Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H6043 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, JULY 11, 2018 No. 116 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. M
ARSHALL ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, July 11, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable R
OGER W. M
ARSHALL to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 8, 2018, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
FAMILY SEPARATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ) for 5 minutes. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, yester-day was the court-ordered deadline for the Trump administration to reunite more than 100 children under 5 years old with their families. The administration has failed to meet this deadline, and that is shame-ful. Dozens of babies and toddlers re-main in government custody with no idea of when they will see their parents again. As a mom, I am outraged. This ad-ministration is failing to comply with a court-ordered deadline. But what is this really about, babies, toddlers, and young children? Ask any pediatrician. This is harmful, and every day creates more harm to these innocent children. This administration is saying they were forced to separate families when, in fact, it was their deliberate zero-tol-erance policy, their strategy that forc-ibly took children out of their parents’ arms, and it has always been within their power to stop this coldhearted and inhumane madness. On Monday, I met with Latino and immigrant community leaders in Or-egon to hear from them firsthand about how this administration’s ac-tions are harming families and commu-nities. They spoke of unprecedented fear, of families torn apart, and of chil-dren afraid to go to school. They spoke about why people come to the United States in the first place: to make a bet-ter life for themselves and for their children. Miriam Corona from Yamhill County said that there is no greater gift of love than to leave everything you know for your children’s future. That is why my grandparents got on a boat in 1921 and crossed the ocean from Italy for the American Dream. It is why many peo-ple are now fleeing terrible violence in Central America and in Mexico to make a better life for themselves and their children and, oftentimes, to save their children’s lives. That is what we stand for in this country of the United States of Amer-ica: a better life, a peaceful life free from violence, and a better future for the next generation. As a parent, that is what I want for my children, and as a Member of Congress, it is what I want for everyone in our community. The Trump administration’s actions contradict these fundamental values. We are better than this. I continue to demand that the administration re-unite all separated children with their parents—not later, now. This is a court order, not a suggestion. If the problem is that these agencies are understaffed, I will come over to the agency. I will go over to Health and Human Services to help. I am sure many of my colleagues will join me. Mr. Speaker, when the families are reunited, our work is not done. We must fix our broken immigration sys-tem. It is long past time to vote on a comprehensive, humane, and compas-sionate immigration reform bill. That is what Oregonians want, and it is what the majority of people in this country want. f 
RECOGNIZING EAGLE SCOUT TOMMY FULFORD The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. B
OST) for 5 minutes. Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Tommy Fulford of O’Fallon, Illinois, for winning the Na-tional Eagle Scout Service Project of the Year Award for the central region. This project was a year in the mak-ing. Tommy took a dirt-filled storage room dating back to 1904 in the base-ment of the O’Fallon, Illinois, History Museum and created an exhibit illus-trating the long history of coal mining in southern Illinois. The room was de-signed to give visitors the feel of being in an actual mine. I visited the exhibit last month. Mr. Speaker, coming from mining roots myself, I can tell you Tommy’s project hit very close to home. To put things in perspective, Eagle Scouts around the country and their volunteers completed almost 8.5 mil-lion hours of service toward their Eagle projects last year. This works out to 150 hours per project. Tommy and his 18 volunteers dedicated 934 hours of service to complete his coal mining ex-hibit. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:45 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JY7.000 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6044 July 11, 2018 
Tommy, I applaud you, and I appre-ciate your dedication and hard work. I know you have a bright future ahead of you. 
SCHOOL VIOLENCE PREVENTION PROGRAM  
Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, in January, I came to this well to urge support for bipartisan legislation I introduced with my Illinois colleague, Mr. S
CHNEIDER . Our bill proposed a Federal grant pro-gram to improve security at our schools and protect our children. Since then, our legislation passed the House and the Senate and was signed into law by President Trump. Because of Members’ bipartisan support, I am proud to say these grants are now available to local communities. Please urge local officials in our dis-tricts to visit cops.usdoj.gov for more information on how to apply for up to $500,000 in grants through the school vi-olence prevention program. However, the application deadline for this fiscal year is July 30, so time is of the es-sence. We have advanced safety technology in banks, office buildings, and retail lo-cations. There is no reason we shouldn’t have that same technology in our schools to protect our children. 
f 
IMMIGRATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, once again, I am proud to stand in the well of the Congress of the United States of America. I am not proud to stand here today for the reasons that I shall articulate. Mr. Speaker, we live in a world where it is not enough for things to be right; they must also look right. Mr. Speak-er, when the Federal Government sepa-rates children from their parents, in-deed, mothers from their babies, it does not look right. Some may argue that it is right be-cause of various laws and legislation that might exist, but it doesn’t look right for this country, the country that believes in liberty and justice for all. It doesn’t look right for the United States of America to separate babies from their mothers. Where is the moral compass? There ought to be an inner voice within us that says there is something wrong here. We are taking a baby from the baby’s mother, and we are going to put the baby in a location separate and apart from the mother. The baby needs the mother. The mother is there to nurture the baby. How can we do this in good con-science? We live in a world where it is not enough for things to be right; they must also look right. And this doesn’t look right to the world. I have gone to visit these children. I went to Brownsville. I saw the chil-dren. They are caring for the children, but the missing element, the most im-portant thing that these children need, was not there: their parents. I went to three other sites before going to Brownsville and, Mr. Speaker, I, as a Member of the Congress of the United States of America, went to a site in my congressional district, and I went to other sites. I could not see the children, and I was asked to leave the premises. I behaved in an orderly fash-ion. I had two forms of identification. But not only could I not see the chil-dren, I was asked to leave the property. There is no transparency. This is the Federal Government holding children and not allowing open access to these children by Members of Congress. It is not enough for things to be right; they must also look right. When the Members of the Congress of the United States of America cannot see the children who have been secreted in various locations around the country and separated from their parents, not only does this not look right, it isn’t right. At some point on this infinite con-tinuum that we call time, we will all have to account for our time. At some point, when the omnipotent, the omni-present, and omniscient are one, we will have to answer to what is hap-pening to these children today. These children belong to all of us in the sense that they are children of our world, and we must answer and account for what is happening today. So I stand here in the well, a proud Member of Congress and proud to be an American, but sad to know that we have not done enough to reunite these children with their parents. Mr. Speaker, if you separate children from their parents, if you take babies from their mothers, then you must have a plan to reunite them. When you do not, you are failing not only those parents, but you are failing the future of a great country, because it gives us the appearance of not caring for people who are in harm’s way who have come asking for help. It gives us the appear-ance of not being that Good Samaritan who not only helped the person who was in harm’s way who had been beset upon by thieves, it gives us the appear-ance of not being that Good Samaritan who said: I am going to help you. I am going to take you to the inn. I am going to leave; I am coming back; and I will pay more if you need more. This is the United States of America. We can do better. 
f 
LAKE OKEECHOBEE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
AST) for 5 minutes. Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I would like to ask a question of this body. I would like every Member of this body to think about this: What would you do if one of your neighbors each and every day was taking their garbage and throwing it over your fence into your yard? What would you do if that were the case? In the case of my community, it is not just the garbage of neighboring communities that enters its way into our community, it is toxic water pollu-tion. So if somebody throwing garbage over your fence would infuriate you as an individual, then I would ask you to imagine how you would feel if your neighbor was knowingly poisoning the kids in your backyard, your children? I don’t think that I know of words. I don’t think I know of a four-letter word that would describe this for me. I don’t know of an emoji that I could text anybody. I don’t know an emotion that I could use to adequately describe the feeling of having my community poisoned, knowingly and willingly, year after year after year. Now, the World Health Organization says that any amount greater than 10 parts per billion microcystin algae is poison for humans and that it causes everything from nausea to liver dis-ease. That is a pretty broad spectrum. The Florida Department of Environ-mental Protection just reported that the level released into our waters is more than 150 parts per billion. Let me say that one more time. The World Health Organization said that anything greater than 10 parts per billion is poison. The water being re-leased into my community that plays no role in producing this toxic water is being exposed to water that is more than 150 parts per billion, 15 times what is considered harmful to human health. b1015 The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers is planning to resume its poisoning oper-ations later this week. As a result of that, I would like to ask three things: Number one, to the Department of Defense, who is currently conducting a systemwide review of its policies: Do not release one more drop of this poi-son water into my community, into Florida’s Treasure Coast, into the epi-center of population for hundreds of thousands of people. Our community did not create the problem or the con-ditions leading to this poison, and we must not be forced to have the health of each of our citizens put at risk as a result of someone else’s garbage being thrown into our yard—or, rather, by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers re-leasing it into our backyard. Number two, I would ask this of our President: The situation has resulted in a state of emergency in years past, and the Governor has already declared a state of emergency for Florida and a number of counties, including for Mar-tin and St. Lucie Counties. I call for a Federal state of emergency to be de-clared right now. I also ask this. Previous administra-tions had this request come before them, and those administrations did nothing. I would ask this of our admin-istration: Bring in the cavalry. Bring in every bit of water cleanup operation you can find that can be yielded by FEMA, by the Coast Guard, by Fish and Wildlife, by anybody else that can 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:45 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JY7.002 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6045 July 11, 2018 
go out there and clean this poison, these toxins out of our waterways. Number three, to the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers: Federal court cases demand that everything—all the water that goes south of Lake Okeechobee, where this toxic water stems from—not be exposed to anything greater than 10 parts per billion of phosphorous. That actually slows the rate of water flow to the south, where that water actually belongs, where God designed that water to go. Yet my community is getting toxic water with parts greater than 150 parts per billion, which is, as I said, 15 times greater than what is safe for human contact. That is not equitable. That is not right. So I would ask that the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, who has the emer-gency authority granted to them under section 7–13 when there are pollution emergencies: Use that authority now to stop poisoning my community, to protect the hundreds of thousands of people on the Treasure Coast of Flor-ida, and send that dirty, toxic water south. 
f 
STOP THE GOVERNMENT FROM SPYING ON AMERICAN CITIZENS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) for 5 minutes. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, mil-lions of data sheets spit out of the printer inside a thick-walled, secure fa-cility. Across the top are Americans’ names, a list of phone numbers dialed, the time and date called, and the fre-quency in which they called or texted a person. ‘‘Who is doing this?’’ you might ask. A criminal organization? A private in-vestigator? Who is intentionally stalk-ing and gathering data on innocent American citizens without their knowl-edge? Well, it is not a nefarious organiza-tion operating behind closed doors. It is not the Russians. It is the spying eyes of the United States Federal Gov-ernment. In the aftermath of 9/11, the govern-ment authorized once-secret programs by the NSA to collect information on bad actors, primarily terrorists, who wish to create mayhem. They were ter-rorists overseas. As the subcommittee chairman of Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade, I agree that we should go after terrorists. Our government should use techniques they have on those people who wish to destroy America and find out what those terrorists are doing. But despite the overall intention of the law, the program has been cor-rupted. Not only does the NSA collect information on terrorists, which they should do, but it collects data on ordi-nary American citizens, including com-munications, emails, and text mes-sages. The government does not have a spe-cific Fourth Amendment warrant to collect and search this data on Ameri-cans, but it does it anyway. The Fourth Amendment says the warrantless search and seizure is unconstitutional without a probable cause warrant. But the government ignores the Constitu-tion. This sensitive information is placed into a searchable database by the gov-ernment, a secret database. Sometimes the government decides to go into that database that was seized without a Fourth Amendment warrant and checks to see how many times a name comes up. They take that information and do a reverse search, checking to see if the citizen’s identifying informa-tion is in the database. Remember, Mr. Speaker, this is done by our government on Americans, in secret, without a Fourth Amendment warrant. For years, the NSA has refused to provide data on the number of Ameri-cans swept up in their secret searches. I have advocated for years that the NSA level with Americans, our govern-ment, and the Congress as to how much information they are seizing. Several months ago, the House voted for a flawed FISA bill, the Foreign In-telligence Surveillance Act, which, un-fortunately, reauthorized the warrantless surveillance of American citizens. The only good thing to come out of this spying bill is a hard-fought provision releasing the numbers of Americans wrapped up in government spying. Unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, they paint a grim picture for the pri-vacy of Fourth Amendment protec-tions. In 2017 alone, the NSA unconsti-tutionally gathered data on 7,512 U.S. persons, a search without a probable cause warrant. This is up from 5,288 in 2016. According to a previous report by The Washington Post, 90 percent of the account holders whose communications were collected were not targets. That means the government was just fishing around in the data they had collected and searching information on Ameri-cans without a warrant. Privacy must not be forsaken on the false altar of national security. As a former judge, I am very concerned about the loss of our Fourth Amend-ment right of privacy in the United States based on this unconstitutional action by the NSA. The Fourth Amendment is sacred to this country and to the Founders who drafted it. It is up to Congress to up-hold Americans’ Fourth Amendment rights. We must reform an article called 702 to require that if the govern-ment wants to look at the data that was seized on Americans, they do it with a search warrant, based on the Fourth Amendment. If they don’t have a search warrant based on the Fourth Amendment, then they cannot seize and go through that information. It is a very simple concept, Mr. Speaker, and I would hope that Con-gress would act to stop our government from spying on American citizens in the name of national security. It is un-constitutional. And that is just the way it is. f 
TWILIGHT WISH FOUNDATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize a nonprofit organiza-tion in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, that recently celebrated its 15th anni-versary. The Twilight Wish Foundation, based in Doylestown, seeks to grant the wish-es of low-income senior citizens. These wishes can be big or small, ranging from meeting Philadelphia Eagles players to the purchasing of a new pair of eyeglasses. As a society, Mr. Speaker, it is in-cumbent upon all of us as both public servants and citizens to support pro-grams and support policies that protect our senior citizens. I commend the work done by the Twilight Wish Foun-dation, and I applaud the leadership of founder and Chairman of the Board Cass Forkin. I would also like to thank Vice President Robin Kardane; Direc-tor of Community Relations Mary Farrell; and Director of Wish Manage-ment Michelle Bowren, for all their in-credible work for our community. 
RECOGNIZING BOB CONSULMAGNO  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to recognize a resident of Bucks County, Pennsylvania, who re-cently broke his fourth world record. Bob Consulmagno of Morrisville suc-cessfully broke the record for the most outstanding ab wheel rollouts while wearing a 40-pound weight vest. Mak-ing this feat more impressive is that Bob, a retired marine, completed this major accomplishment to raise aware-ness of mental illness. Diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder and bipolar disorder, Bob turned to sports and physical training to battle mental illness. Using his athleticism to garner attention to those who struggle from mental illness, Bob hopes to end the stigma with which it is often associated and to pro-mote treatment for military veterans. I am proud to call Bob my con-stituent, and I am thankful for his service to our community and for turn-ing challenging experiences into posi-tive and educational engagements. 
RECOGNIZING THE KAITLIN MURPHY FOUNDATION  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a nonprofit or-ganization in Bucks County, Pennsyl-vania, that is working tirelessly to as-sist those struggling with drug addic-tion. The Kaitlin Murphy Foundation, es-tablished to honor the life and memory of Kaitlin Murphy of Doylestown, part-ners with law enforcement agencies and organizations with similar mis-sions to provide resources to those suf-fering from substance abuse, along with their families. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:45 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JY7.005 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6046 July 11, 2018 
Some of these organizations include the HEART Program, which serves to rehabilitate females suffering from ad-diction at the Bucks County Correc-tional Facility; the Moyer Founda-tion’s Camp Mariposa; and Bucks County Police Assisting in Recovery. For their work, the Kaitlin Murphy Foundation recently received a grant from Warrington Cares, the employee charity of Warrington Township. I am proud to represent such thoughtful and generous people in our community, and I applaud the work of the Kaitlin Murphy Foundation and Warrington Cares, and I will continue to do my part here in Washington to end this public health crisis. Lastly, I would like to extend my ap-preciation to Kaitlin’s parents, Tim and Pat Murphy of Doylestown; Kaitlin’s brother, Sean; and the organi-zation’s president, Annemarie Murphy of Warrington for all their work for our community. 
f 
EQUALITY FOR PUERTO RICO The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Puerto Rico (Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´N) for 5 minutes. Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico. Mr. Speaker, on June 27, I was joined by more than 40 Members of this House in introducing H.R. 6246, the Puerto Rico Admission Act of 2018. That number has since grown to al-most 50 Members. This is truly a bipar-tisan bill that sets forth a transition process that will result in the formal admission of Puerto Rico as a State of the Union, on an equal footing and in true permanent union with the rest of the States. H.R. 6246 would constitute Congress’ long overdue response to the citizens of Puerto Rico who, twice in the past 6 years, have overwhelmingly voted by 97 percent and 61 percent margins ex-pressing their political will to join their fellow Americans as equal in our Union. After 120 years under the U.S. flag and 101 years as American citizens, Puerto Ricans remain disenfranchised and trapped in a second-class status that denied us the same rights and re-sponsibilities as our fellow citizens in the States. Puerto Ricans do not enjoy a demo-cratic form of government at the na-tional level because we can’t vote for the President and the Vice President of the United States. We don’t have a vot-ing representation here in this Con-gress that every day passes laws that affect us and affect our future. That lack of a democratic form of govern-ment at the local level is due to Con-gress passing PROMESA in 2016, se-verely limiting the powers of the duly- elected government of the island. This lack of full participation in the Federal Government that enacts the laws and the rules that Puerto Ricans live under, combined with the absolute power of the U.S. Congress under our Article IV, section 3, clause 2 of the Constitution to treat us equally under those laws has proven to be a funda-mental limitation on the fulfillment of our potential as a people. The combination of these inequities, which were unmasked and further ex-acerbated by last year’s historic hurri-canes, has led to incoherent and arbi-trary Federal policies that have lim-ited the island’s opportunities to maxi-mize our full economic potential. I am certain that not even one of my stateside colleagues in this Congress would accept a territorial status like Puerto Rico’s for their own constitu-ents. It is my hope that all of them will recognize and respect that the people of Puerto Rico are no longer willing to accept it either. I also trust that my colleagues will credit Puerto Rico for aspiring to have the first-class citizenship and equality they have been denied for over a cen-tury, with the same rights and respon-sibilities as their fellow citizens in the States. My constituents might not have a vote in the government that makes their national laws, but they have a voice. They made that voice heard loud and clear not just once, but twice. b1030 Every Member who supports H.R. 6246 will send a clear message that he or she is standing up for a powerful principle: that the people of Puerto Rico are American citizens who have, in war and peace, made countless contribu-tions and greatly enriched the life of this Nation for generations. More than 250,000 Puerto Ricans have served in our military forces and brave-ly fought in every conflict since the Great War, side by side with the citi-zens of other States, defending our democratic values all over the world. Yet, they are denied the right to vote for their Commander in Chief. A disproportionately large number of them have made the ultimate sacrifice in battle. When they do, their caskets are flown back to this country, draped in an American flag that contains just 50 stars, but none of those represent them and represent Puerto Rico. Furthermore, those who are fortu-nate to return to the island and join the ranks of the more than 100,000 vet-erans living on the island encounter a system that discriminates against them and treats them as second-class citizens. Furthermore, because of these long-standing inequities, in the last 10 years alone, more than 400,000 Puerto Ricans have relocated to the States in the search for equality. That is the equality we are looking for in this bill, a truly bipartisan bill that will let Puerto Rico become the 51st State of the Nation. I urge my colleagues to join me in this bill and acknowledge the situation in Puerto Rico and let us become first- class U.S. citizens. FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE REVIEW The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. WAGNER ) for 5 minutes. Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, the Se-curities and Exchange Act of 1934 re-quires most SEC registrants to file a form 10Q quarterly report with the SEC. The form 10Q includes condensed financial information and other data prepared by a company and reviewed by independent auditors. Although technology has evolved rapidly over the years, the form 10Q used today was adopted in 1950. My leg-islation, H.R. 5970, the Modernizing Disclosures for Investors Act, requires the Securities and Exchange Commis-sion, the SEC, to report to Congress the costs and benefits of form 10Q and recommendations for decreasing costs while increasing transparency and effi-ciency of quarterly financial reporting. Specifically, my bill requires the SEC to look at emerging growth com-panies that are particularly susceptible to the burdens and complexities associ-ated with current reporting require-ments. In recent years, annual and quarterly reporting requirements have grown in size and complexity, making it more difficult for investors to deter-mine relevant information, often leav-ing them overwhelmed and unable to make sound investment decisions. Furthermore, some companies be-lieve that current reporting require-ments have become a barrier to reg-istering as publicly traded companies, as noted by a 2011 report by the IPO Task Force. The report, which was prompted by the JOBS Act of 2012, found that 92 percent of public com-pany leaders said that the administra-tive burden of public reporting was a significant challenge to completing an IPO and becoming a public company. Finally, I would like to note that my legislation is timely. At a recent SEC oversight hearing, Chairman Clayton highlighted in his testimony that: ‘‘We should regularly review whether we have disclosure requirements that are outdated, duplicative, or can otherwise be improved.’’ In addition, just last week, the SEC finalized a rule expanding the defini-tion of smaller reporting companies, which will allow them to be eligible for scaled disclosures. Before I conclude, I want to take a minute to thank Congressman G
OTTHEIMER for his willingness to work across the aisle and to get this bill to the finish line. With the passage of H.R. 5970 just last evening, we have provided yet another example of how Congress can work together in a bipar-tisan manner. 
f 
IMPROVING CHOICES IN HEALTHCARE COVERAGE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. B
UDD) for 5 min-utes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:45 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JY7.006 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6047 July 11, 2018 
Mr. BUDD. Mr. Speaker, the cost of health insurance is on the minds of many Americans this summer, and it should be. Nearly half a million people in North Carolina buy their health insurance on the ObamaCare marketplace. The aver-age price for these plans continues to go up each and every year. This wouldn’t be as much of an issue if there were many options to choose from, but, unfortunately, there are not. Blue Cross, the only insurer that is still in all 100 counties in our State, announced that they were raising rates by an average of nearly 19 percent going into 2017. Then they raised them again this year by over 14 percent. I ex-pect them to do the same next year, the year after that, and in coming years after that. It is clear to me that the individual mandate didn’t actually lower the cost of health insurance, and bailing out big insurance companies certainly didn’t help either. Mr. Speaker, as you know very well, we need an off-ramp from ObamaCare. We need a solution that allows for more competition, because competition drives down prices and allows people to purchase health insurance without going bankrupt. While we continue to work toward getting a full repeal and replace on the President’s desk, I believe we should also pass a simple bill right now that would provide millions of Americans a way to buy more affordable health in-surance Short-term, limited-duration medical plans are designed to provide coverage for a limited time when someone is be-tween health insurance policies—indi-viduals who are between jobs, for ex-ample—but these plans are also exempt from having to abide by ObamaCare’s regulatory regime. The Obama administration was con-cerned with these plans becoming at-tractive alternatives to ObamaCare. So before they left office in 2016, they issued a regulation that defined these short-term policies as those that are less than 3 months long. I believe strengthening these types of plans would be a huge step in the right direction. That is why, last month, I introduced a simple bill called the Im-proving Choices in Health Care Cov-erage Act. This bill would do two simple things. It would allow people to stay on these less expensive, short-term medical plans for as long as 364 days, and it would allow them to renew these plans for multiple years. According to the American Action Forum, which looked at different find-ings from the Congressional Budget Of-fice, the Urban Institute, and the Com-monwealth Fund, there seems to be a consensus that these plans would be at-tractive to consumers because of their low premiums, and, thus, enrollment would likely be into the millions. I hear from constituents every time I go back home that their monthly pre-miums are way too high. Mr. Speaker, this bill is one way we can relieve some of their financial stress. With looming announcements by big insurance com-panies that they are again going to be increasing premiums, the time to act is now. 
f 
RUSSIA’S MILITARY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. D
UNCAN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I voted for the first Gulf war many years ago because our leaders at that time said Saddam Hussein was the greatest threat since Hitler and told us all about Hussein’s powerful, elite troops. I then saw these same elite troops surrender to CNN camera crews and empty tanks. I realized then, and many times since, that the threats had been and continue to be greatly exagger-ated. For this and many other reasons, I voted against the second Gulf war in 2002. Most of these threats are more about money and power than they are about real danger to the U.S. They also seem to be because many of our leaders seem to be a little too eager to go to war and want to be new Winston Churchills and prove how tough they are, how patri-otic, and how they are great leaders. Mr. Speaker, it is certainly not patri-otic at all to send young Americans to fight very unnecessary wars. With these thoughts as background, I would like to read part of conservative syndicated columnist Eric Margolis’ most recent column. First, let me say that President Trump is correct in saying that NATO countries should not continue to ex-pect the U.S. to pay for their defense needs. Mr. Margolis’ column, in part, is as follows: 
Germany is reported to have less than 20 operational tanks. Canada’s armed forces ap-pear to be smaller than the New York City Police Department. But the Europeans ask, ‘‘Defense against whom?’’ The Soviet Union was a huge threat back in the Cold War when the mighty Red army had 55,000 tanks pointed west. Today, Russia’s land and naval power has evapo-rated. Russia has perhaps 5,500 main battle tanks in active service and a similar number in storage, a far cry from its armored jug-gernaut of the Cold War. More important, Russia’s military budget for 2018 was only $61 billion, actually down 17 percent from last year. Russia is facing hard economic times. Russia has slipped to fourth place in military spending after the U.S., China, and Saudi Arabia. The U.S. and its wealthy allies account for two-thirds of world military spending. In fact, the U.S.’ total military budget, includ-ing for nuclear weapons and foreign wars, is about $1 trillion, 50 percent of total U.S. Government discretionary spending. In addition, Russia must defend a vast ter-ritory from the Baltic to the Pacific. The U.S. is fortunate in having Mexico and Can-ada as neighbors. Russia has North Korea, China, India, the Middle East, and NATO to watch. As with its naval forces, Russia’s armies are too far apart to lend one another mutual support. Two vulnerable rail lines are Rus-sia’s main land link between European Rus-sia and its Pacific Far East. Trump’s extra supplemental military budget boost this year of $54 billion is almost as large as Russia’s entire 2018 military budget. As for Trump’s claim that Europe is not paying its fair share of NATO expenses, note that Britain and France combined to-gether spend more on their military forces than Russia. In Europe, it is hard to find many people who still consider Russia a serious threat, except for some dipsy Danes, right-wing Swedes, and assorted Russophobic East Eu-ropeans. The main fear of Russia seems con-centrated in the minds of American neoconservatives, media, and victims of the bizarre anti-Russian hysteria that has gripped the U.S. Mr. Speaker, that is from the Margolis column, and I hope that Mem-bers in this Congress will keep those words in mind. 
f 
PRO-GROWTH POLICIES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. F
ERGUSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today because I want to talk about our pro-growth policies that are working for the American people. Throughout this year, I have met with small-business owners, college students, seniors, and folks all across my district to hear how the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act has impacted them. Time and again—time and again—I hear the same story: People have more money in their pockets. Their businesses are doing well. Their utility bills are lower. Their small businesses are ex-panding. Their economic outlook is better than it used to be. And we are headed in the right direction. Employers are now investing not only in their businesses but, more im-portantly, in their people. These bene-fits are not just limited to my district in Georgia. Our economy is booming across this great Nation, and Ameri-cans across this country are reaping the benefits of comprehensive tax re-form. Thanks to our pro-growth policies, we are finally seeing true economic re-covery, and America is on a path to being the best place in the world to do business once again. Our work isn’t done. We still have work to do. And we will continue to fight for the American worker and American business while we make this the greatest place in the world to do business. I look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues to do just that. It is mind-boggling to me, when you look around this great Nation and you see the success, that we actually have Members of this body who want to take that success away from this country and want to take money out of the American people’s pockets and bring it right back here to Washington, D.C. That is a thought process that I think is wrong, and I don’t understand it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:45 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JY7.009 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6048 July 11, 2018 
We need to keep fighting for the American family, the American work-er, the American business, so that this country continues to be the best place in the world to do business. Tax reform is an example of how we get that done. 
f 
RECOGNIZING HUNTER TRUCK SALES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. K
ELLY ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 80th anniversary of a reputable busi-ness headquartered in my hometown of Butler, Pennsylvania: Hunter Truck Sales. Hunter Truck Sales is a family owned and operated, authorized dealer of Peterbilt and International heavy- duty trucks and is one of the largest heavy-duty truck commercial pro-viders in the Northeast. b1045 Hunter Truck is a staple of the com-munity, and their success over the last 80 years confirms that the American Dream is alive and thriving in Pennsyl-vania and throughout the whole United States. Hunter Truck Sales is a name that has been synonymous with reliability since its founding in 1938. The business was started by Homer Hunter. Homer opened a small service station in the rural town of Eau Claire, Pennsyl-vania, and quickly developed a reputa-tion for his unparalleled commitment to trucking solutions with personalized sales, service, and parts. With hard work and unwavering dedi-cation, the company has continuously grown and was eventually awarded a new truck sales franchise from Inter-national Harvester, followed by earn-ing a Peterbilt heavy-duty truck fran-chise. Homer, along with his brothers, cre-ated a customer-centric business that focused on teamwork, trust, account-ability, and integrity. These very val-ues led the company to its many achievements, and they remain at the core of the Hunter Truck Sales today, which is now owned and operated by the third generation of the Hunter fam-ily: Jeff Hunter, Dave Hunter, William Hunter, and Nancy Hunter-Mycka. Hunter Truck currently operates 20 locations in Pennsylvania, West Vir-ginia, New York, and New Jersey, and proudly employs nearly 1,000 people. Keep in mind all this started with a small service station and a family with big dreams and great work ethic. It is families like the Hunters who help local economies flourish by estab-lishing successful business practices that can be sustained for multiple gen-erations. While the services provided have evolved and the scope of the business has expanded, Hunter Truck remains fully committed to both their cus-tomers and the communities they call home. As a leader in the heavy-duty truck industry, Hunter truck has invested in its workforce and in unique tech-nologies that align with their mission, which is to build long-term relation-ships that reflect value, integrity, and teamwork by providing their cus-tomers with excellent parts, service, and products. It is truly an honor to recognize the Hunter family and Hunter Truck Sales for their pioneering spirit in the dem-onstration of core American values. I encourage them to continue on what they have built with absolute pride— not boastful pride, but pride in know-ing what Mr. Hunter started in 1938 has flourished and has provided so many jobs for so many people for so long. It is an incredible tribute to the way Americans think. Small businesses are the backbone of this country, and Hunter Truck Sales is truly an inspiration to entrepreneurs everywhere. 
f 
UPHOLD THE STIMSON DOCTRINE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. F
ERGUSON ). The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ON-
NOLLY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I am concerned that the President of the United States is engaged in a massive campaign of deception that threatens to upend U.S. policy towards Crimea, shake confidence in U.S. global leader-ship, and override the stated will of the United States Congress. This dangerous precedent set in Cri-mea cannot be overstated. Putin’s forc-ible and illegal annexation of Crimea, the first forcible seizure of territory in Europe since World War II, undermines Ukrainian sovereignty and threatens the stability of European borders. Acquiescence on the part of the United States threatens the security of sovereign nations. Who is next? Moldova? Georgia? The Baltic States? It is the longstanding policy of the United States not to recognize terri-torial changes effected by force, as dic-tated by the Stimson Doctrine estab-lished in 1932 by then Republican Sec-retary of State Henry Stimson. We upheld that doctrine with the issuance of the Welles Declaration in 1940, which stated emphatically that the United States would not recognize the illegal annexation of the Baltic States by then the Soviet Union. That policy remained in effect for 50 long years. For more than 50 years, we stood by the Baltic Republics of Estonia, Lith-uania, and Latvia, sometimes in the face of ridicule. Today, they are inde-pendent sovereign states and good members of NATO. The collective wis-dom of the previous and current admin-istrations, Congress, our European al-lies, and the American public is that similar principles must be adopted with respect to Crimea. Crimea was Putin’s original violation in the Ukraine, and we have limited credibility objecting to Russia’s subse-quent invasion of the Luhansk and Donetsk if we do not stand firm with respect to Crimea. The Obama administration estab-lished a nonrecognition policy toward Russian sovereignty over Crimea and levied sanctions against individuals and entities enabling Russia’s occupa-tion. Our allies in Europe stood with us shoulder to shoulder in emphasizing and enforcing those sanctions. Congress codified President Obama’s Crimea sanctions and has repeatedly used the power of the purse to prohibit the use of government funds for any ac-tion that would recognize the de jure or de facto illegal annexation of Cri-mea. And in the Countering America’s Ad-versaries Through Sanctions Act, Con-gress reiterated its support for the Stimson Doctrine and its application to the illegal invasions by Russia and occupations of Abkhazia and South Ossetia in Georgia, Crimea, and eastern Ukraine, and the Transnistria region of Moldova. Even the State Department for the current administration has reit-erated our nonrecognition policy and enforced Crimea sanctions. But through all of this, one man stands alone atop his bully pulpit with opaque intentions and armed with an arsenal of half-truths and downright lies. That person is the President of the United States, Donald Trump. I do not particularly care that Don-ald Trump personally admires Vladi-mir Putin. Everyone needs a role model. However, President Trump’s willful ignorance of the crisis in the Ukraine has had him repeat propa-ganda and support policies that are so foreign that they would make Mr. Putin very happy. It was candidate Trump who said both ‘‘Crimea has been taken’’ and Putin is ‘‘not going into Ukraine.’’ I will not attempt to untangle the con-tradictions therein. I trust President Trump has had time to study and un-derstand why his comments betrayed a shockingly tenuous grasp of U.S. for-eign policy and our increasingly dan-gerous geopolitical climate. As Commander in Chief, the Presi-dent has since had time to learn more about the situation in the Crimea and eastern Ukraine. Unfortunately, he has learned all the wrong lessons and has adopted a confrontational approach to current U.S. policy regarding Crimea. In justifying his position, the Presi-dent has repeated several myths, some of which were no doubt originated by the Kremlin’s own propaganda ma-chine. Myth number one: The people of Cri-mea have said they preferred Russia— only in a referendum in an occupied Crimea with Russian troops all over the state. No referendum has validity at the end of a barrel of a gun. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:45 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JY7.010 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6049 July 11, 2018 
Myth number two: The demographics of Crimea demand they be part of Rus-sia because most of them speak Rus-sian. I am sure Russian speaking popu-lations in the Baltic Republics revolt at that kind of notion. And the claim also erases history because Crimean Tatars were forcibly removed from Cri-mea by the dictator Stalin. This is the President’s most insidious myth, the third one; recognizing Cri-mea could help improve relations with Russia. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman’s time is expired. Mr. CONNOLLY. I don’t think so. Russia has a much more extensive agenda. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman’s time is expired. Mr. CONNOLLY. It is time for the United States to recognize—— The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman is no longer recognized. Mr. CONNOLLY. * * *. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President of the United States. 
f 
ORGANIC AGRICULTURE LISTENING SESSION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, on Monday, I hosted and chaired a Listening Session on Organic Agriculture at our State capitol in Harrisburg. Agriculture is a key economic driver in Pennsylvania and remains the Com-monwealth’s number one industry. One in seven jobs in Pennsylvania is con-nected to agriculture, a fact especially important in rural areas, generating some $7.4 billion in sales in 2017. Yet agriculture in Pennsylvania and around the country goes well beyond our local communities. Our farmers not only feed, clothe, and provide en-ergy and fiber for all Americans, but also to many other nations around the world. Pennsylvania agriculture is diverse and encompasses a wide array of com-modities and production methods. Monday’s listening session was specifi-cally focused on the organic agri-culture sector in Pennsylvania. I was proudly joined by my col-leagues, Congressman S
COTT PERRY  and Congressman T
OMMARINO , as well as Pennsylvania’s agriculture deputy secretary, Cheryl Cook. We heard from a number of expert panelists, includ-ing: Leslie Zuck of Pennsylvania Cer-tified Organic; Dr. Kristy Borrelli of Penn State extension; Scott Sechler of Bell & Evans; Ken Rice, an organic livestock feed seller; Andrew Kline, an organic beef and milk producer; and Hannah Smith-Brubaker of the Penn-sylvania Sustainable Agriculture Asso-ciation, or PASA. We heard some tremendous testi-mony from the all-star panel, and I thank them for their insights. Over the past decade, organic agriculture has flourished around the Nation. From 2015 to 2016, the number of certified or-ganic farms nationwide increased to more than 14,000, and the number of certified acres increased by 15 percent, according to the USDA. Pennsylvania has been a leading State in organic agriculture with more than 800 farms across the Common-wealth. With some farms transitioning and others just starting out in agri-culture, organic is being supported in a variety of ways. Through Pennsylvania Certified Organic, Penn State’s exten-sion activities, stakeholder organiza-tions, and the State Department of Ag-riculture, many are working to help farmers who wish to transition to or-ganic farming. There have also been a variety of supports put in place at the Federal level. Title X of the farm bill is the horticulture portion of the law which covers specialty crops, local and re-gional foods, and organic agriculture. The 2014 farm bill included $34 mil-lion annually to organic producers. This includes support for USDA’s Or-ganic Agriculture Research and Exten-sion Initiative, the National Organic Certification Cost Share Program, the National Organic Program, and the Or-ganic Data Initiative. The farm bill also authorizes the Beginning Farmers and Ranchers Program, the Farmers Market and Local Food Promotion Program, the Market Access Program, the EQIP Organic Initiative, and our bedrock agricultural conservation pro-grams. Mr. Speaker, as you know, the House and Senate have been working dili-gently to write the next farm bill as the current law expires in September. Writing a new farm bill is timely, as rural areas have been hit hard by farm recession in recent years with the aver-age farm income roughly half of what it was just 5 years ago. Since both the House and Senate have passed versions of the farm bill, I look forward to working out the dif-ferences in conference. This new law will certainly continue to support both traditional as well as organic agri-culture on many fronts, and I look for-ward to getting the final bill across the finish line. HONORING WORLD WAR I HEROES IN CLINTON  
COUNTY , PENNSYLVANIA  
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of two World War I heroes from Clinton County, Pennsylvania. Private First Class Ira Cranmer Kel-ler and Corporal Beale Marshall Darby are the hometown soldiers for which the county’s Keller & Darby Memorial Park is named. Private First Class Kel-ler was 24 years old and the first Clin-ton County soldier to be killed during World War I. Corporal Darby was only 18 years old and is the second home-town soldier to lose his life in the Great War. Their families donated land in North Bend to be used as a public park, for-ever commemorating their sacrifice for our freedom. This Sunday, there will be a formal memorial and rededication ceremony. A World War I Soldiers’ Commemorative Monument will also be unveiled in the park. Mr. Speaker, a century later, we are celebrating the lives of these two sol-diers and honoring the sacrifice that they made to this great Nation. To this day, the park honors these North Bend heroes, as their families intended. It is a place where we will always remember the sacrifices that come with our free-dom, and we will never forget. f 
OUR GUARANTEED FOUR FREEDOMS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. S
WALWELL ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, it was in this Chamber in 1941 that Franklin Roosevelt told the world that every man, woman, and child in the world should be guaranteed four freedoms: the freedom of speech, the freedom of worship, the freedom from fear, and the freedom from want. And Mr. Speaker, today, our Presi-dent has taken a wrecking ball to all four of those guarantees. He has de-clared that the press is the enemy of the American people—going after that treasured freedom of speech, the right for me to speak here in this well, for people to assemble outside, and for the journalists behind me in the gallery to report on it—the freedom of worship that every man and woman and child could pray to the God of their choosing and not be discriminated because of it. Our country, as we speak right now today, has a Muslim ban in place. b1100 Freedom from fear: Nearly daily, the President tweets out that the immi-grants fleeing the harshest places in the world from violence and abject pov-erty are the problem, that they are murderers and rapists. And freedom from want: The idea that if you work hard, it will mean something. Well, Mr. Speaker, this Chamber passed, and the President signed, a tax cut where 83 percent of the benefits went to the wealthiest among us. Not a tax cut that told our businesses: You can be more competi-tive, but you have to share the profits with those who generated your produc-tivity. Those four freedoms that we have all relied upon and depend upon in our country are being knocked down. We have an opportunity in this Chamber, Mr. Speaker, to unite and work to-gether to restore those freedoms and rebuild them. Our Founders, in their wisdom, envi-sioned that you could have a wrecking- ball, out-of-control Presidency, and they did not leave us helpless. They en-visioned that the Article I check and balance of a Congress, elected by the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JY7.012 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6050 July 11, 2018 
people, could be a check on the Presi-dent. As our President right now is abroad, insulting our allies, drawing us closer to adversaries like Russia, we can be a check. We can say, when it comes to those families separated at the border, we are not going to put a single pri-ority of the President forward until he reunites all of them. When it comes to the press, who are under attack in speech that is constantly being sup-pressed, we can pass the Journalist Protection Act, which I recently intro-duced, which would make it a Federal crime to commit violence against any-one in the news gathering business. There is a lot we can do together. And as it comes to our democracy, Mr. Speaker, we are just 4 months away from an election. The adversary that our President is meeting with is determined to interfere again. The best antidote to stop that would be for us to unite and pass legislation to have an independent commission. That is bipar-tisan legislation that is out there. We can be the check that our Found-ers envisioned. We can be the check that our constituents really need us to be during these trying times. We are not helpless, Mr. Speaker. We can pick up the pieces, and we can re-build and restore those freedoms that FDR stood in this Chamber and guar-anteed to the world that we would have. That should still be true today in America. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania). Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair de-clares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 3 min-utes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER Reverend John Hill, Flint Hill United Methodist Church, Alexander City, Alabama, offered the following prayer: Gracious, mighty, and wonderful God, I pray for this historic Chamber, and I most humbly ask for Your wis-dom, discernment, and grace to be showered upon these representatives of the people. Allow their decisions to be made with selfless interest, keeping a keen eye upon the good of our Nation as a whole. Let their collegiality and respect for one another be an example of states-manship to our Nation. Give them the humbleness to bring differing opinions and work together toward the best so-lution. Allow them to disagree without vili-fying, and may their differences be brought together for the good of the country so that the United States of America may be a shining beacon of hope and liberty to the world. May they be reminded of the sacred trust the people have placed in them and not shrink from this awesome responsi-bility that they have accepted. In the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit, amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentle-woman from Connecticut (Ms. E
STY) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Ms. ESTY of Connecticut led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE HONORING THOSE KILLED OR WOUNDED IN SERVICE TO OUR COUNTRY The SPEAKER. The Chair asks that the House now observe a moment of si-lence in honor of those who have been killed or wounded in service to our country and all those who serve and their families. 
f 
WELCOMING REVEREND JOHN HILL The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. R
OG-
ERS) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to welcome our guest chaplain, Reverend John Hill. Reverend Hill lives in Alexander City, Alabama, and is the pastor of Flint Hill United Methodist Church. In 2010, Reverend Hill had his ordina-tion as elder in the United Methodist Church; and in 2017, he achieved senior chaplain status with the International Conference of Police Chaplains, certifi-cation in critical incident stress man-agement, and became a certified in-structor for group crisis intervention. Reverend Hill has done chaplain work with several police departments across the State as well as with the Alabama Department of Public Safety. He also was selected to serve as a vol-unteer chaplain for the United States Secret Service. Reverend Hill is joined today by his wife, Jill, and their three children, and it is my honor to welcome him to the House of Representatives and our Na-tion’s Capitol. ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio). The Chair will enter-tain up to 15 further requests for 1- minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
WELCOMING PENN STATE 4–H TO THE CAPITOL (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to welcome members of the Penn State 4–H pro-gram to the Nation’s Capital. This afternoon, students will share their 4–H experiences with me and discuss the importance the program has had in their lives. 4–H is open to all young people re-gardless of where they live, what their backgrounds are, or what interests them. From traditional activities for youth in rural places to after-school programs for city youth, 4–H has it all. Last month, Penn State 4–H hosted the first Pennsylvania 4–H Science of Agriculture Challenge in State College. Scores of 4–H teams competed in the challenge that was based around the American Farm Bureau’s Pillars of Ag-ricultural Literacy. First place went to the Westmore-land County equestrian team. The mar-keting team from Clarion County came in second. Third place went to the Armstrong County Idea Makers. Teams from Allegheny County and Wash-ington County rounded out the top five winners. Mr. Speaker, 4–H plays an incredible role in the lives of American students who are learning leadership, citizen-ship, and life skills. I am proud that 4– H helps so many reach their full poten-tial. 
f 
ACA SABOTAGE (Mr. SCHNEIDER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, an-other week, another two blatant at-tempts by this administration to sabo-tage the Affordable Care Act. On Saturday, the Trump administra-tion announced it is ending payments that help insurers meet the require-ment to cover individuals with pre-existing conditions. These risk adjust-ment payments pool risk for insurers so all Americans can be covered, not just the healthiest few. Just yesterday, the Trump adminis-tration announced it is slashing funds for healthcare navigators by 70 per-cent. These navigators are the individ-uals trained to help Americans com-pare and enroll in plans. Without navi-gator assistance, more Americans will struggle to enroll, and more people will go uninsured. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JY7.014 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6051 July 11, 2018 
These changes and other actions pre-viously announced by this administra-tion will result in higher premiums for millions of individuals and small busi-nesses. Remember this: the 130 million Americans, those of us with preexisting conditions, will pay the heaviest price. This cynical effort to diminish access to quality, affordable care has to stop. The Trump administration needs to abandon its effort to undermine the ACA and instead start working with those of us who want to improve, rath-er than tear down, our healthcare sys-tem. 
f 
CONGRATULATING MIAMI BRIDGE (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Miami Bridge on its 33rd anniversary. Located in my congressional district, Miami Bridge works to provide a safe haven for teens who are abandoned, ne-glected, and homeless in Miami-Dade County. Miami Bridge is the only emergency home in south Florida which shelters children from ages 10 to 17. This orga-nization provides and promotes posi-tive youth development programs and strengthens families to enable children and teens to become productive mem-bers of our community. Annually, Miami Bridge houses more than 600 children and teens and pro-vides counseling to more than 550 fami-lies. From assisting families in devel-oping the necessary skills to comfort at-risk children to empowering young-sters with opportunities to make posi-tive life choices, Miami Bridge’s many services help children overcome the challenges that confront them and re-alize their full potential. Mr. Speaker, I am so proud to rep-resent Miami Bridge, and I congratu-late its wonderful staff, its board mem-bers, and its volunteers for their tre-mendous efforts to save at-risk youth from a life of victimization and home-lessness. 
f 
RHODE ISLAND’S FISHERIES (Mr. CICILLLINE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, Rhode Island’s commercial fishing industry provides thousands of good-paying jobs and hundreds of millions of dollars of economic activity every year; but later today, the House is voting on a bill that will jeopardize this critical sector of our State’s economy. H.R. 200 under-mines the science-based catch limits that we have used in recent decades to keep fisheries sustainable for the long term. We have seen this movie before. It was just a few decades ago that Con-gress first put the science-based catch limits in place. Congress had to do so because overfishing had brought Amer-ica’s fisheries to the brink of economic and environmental collapse. It turns out the science works. Since Congress put these science-based catch limits in place, dozens of fish stocks have been brought back to sustainable levels and overfishing incidents have been cut substantially. Good-paying jobs in the fishing industry have thrived. The industry now, as a whole, generates billions of dollars in eco-nomic activity every year. H.R. 200 will reverse this progress. We cannot let it pass. It is a terrible bill that will harm fishermen in my State and all up and down the coast. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to reject this bill. f 
THE COLORBLIND BOOM IN JOBS (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, this week, Investor’s Business Daily published an editorial titled: ‘‘Colorblind Boom in Jobs.’’ The editorial begins: ‘‘It may be a surprise, but President Trump is no-where near as unpopular among minor-ity voters as the biased mainstream media suggest. Why is that? In a word, jobs. ‘‘Trump, it turns out, has been the most consequential President in his-tory when it comes to minority em-ployment. In June, for instance, the unemployment rate for Hispanics and Latinos 16 years and older fell to 4.6 percent, its lowest level ever. . . . ’’ African American unemployment of 6.5 percent ‘‘represents the second low-est unemployment reading ever for Black Americans. ‘‘As for Asian Americans, unemploy-ment similarly bounced off its all-time low. . . . ’’ ‘‘The truth is, the ripping jobs growth that began when Trump en-tered office and picked up steam after his tax cuts has been good for everyone in America—even liberal media pun-dits.’’ In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. Best wishes, Judge Brett Kavanaugh, with an impeccable record of service to be on the Supreme Court of the United States. Happy birthday, Jackson Gossett. 
f 
PENSIONS (Mr. HIGGINS of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, many Americans have worked hard their entire lives paying into pen-sion programs with the promise that, after a career of hard labor, they would have a secure transition into retire-ment. Our multiemployer pension plans, of which there are 114, covering 1.3 mil-lion workers, are severely underfunded and in trouble. The Butch Lewis Act is an important step in responsibly secur-ing the pensions that millions of Amer-ican workers have earned throughout their years of hard work. We must ensure that the pensions that American union workers have earned over a lifetime of work are pro-tected well into the future. This Con-gress needs to take action now to en-sure the promise of those who were promised after years of contributions to have a pension in their retirement years. f 
178 WORDS OF FORGOTTEN HISTORY THAT MUST BE TOLD (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 100 years ago, on November 11, 1918, the war to end all wars came to an end. Over 4 million American doughboys went off to fight on the battlefields and in the brutal trenches of Europe. Mr. Speaker, 116,000 of America’s sons and daughters were killed in combat, and 200,000 more were wounded. All the survivors of the great World War I have since died. They are no more. We must never forget their self-less sacrifices to make this world a freer place. Last year, our country finally broke ground in Washington, D.C., on a me-morial to honor their service to our country. I am privileged that Rep-resentative C
LEAVER and I helped make this memorial a reality. Forever their sacrifice for this Nation and this world will be preserved in bronze and stone in the heart of this city. May our country never forget their sacred pledge, recited in George Cohan’s song: 
We’ll be over, We’re coming over, And we won’t come back, Till it’s over, over there. 
And that is just the way it is. 
f 
SAN DIEGO PRIDE (Mrs. DAVIS of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to celebrate Pride Month in San Diego and honor our progress. In 1974, a group of LGBTQ San Diegans were denied a permit to host a pride parade. Despite facing great dan-ger, dozens bravely marched in the streets. So this weekend, over 200,000 San Diegans are expected to join to-gether to celebrate how far we have come and spread the message of equal-ity. Though we have made great progress, this month also marks the 1-year anni-versary of a lawsuit that was actually 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JY7.016 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6052 July 11, 2018 
filed against me for displaying a pride flag in front of my office. This frivo-lous lawsuit is a great reminder of why Pride Month is still necessary and why our work is never done. The pride flag symbolizes the ideals of liberty, equality, and love that this month celebrates. No lawsuit will deter me from defending these values. I am proud to be an ally in this fight and will continue to stand shoulder to shoulder with our LGBTQ community. Happy pride, San Diego. 
f 
b1215 HONORING THE LIFE OF HERB APPEL (Mr. OLSON asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, the heart and soul of Fort Bend County in my hometown of Sugar Land is in great pain today. Herb Appel put on his angel wings and joined our Lord yesterday. We are the most diverse county in America, and the best place to start a family, raise a family, and start a busi-ness because of Herb Appel. Herb was a long-time CEO of the Fort Bend Economic Development Corpora-tion. During his tenure, Schlumberger moved their North American head-quarters to Sugar Land, Smart Finan-cial Center opened, and Texas Instru-ments stayed in Fort Bend County, moving from Stafford to Sugar Land. The list goes on and on and on. Herb was called home on a cruise he took with his wife, Emelia, and most of his five kids, sixteen grandkids, and two great grandkids. He was at sea with a sea of love around him. When Herb met God yesterday, God said: Well done, good and faithful serv-ant. God bless Herb Appel. 
f 
A BETTER LIFE (Mr. JEFFRIES asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, our so- called Commander in Chief is over in Europe where he criticized some of our closest allies as being delinquent. What is wrong with him? Hypocrisy is clear-ly not a constraint to behavior. TrumpCare, the Republican healthcare plan that would strip away protections for preexisting conditions and will cause premiums, copays, and deductibles to go up, is delinquent. The Republican tax scam, where 83 percent of the benefits go to the wealthiest 1 percent in America to subsidize the lifestyles of the rich and shameless is delinquent. The fake Republican infra-structure plan that will do nothing to fix our Nation’s crumbling bridges, roads, and tunnels is delinquent. Republicans have a raw deal. Demo-crats have A Better Deal. We are going to do everything possible to make life better for the people. AMERICANS BELIEVE NEWS IS BIASED (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Gallup recently polled Americans on their perceptions of bias, inaccuracy, and misinformation in news reporting. Their survey found: Sixty-two percent said the news they read in newspapers, see on television, or hear on the radio is biased; Forty-four percent believe the news they read in newspapers, see on tele-vision, or hear on the radio is inac-curate; More than a third described the news they see on these channels as misin-formation—false or inaccurate infor-mation that is presented as if it were true. In other words, fake news. The same poll found 8 out of 10 adults feel angry or bothered by seeing biased information. It is obvious that the news media have abandoned objective, fact-based reporting and are instead promoting a liberal agenda. Their news reports only tell one side of the story: their side. Until the news media returns to objec-tive reporting, Americans will continue to view them skeptically. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF ERICK SILVA (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to remember the life of Erick Silva. Erick was a security guard at the Route 91 festival in Las Vegas on Octo-ber 1. As soon as gunshots went off, he immediately began selflessly helping people and was, unfortunately, shot in the process. Erick’s life goal was to help others by becoming a police officer. He would buy burgers for homeless people, treat relatives to dinner, and help his mom pay her bills by working long shifts and holding yard sales in his free time. Erick was humble, pure, and real. He was known for being funny and always cracking jokes. He would go above and beyond what was asked of him and would put others first. He is remem-bered as being the epitome of integrity, service, and excellence. I would like to extend my condo-lences to Erick Silva’s family and friends. Please know that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and the whole country grieve with you. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF DAVID FREYLING (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember David Freyling, a dear friend and dedi-cated patriot who passed away over the weekend. Dave’s entire life was about serving others. He served in the Army from 1956 to 1966 with the 82nd Airborne in Berlin during the construction of the Berlin Wall, and was later stationed in Korea, where he helped build roads, bridges, and other infrastructure. Dave dedicated his life to fellow vet-erans. He was the chairman of the Help for Heroes fund and the Veterans As-sistance Commission of Macon County for 13 years, and many knew him for his selflessness in getting veterans the help they need. For many years, he vol-untarily drove veterans to the Danville VA hospital nearly 90 miles away, tak-ing 389 total trips and racking up over 70,000 miles, to shuttle his fellow vet-erans to the VA to get the healthcare they deserved. He was active in his church, volun-teered with the American Red Cross, and was a prominent member of both the American Legion and the Macon County Honor Guard. He served on the Decatur Civic Center Board and worked tirelessly to bring to life the World War II Memorial in town, which was fi-nally completed in 2012, thanks to Dave’s hard work. By all accounts, Dave was a true example of patriotism and service. Words cannot express how much he will be missed. He made an immeas-urable impact on the lives of veterans and the entire Decatur community. I extend my deepest condolences to his wife, Jeannine, and to all those who knew Dave. I am so glad he got to watch the fireworks before he passed. f 
CLEMENCY FOR HAMMONDS (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank President Trump for his willingness to resolve a major in-justice. I am speaking, of course, about the news that the President has de-cided to pardon Oregon ranchers Dwight Hammond and his son, Steven Hammond. They have already served jail sen-tences for a controlled burn on their land, which was adjacent to Federal lands that were already out of control with a fire. They used the fire tool to try and keep their own land from being overcome by poorly managed Federal lands and the fires that frequently occur upon them. They served a sentence for that al-ready. Yet overzealous prosecutors, using terrorism legislation in the law, came back after them again and forced them to serve even more time, un-fairly. It was the type of law that was used in the case of the Oklahoma City bombing. Approximately 139 acres of Federal land was burned accidentally to try and stop fire. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JY7.018 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6053 July 11, 2018 
The Hammonds aren’t from my dis-trict. They are from Mr. W
ALDEN ’s dis-trict in Oregon, and I commend him for his work to help make sure this clem-ency has happened for these people. They are good citizens who are well- known in Oregon. They have relatives and many friends in my northern Cali-fornia district as well. Their case is a prime example of the previous administration’s overbearing regulation and enforcement on the users of public land, while, at the same time, their poor stewardship has caused these dangerous conditions. It is too bad they will never get the time back that they served. But I am, indeed, glad for President Trump granting clemency to the Hammond family. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, July 11, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on July 11, 2018, at 9:13 a.m.: That the Senate agrees to Conference with the House of Representatives H.R. 5515. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, July 11, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on July 11, 2018, at 11:20 a.m.: That the Senate passed S. Con. Res. 41. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 50, UNFUNDED MAN-DATES INFORMATION AND TRANSPARENCY ACT OF 2017, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDER-ATION OF H.R. 3281, RECLAMA-TION TITLE TRANSFER AND NON-FEDERAL INFRASTRUCTURE INCENTIVIZATION ACT Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 985 and ask for its immediate consider-ation. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: H. R ES. 985 Resolved, That at any time after adoption of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 50) to provide for additional safeguards with respect to im-posing Federal mandates, and for other pur-poses. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. The amendment recommended by the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform now printed in the bill shall be considered as adopted in the House and in the Committee of the Whole. The bill, as amended, shall be consid-ered as read. All points of order against pro-visions in the bill, as amended, are waived. No further amendment to the bill, as amend-ed, shall be in order except those printed in the report of the Committee on Rules accom-panying this resolution. Each such further amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for divi-sion of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such further amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill, as amended, to the House with such further amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amended, and any further amendment there-to to final passage without intervening mo-tion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. S
EC. 2. Upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 3281) to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to facilitate the transfer to non- Federal ownership of appropriate reclama-tion projects or facilities, and for other pur-poses. All points of order against consider-ation of the bill are waived. The bill shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. The previous question shall be considered as or-dered on the bill and on any amendment thereto to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on Natural Resources; and (2) one motion to re-commit. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Georgia is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. T
ORRES ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of de-bate only. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on House Resolution 985, currently under consid-eration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I am pleased to bring this rule for-ward on behalf of the Rules Committee. The rule provides for consideration of H.R. 50, the Unfunded Mandates Infor-mation and Transparency Act, and also H.R. 3281, the Reclamation Title Trans-fer and Non-Federal Infrastructure Incentivization Act. The rule provides for 1 hour of debate for each bill, equally divided by the chair and ranking member of the Over-sight and Government Reform Com-mittee and the Natural Resources Com-mittee, respectively. It also provides for a motion to recommit for each bill. Last night, the Rules Committee had the opportunity to hear from the spon-sor of H.R. 3281, Mr. L
AMBORN from Col-orado, about his bill and its importance for improving the management of water and water-related facilities. We also heard from my friend and a former Rules Committee member, Chair-woman V
IRGINIA FOXX, on H.R. 50, which she introduced. b1230 Mr. Speaker, both of these bills are, at their core, about promoting effec-tive government and enhancing the co-operation and collaboration between the government and non-Federal enti-ties. The Federal Government has its hands in a lot of things. That is not al-ways a bad thing, but we see far too many instances where Federal involve-ment does more harm than good. That is why Republicans in this Chamber are committed to reining in the Federal Government where it needs to be reined in, to increasing its efficiency and transparency, and to giving the American people a louder voice in the decisions that impact them. H.R. 3281, the Reclamation Title Transfer and Non-Federal Infrastruc-ture Incentivization Act, empowers water users and seeks to reduce the ad-ministrative paperwork and liability Federal taxpayers bear by streamlining the process through which some Bu-reau of Reclamation projects are trans-ferred to non-Federal entities. Today, the Bureau of Reclamation is the Nation’s largest wholesale water supplier, providing one out of five Western farmers with irrigation water and delivering trillions of gallons to people annually. Under the current law, the BOR is al-lowed to transfer day-to-day oper-ational and maintenance responsibil-ities to project beneficiaries, but the Bureau cannot transfer title or owner-ship of any of these facilities unless 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JY7.020 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6054 July 11, 2018 
Congress specifically enacts legislation authorizing such a transfer. This legislation recognizes that Fed-eral bureaucracy is not doing any fa-vors for water users or for aging infra-structure projects. That is why this bill focuses on empowering local water users and incentivizing non-Federal in-vestment in water infrastructure. This bill helps reduce regulatory paperwork and the Federal backlog on water in-frastructure repair, while increasing ef-ficiencies for water users. Where Congress can streamline Fed-eral operations and increase local con-trol to the benefit of taxpayers and end users, we should act. H.R. 3281 is a step toward accomplishing both of these goals on Bureau of Reclamation projects. On the next bill, Mr. Speaker, the rule provides for consideration of H.R. 50, the Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act. As I mentioned earlier, this bill continues the trend of empowering State and local govern-ments and lightening the grip of the Federal Government. In 1995, Congress acted through the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act to pre-vent the imposition of burdensome and costly Federal unfunded mandates on State and local governments. That was a worthy goal 23 years ago and remains so today. As a former appropriator at the State level in the State of Georgia, I under-stand, many times, what good-inten-tioned work from up here can do, actu-ally, on impacts to State budgets and local budgets, and this is a worthy goal for us to take up. It has become clear, however, un-funded mandates are slipping through the cracks or, perhaps more accu-rately, flooding through gaping holes in the system. In fact, according to an Office of Management and Budget re-port, unfunded mandates and Federal regulations cost States, cities, and the public between $44 billion and $62 bil-lion annually. Even in a town used to throwing around big numbers, that is a big number. Mr. Speaker, I know the commu-nities in my home of northeast Georgia often struggle to make ends meet. Local governments are rarely flush with cash, and they have to make tough decisions about what priorities receive funding, and in what amounts, in order to best serve their commu-nities. Unfunded mandates, particu-larly the unexpected ones, can signifi-cantly hamper those efforts. In fact, in recognition of this prob-lem and in pursuit of a solution, those who are most affected by the issue of unfunded mandates—State and local governments—overwhelmingly support this legislation. The so-called Big 7 organizations rep-resenting the State and local govern-ments and officials—the National Gov-ernors Association, the National Asso-ciation of Counties, the National League of Cities, the United States Conference of Mayors, the Council of State Governments, the National Con-ference of State Legislatures, and the International City/County Manage-ment Association—sent a letter earlier this year urging enactment of H.R. 50. The Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act represents the type of action Congress is supposed to take. It identifies a problem, it ac-knowledges the need for policy up-dates, and it incorporates stakeholder feedback in order to solve that prob-lem. The bill provided for by this rule closes loopholes in the Unfunded Man-dates Reform Act and applies the re-quirements of that law to independent agencies. The bill provides for ex-panded input from State, local, and Tribal governments, as well as from the private sector, by requiring agen-cies to consult with the government and with the private sector when they are developing significant regulatory mandates. Mr. Speaker, the importance of this update to the law cannot be overstated. I believe that the men and women eking out a living or building a busi-ness on the ground know what prob-lems exist and how to remedy them better than the people who are cur-rently residing in cubicles in Wash-ington, D.C. When bureaucrats are writing regula-tions that impact northeast Georgians, they need to consult with and glean in-sight from northeast Georgians. They also need to understand that what works for northeast Georgia might not work for southeast Georgia, Alabama, Nevada, Maine, Ohio, or anywhere else besides where they are. If the Federal Government is going to implement regulations that impact private entities—which they do far too often, with far too little benefit, in my opinion—those entities need to have and deserve a voice in the process. H.R. 50 helps give the private sector that agency. It also requires rules that aren’t preceded by a notice of proposed rulemaking to undergo a UMRA anal-ysis if the effects on State, local, and private sectors total $100 million or more. The bill codifies longstanding regulatory principles regarding cost- benefit analysis and when to regulate, and supports more accurate economic analysis. Mr. Speaker, the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act was designed to promote informed decisionmaking throughout the legislative and regulatory process, in consultation with the entities af-fected by those processes. Those goals are just as important, if not more im-portant, today as when the UMRA was originally signed into law in 1995. Congress needs to take responsibility to help reduce the burdens regulatory agencies have placed on State and local governments, as well as private enti-ties. Without question, Congress must work to close these loopholes and re-duce bureaucracy. These are the simple concepts, Mr. Speaker: Unnecessary, burdensome Federal regulations should be identi-fied and reconsidered, and the people and businesses impacted by regulations should have a voice in the regulatory process. I believe government can operate more efficiently and effectively when we give local stakeholders a voice, when we seek to increase efficiency and remove unwieldy mandates, and when we work to reduce the Federal bureaucracy. The bill provided for by this rule takes steps in doing just that. I believe that they are steps that we in the House should support to help American communities, citizens, and consumers. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me the cus-tomary 30 minutes, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. This rule makes in order two bills and four amendments: H.R. 50, Un-funded Mandates Information and Transparency Act of 2017; and H.R. 3281, Reclamation Title Transfer and Non-Federal Infrastructure Incentivi-zation Act. H.R. 50 amends the Unfunded Man-dates Reform Act of 1995 and the Con-gressional Budget Act of 1974. This is a bill that Congress already voted on in 2015 in nearly a party-line vote in the House before dying in the Senate. I understand my colleagues think that this is a very important issue. As a former mayor and council member, I know how difficult Federal regulations can be to implement. This legislation, however, does nothing except grind progress to a standstill, blocking im-provements to our Nation’s health, safety, and environmental protections. Perhaps that is why this rule also makes in order H.R. 3281, which as-saults our Nation’s environmental and health standards in a different way. This legislation, which I opposed in the Natural Resources Committee, would authorize a de facto privatization of Federal infrastructure across the West-ern U.S., all while stiffing our tax-payers. The bill does not require that tax-payers be compensated for the loss of publicly owned land and mineral inter-ests. Imagine, once again, this Con-gress is putting the interests of private business ahead of our hardworking tax-payers. This legislation is a proposal from President Trump’s infrastructure plan, which largely seeks to enrich devel-opers and private businesses at the ex-pense of our hardworking taxpayers and the general public as a whole. I could understand spending time on these bills if we had finished the press-ing work before us, but with thou-sands—and I mean thousands—of chil-dren still separated from their parents due to the cruel actions of this admin-istration, is this really what we are spending time on? Where are the moral priorities and family values of this Congress? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JY7.024 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6055 July 11, 2018 
I have spoken with the Department of Homeland Security, and I have spo-ken with the HHS Office of Refugee Re-settlement, and there has been one constant answer from both of them: They have absolutely no idea what they are doing, no idea where the par-ents of these children are, no idea how many children have been put into fos-ter care, no idea when these families will be reunited, and no idea what comes next. Congress has a responsibility to act, not next week, not next month, not next year, but today. Once we leave for August recess, let me remind you, it will be 39 days before we come back. That means 39 more days that we are going to allow children to be held in detention, in cages, in cold cells, with-out their parents. The Trump administration has al-ready missed the first deadline to re-unite families. What assurances do we have that they won’t miss the second deadline, or the third one, or possibly the fourth one? How many more dead-lines does this Congress, this adminis-tration, need before we realize that we are complicit—complicit—in sepa-rating children from their parents who care about them? And while we have them in our cus-tody, we are complicit in not properly taking care of them. ‘‘Full of dirt and lice,’’ that is how an immigrant moth-er described her 14-month-old baby son who had been returned to her after 85 days of separation. We must act because this administra-tion chooses not to. Failure to do so will mean more families are broken forever, more families like Yasmin’s. On May 22, Yasmin and her two teen-age daughters entered the United States and were immediately appre-hended and then separated. The mother was transferred to the McAllen holding center—also known as the dog pound, as they call it—with a group of other separated mothers. After 7 days, the mothers were told that they would be deported without their children. Many of the mothers fainted when they heard this news. One mother had a seizure in a cell. After appearing in court, Yasmin was hand-cuffed, shackled, and given no informa-tion on the status of her children. Family values. After being transferred to another detention center, Yasmin was informed that her daughters had been reunited with their father. But Yasmin still re-mains in a detention center, where she has gone more than a month separated from her children. She has received ab-solutely no information about when she will see her children again and must simply wait and pray. Family values. These people are fleeing for their lives to the promise and safety of the United States, and we aren’t even con-sidering their asylum cases. Let me tell you another story, Mr. Speaker. A woman from El Salvador decided to flee to the U.S. with her two young boys, ages 4 and 10, after receiv-ing grave threats from MS–13 gang members. Prior to fleeing to the U.S., she had sought protection from Salva-doran authorities through the legal process but had not received any pro-tection. In March of this year, she presented herself to the border officials, after making a conscious decision not to enter the U.S. at an official port of entry. She had learned that CBP offi-cials are turning away asylum seekers in direct—direct—violation of the United States and the Universal Dec-laration of Human Rights. The mother and her two boys were apprehended and taken to a Border Pa-trol processing station. The mother was sent to an adult detention center in Laredo, and the boys were sent to a shelter for unaccompanied children under the Office of Refugee Resettle-ment within Health and Human Serv-ices. At one point, the brothers were sepa-rated from one another and placed into two separate foster homes, but were eventually reunited and released to family on the East Coast. Under current law and procedure— something this Congress could change today—the children have absolutely no right to an appointed lawyer. Without their mother to speak on their behalf, the 4-year-old and the 10-year-old boys must make a case for asylum on their own in separate court cases. b1245 This is what we could be doing today: One, fixing the broken laws that have toddlers, toddlers who are barely out of diapers, representing themselves in court and fixing the root causes of these issues with the Central American Family Protection and Reunification Act, legislation I have offered with Ranking Member E
NGEL . I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this rule so that we can use our limited time here to act, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, if we de-feat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up H.J. Res. 31, sponsored by Representa-tives D
EUTCH and M CGOVERN and R
ASKIN , which would reserve Supreme Court decisions like Citizens United by enshrining in the Constitution of the United States a democracy for all amendments, establishing the right of the American people to enact State and Federal laws that regulate spend-ing in public elections. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of my amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from California? There was no objection. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
EUTCH ) to discuss this proposal. Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, and, Mr. Speaker, this pro-posed constitutional amendment will overturn Citizens United and will put voters back in charge of Washington. Over 90 percent of American voters want background checks on gun sales; three-quarters want aggressive action on climate change; 85 percent want guaranteed paid sick leave; and 75 per-cent of the people in our country think we ought to raise the minimum wage. The problem is these are the prior-ities of voters instead of the priorities of donors, and right now, in this House, donors call the shots. Ninety-three per-cent of Americans believe that we don’t hear their voices. The cynicism is deep and it is bipartisan. Only 5 percent of Republicans and 6 percent of Democrats believe that their views are heard by their elected Rep-resentatives. Why? The Supreme Court’s disastrous Citizens United deci-sion held that unlimited election spending doesn’t corrupt our political system. The Citizens United decision was wrong. To American voters, our Con-gress and our government institutions look like they are bought and paid for. In recent elections, just 150 wealthy families and the corporations that they control have flooded our elections with hundreds of millions of dollars. That money buys something. Unlimited money in our elections too often deter-mines who can afford to run and sets the legislative agenda here in Wash-ington. Here is what needs to be asked: If your family can’t answer a politician’s phone call when they ask for a dona-tion, if they can’t afford billboards and television ad buys, how are their voices being heard? It doesn’t matter whether a wealthy donor supports policies on the left or right. Each side has its billionaires. Let’s be clear about that. But none of them should be able to spend unlimited resources in our election. Unlimited spending doesn’t produce more speech. It produces louder speech. It compromises the free speech rights of everyone else in America. It cor-rupts elections when people are sent to Washington to work on behalf of cor-porate interests rather than voters’ in-terests. And it leaves our elections vul-nerable to attacks from foreign adver-saries. Mr. Speaker, it is time to get big money out of politics; it is time to get secret, dark money out of our elec-tions; and it is time to get foreign money out of our campaigns. Mr. Speaker, my colleagues, for the sake of our democracy, it is time to overturn Citizens United and put vot-ers back in charge of Washington. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Massa-chusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ), the distin-guished ranking member of the Com-mittee on Rules, who has been a leader 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JY7.025 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6056 July 11, 2018 
on this issue of money and politics for years. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding me the time. Mr. Speaker, I want to join with my colleagues to urge Members to vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question so we can bring to the floor the Deutch- McGovern-Raskin bill and so we can at long last have a debate on campaign fi-nance. The fact of the matter is there is too much money in our politics. The fact of the matter is that this money has a corrupting influence on our politics. Look at the bills that come before this House of Representatives. It is not about empowering people. It is always about a giveaway to a big corporation, changing the rules on who can sit on scientific advisory boards to include corporate cronies. The tax bill that my Republican friends brought to the House floor that they voted on and that they take such pride in, basically 85 percent of those benefits went to the top 1 percent in-come earners in this country. The bottom line is this place is be-coming a place where money can buy anything. There is a culture of corrup-tion that exists in this House of Rep-resentatives. There is a culture of cor-ruption that exists in this White House, and people are sick of it. When I talk to audiences back home—they could be liberal audiences or conservative audiences—the two issues that I mention where everybody nods approvingly are when I say that there is too much money in politics, everybody says ‘‘yes.’’ And then when I say that Congress is dysfunctional, they all nod their heads approvingly. Enough. We need to change this sys-tem. People all across the country, an overwhelming majority, want us to change the way we do our politics. They believe that they should have the power, not corporate special interests, not people who are the wealthiest in this country. Let’s give the people of this country what they want. Let’s have their voices matter more than the special interest groups. We have tried time and time and time again to bring these issues to the floor, and we are constantly rebuked. Look, we shouldn’t be surprised, be-cause this is now the most closed Con-gress in the history of the United States of America: more amendments routinely get denied in the Rules Com-mittee; more bills have come to the floor under a completely closed proc-ess. We debate bills, again, that benefit the well-off and the well-connected. We ought to debate some bills that help regular people. And having a real de-bate on campaign finance reform, hav-ing a real debate on how we get big money out of our politics is an issue we should be dealing with right now. It is what the American people want. Let’s do, for once, what the American people want; let’s do what our con-stituents want; and, Mr. Speaker, let me just finish by saying we can have that debate by voting ‘‘no’’ on the pre-vious question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gen-tleman from Massachusetts. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, let me repeat that to my colleagues, espe-cially those on the Republican side. If you vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question, we can have this debate. We can have a debate about how we get big money out of politics. We can have a debate about how we drain the swamp, how we clean this place up. You can go around and say you want to drain the swamp. That is just rhet-oric, because what you are really doing is you are helping the well-off and the well-connected. The people who give the most money, they get their legislation to the floor. Regular people routinely get their in-terests blocked in this Chamber. It is time to clean up this place. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ari-zona (Mr. G
ALLEGO ) to speak on the continuing horror stories about what has happened at our Nation’s border. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to share the story of a young mother. Her name is Rosa. Just like my mom, she came to America in search of a better life. Rosa’s home was in Trujillo, Hon-duras, where she lived with her aging parents and her son, Juan. Violent gangs controlled the town, and Rosa feared her young son would be targeted like so many others in her neighbor-hood. Under these desperate circumstances, Rosa did what any loving mother would do. She took her modest life sav-ings and her son and fled north in search of safety. When they finally made it to the U.S. border near Yuma, Arizona, Rosa and Juan were met by American authorities who asked her an ominous question: Don’t you know we’re separating children from their families here? She told them no, but it was too late. Rosa and Juan are still separated. Mr. Speaker, the administration is now reuniting a small number of these families due, in part, to Donald Trump’s orders. But let’s be clear. This isn’t happening out of concern for their welfare. As usual, Donald Trump is only doing the right thing because a court is making him do it. Trump still wants to set up tent camps in our military bases. He still wants to eviscerate legal protections for migrant children, and he still wants to lock up families. Donald Trump’s goal is to present mothers and children fleeing unspeakable violence with an impossible choice: immediate deporta-tion or indefinite detention. That is ap-palling. On the other hand, the Members of this body have an easy choice: make excuses for Trump, or take a stand against the state-sponsored mistreat-ment of children. It is not a tough deci-sion. We know what we need to do. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. CORREA ). Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, as you know, many of us in Congress and the Nation are working hard to reunite children with their parents. Family re-unification should be a time of joy, but, sadly, that is not always the case. One mother waited for 4 months to wrap her arms around her little boy. Another mother waited 3 months. These should be moments of joy, yet, when the children did not recognize their parents, this became a troubling situation. As a father of four, I know what it is to be loved by your children. As a fa-ther of four, I know what that parent- child relationship is like. To have chil-dren that fail to recognize you after a number of months because you haven’t seen them, well, that is just not right. The separation of immigrants from their children is just unconstitutional, un-American, and simply wrong, and I demand that all families be united im-mediately. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentle-woman from California for yielding. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to close. One final story to remind all of us what is at stake here. Earlier this year, a Honduran father was separated from his wife and child just days after President Trump’s zero- tolerance policies went into effect. Marco Antonio Munoz crossed the Rio Grande with his wife and 3-year-old son on May 12 near the tiny town of Granjeno, Texas. Soon after Marco and his family were taken into custody, they arrived at a processing station in nearby McAllen and said they wanted to apply for asylum. Border Patrol agents told the family that they would be separated. That is when Border Patrol officials literally ripped Marco’s child from his arms. At no point did Marco attempt to attack or assault the Border Patrol staff, but due to his anguish, he was placed into a padded isolation cell. Marco began to pray, pray for his family and pray for their safety. Hours passed, and the next morning, after re-ceiving no information about where his family was or when he would see them next, Marco took his life. Family values. This is the law and order President Trump has no respect for either. He is disrespecting the rule of law and vio-lating court orders by detaining chil-dren, babies, and he is creating 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JY7.027 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6057 July 11, 2018 
hysteria among families and confusion among Border Patrol and HHS offi-cials. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose the previous question and the rule because we can do better than this. We have family values that we must stand for, and I urge my col-leagues to oppose this. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. b1300 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself the balance of the time. Mr. Speaker, I will close by para-phrasing a comment that the Honor-able Chairwoman F
OXXmade yesterday evening in the Rules Committee. By the way, I want to bring it back: There is a lot of discussion that we are going to have, but, actually, the rule is about two bills that my friends didn’t discuss at all. I hope they vote yes on that, so we can move legislation that has helped move the bureaucracy out of the way, so that things can actually, with common sense, get done. We don’t choose to talk about that. We have a lot of issues. I am in agree-ment on a lot of things that we need to do. We need to fix our immigration sys-tem. But today, let’s remind ourselves on the floor what we are doing. It is a rule to deal with two specific bills deal-ing with regulatory issues. Ms. F
OXX said this yesterday in far more eloquent words than I am offering right now, that those opposed to the Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act are those who sup-port unbridled regulations. I do not support unbridled regula-tions. I think there are some good reg-ulations, and I think there are some regulations that are necessary. Far too often, we see the Federal Government flooding our community with regula-tions that do little to achieve their in-tended benefits, yet come with massive bills, and Washington expects the American people to foot the bill. Maybe my friends across the aisle enjoy that. Maybe my friends across the aisle want that to continue to hap-pen. Maybe my friends across the aisle who want to vote no on this want to continue to see this happen. We don’t. We believe that there is a better way. The bills provided for by this rule recognize the role of the Federal Gov-ernment, but they take needed steps to magnify the voices of those closest to the issues. I support this rule, and I support the underlying bills. I encourage all to do so and look at it honestly from the per-spective of those who pay our bills, the people who pay the bills for this gov-ernment, the ones who go to work every day, who pay their taxes, who want their government to do what the government is supposed to do and stay out of the areas where they are not supposed to be. This is what this is about, Mr. Speak-er, plain and simple, bringing it back to the truth of the rule that we are de-bating, and that is what I believe is im-portant. Mr. Speaker, I support this rule and the underlying bill, and I urge my col-leagues to do the same. The material previously referred to by Mrs. TORRES is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 985 O FFERED BY  M
RS. TORRES  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC. 3. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the joint resolution (H. J. Res. 31) proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States relating to contribu-tions and expenditures intended to affect elections. The first reading of the joint reso-lution shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the joint reso-lution are waived. General debate shall be confined to the joint resolution and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. After general debate the joint resolution shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the joint resolution are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the joint resolution for amendment the Com-mittee shall rise and report the joint resolu-tion to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous ques-tion shall be considered as ordered on the joint resolution and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion ex-cept one motion to recommit with or with-out instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no resolution on the joint resolution, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the joint resolution. S
EC. 4. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of House Joint Resolution 31. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule . . . When the mo-tion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida). The ques-tion is on ordering the previous ques-tion. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 200, STRENGTHENING FISHING COMMUNITIES AND IN-CREASING FLEXIBILITY IN FISH-ERIES MANAGEMENT ACT Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, by direc-tion of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 965 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 965 Resolved, That at any time after adoption of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JY7.029 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6058 July 11, 2018 
to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 200) to amend the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act to provide flexibility for fishery managers and stability for fisher-men, and for other purposes. The first read-ing of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be con-fined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Natural Resources. After gen-eral debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. It shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Natural Resources now print-ed in the bill. The committee amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. All points of order against the com-mittee amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute are waived. No amendment to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debat-able for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the pro-ponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. Any Member may demand a separate vote in the House on any amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole to the bill or to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amend-ments thereto to final passage without inter-vening motion except one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Alabama is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Alabama? There was no objection. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, House Res-olution 965 provides for consideration of H.R. 200, the Strengthening Fishing Communities and Increasing Flexi-bility in Fisheries Management Act. This structured rule makes in order 11 amendments, including 4 minority and 2 bipartisan amendments. Mr. Speaker, I was born and raised in coastal Alabama, so I have spent my entire life experiencing the long-held tradition of fishing off the Gulf Coast. Some of my best memories growing up were fishing with my family, and I have carried on that same tradition with my children. I look forward to fishing with my grandchildren once they get a little older. This isn’t a tradition unique to the Gulf Coast. All along America’s shores, countless families and friends have made so many memories while fishing. No one wants to be a better steward of our Nation’s fisheries than those of us who actually enjoy fishing. No one wants a healthier fish stock than those of us who have spent our lives on the water. That is where H.R. 200 comes in. This bill includes commonsense reforms to ensure that our Nation’s fisheries re-main strong, while also being acces-sible to fishermen from every walk of life. Now, I know this bill is about much more than just those of us who like to fish recreationally. Commercial fishing is a major economic engine in many of our coastal communities, so the bill also ensures access to our oceans and ocean resources for our commercial fishermen. Just consider these numbers that demonstrate the overall impact of fish-ing on the U.S. economy: In 2015, the fishing industry gen-erated $208 billion in sales and sup-ported 1.62 million American jobs. Approximately 11 million saltwater anglers spent a total of $60.9 million on fishing trips, which generated roughly $22.7 billion in income. And I want to make one other point. The underlying bill will also ensure that all Americans have access to fresh, sustainable seafood. That is im-portant to our Nation’s restaurants, but it is also especially important to seafood lovers like me. If you doubt the importance of the fishing sector, let me tell you about red snapper fishing in my home State of Alabama. It is a major economic driver for our coastal communities. From restaurants, to gas stations, to bait and tackle shops, to the charter boat industry, red snapper fishing is critically important to the economy in our coastal communities and sur-rounding areas. Unfortunately, the Federal Govern-ment has failed for years to adequately count the number of red snapper in the Gulf. This has resulted in ridiculously short red snapper seasons, which hurt our fishermen and the economies in our coastal communities. So, how bad was the Federal Govern-ment in counting red snapper? Well, they weren’t even sampling for red snapper on reefs, despite the fact that red snapper are reef fish. It made abso-lutely no sense. Colleges and universities, like the University of South Alabama, have been able to do a much better job of as-sessing the health of the red snapper stock with far fewer resources. Their data has proven to be much more accu-rate and up to date. Thankfully, along with my Gulf Coast colleagues, we have been able to work with the Trump administration and the Commerce Department to en-sure adequate recreational red snapper seasons over the last 2 years. But this bill includes reforms I authored to help fix the mismanagement of red snapper for all sectors, once and for all. That means allowing for greater State con-trol, especially as it relates to stock assessments and data collection. That is one of the best things about H.R. 200. The bill eliminates unscien-tific timeframes to rebuild fish stocks that unnecessarily restrict access to fisheries. Our national fishery policy should be based on sound, accurate data. The bill goes against the Wash-ington-knows-best approach that has failed so many times in the past. By providing greater flexibility to fishery managers, we can allow for better man-agement strategies that reflect re-gional needs and demands. We should empower people who live and work in the local communities, instead of let-ting bureaucrats in Washington decide what works best. As I mentioned earlier, the bill will allow more Americans to have access to fresh, sustainable seafood. Cur-rently, around 90 percent of seafood consumed in the United States is im-ported. This is especially troubling when you consider that we have an abundance of fish right here in our own waters. With reforms included in this bill, we can boost access to affordable domestic fish. Mr. Speaker, by passing H.R. 200, the House can support our Nation’s fisher-men, American consumers, our coastal communities, and the overall Amer-ican economy. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting House Resolution 965 and the underlying bill, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume, and I thank the gentleman for yielding me the customary 30 minutes. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the rule for H.R. 200, the Strengthening Fishing Communities and Increasing Flexibility in Fisheries Management Act. It should be better called the empty oceans act. H.R. 200 really risks rolling back science-based conservation efforts, de-stroying jobs, and hurting our fisheries and fish stocks. It undermines success-ful sustainable fishery management put in place by the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act. That is why so many fishermen, scientists, and business owners have come out in opposition to the empty oceans act. Many people whose liveli-hood comes from the sea have ex-pressed reservations about the job-de-stroying provisions of H.R. 200 and how it poses a threat to the commercial fishing industry and their jobs, which rely on sustainable practices. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JY7.006 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6059 July 11, 2018 
The Seafood Harvesters of America, a leading trade organization for fisher-men, authored a letter expressing their concerns with the bill. More than 1,000 individuals and organizations have ex-pressed their opposition. I had a num-ber of fishermen come by my office today, telling me that this bill could cost them their jobs. Since its passage, the goal of Magnu-son-Stevens has never wavered: man-aging fisheries to ensure sustainability while, of course, realizing the potential of the resource. Magnuson-Stevens takes a bottom-up approach to re-source management where stake-holders on regional fishery manage-ment councils work to meet the science-based criteria outlined by the law. We have some success with this ap-proach. Since the year 2000, we have seen 44 previously depleted fish stocks rebuilt. Currently, 84 percent of fish stocks are no longer overfished. In 1976, Magnuson-Stevens was passed to end unregulated fishing pre-dominantly by foreign fleets and to de-velop our own American fleets that could benefit from our abundant fish-eries. The act was strengthened in 1996 and 2006 through bipartisan reauthor-izations that established science-based fishery management reforms. The 1996 reauthorization of Magnu-son-Stevens bolstered requirements to prevent overfishing and rebuild fish stocks. And, in 2006, a bipartisan au-thorization maintained the commit-ment to sustainable fisheries, including accountability and catch limits. These bipartisan efforts succeeded to help create the sustainable fisheries that support coastal economies throughout America and, of course, consumers both in America and worldwide. Unfortunately, unlike past reauthor-izations, H.R. 200 was crafted through a partisan committee process intent on dismantling much of the progress made by Magnuson-Stevens over the last 40 years. In fact, the bill was reported in a party-line vote—Republicans for; Democrats against—with the Repub-licans continuing to reject attempts to come up with a broad bipartisan ap-proach, as this bill has traditionally been done, that supports both commer-cial and recreational fishing interests and, of course, maintaining science- based reforms around sustainability. b1315 Sadly, H.R. 200 inserts politics into how we manage our fisheries in several crucial areas. The bill erodes the role that science plays in managing our fisheries. The bill guts science-based annual catch limit requirements through the creation of many exemptions for key species. These exemptions include many smaller fish that are absolutely critical as prey for valuable commer-cial and recreational predator species as part of a delicately balanced eco-system. Hundreds of other species are exempted through this bill which dra-matically increases the chances that overfishing will occur, leading to the devastation, both for sportsmen and commercial fishermen. Catch limits are important to help conserve fisheries and are among the most successful provisions of the Mag-nuson-Stevens Act. By eroding those provisions, this bill would allow for a long-term depletion of fish stocks. It can devastate the economies of local communities, destroy jobs, and threat-en the recovery and stability of our ocean ecosystems. This bill also weakens the data col-lection requirements that ensure that data-driven, science-based manage-ment is used for our fisheries. Data is currently collected through a broad range of sources, and the determina-tion of the best available data is used by NOAA Fisheries and the regional fishery management councils. H.R. 200 would weaken data collection processes and harm the role of science in success-ful management of our fishery re-sources. Weakening science-based provisions is only one of the ways that this bill inserts politics into what should be a scientific question, the management of our fisheries. This bill not only erodes science-based management practices, but it rolls back meaningful account-ability requirements for recreational anglers. Large groups representing a few members of the fishing community and businesses that sell equipment and boats want to see that these jobs are sustained over time. According to data from the Rec-reational Boating & Fishing Founda-tion released in May of 2018, participa-tion in recreational fishing has in-creased for the past 2 years; 49 million Americans went fishing in 2017, an in-crease over the prior year. So the rec-reational side is strong under the cur-rent provisions of Magnuson-Stevens. And, of course, recreational fisher-men are not the only beneficiaries of the science-based approach. According to the National Marine Manufacturers Association, U.S. sales of boats and marine products increased 7 percent since the last passage in 2016. So from 2016 to 2017, we saw a number of States: Florida, Texas, Michigan, North Carolina, Minnesota, California, Wisconsin, South Carolina, and Geor-gia, with double-digit increases in the sales of new boats, engines, trailers, and accessories, creating good jobs for Americans. Recreational anglers and the busi-nesses that rely upon their support are doing well and thriving, and this growth is a direct result of science- based fishery management practices fostered by Magnuson that this very bill would systematically dismantle, destroying good American jobs. Instead of destroying jobs, what the Magnuson-Stevens Act does is ensure that our maritime industries will thrive now and in the future. And be-cause of the success of Magnuson-Ste-vens, U.S. fisheries are stabilizing and rebounding. With the bill working as intended, it would be absurd to pass this bill and roll back these very policies that have led to job creation and growth, in-creased enjoyment for recreational fishermen, and better sustainable prac-tices of ecosystem management. The Empty Oceans Act also inserts dangerous loopholes into Magnuson and it is including exemptions to re-building requirements that have helped recover successfully depleted fish stocks. H.R. 200 potentially exempts hun-dreds of species from annual catch lim-its. That can dramatically increase overfishing, and overfishing may seem to some lucrative, or to some fun in the short-term, but of course it has devastating and nonsustainable con-sequences for our coastal communities that economically depend on the vital industries of recreational fishing and sports fishing. These exemptions increase the chance of overfishing and lengthen the time it takes to rebuild depleted stocks to healthy levels, if ever. These loopholes have a devastating effect as well on the commercial fish-ing industry and on consumers across the country that enjoy eating healthy fish. In 2015, commercial and rec-reational saltwater fishing generated $208 billion in revenue, supported 1.6 million jobs, and supported the healthy dining habits of hundreds of millions of American consumers, billions world-wide. These economic benefits not only support recreational anglers and com-mercial fishing interests but entire towns and cities that rely on sports fishermen, recreational and commer-cial, as the entire hub of their econ-omy. If the Empty Oceans Act were to pass, the long-term prospects of so many communities would be dev-astated. So I think it is important to have a thoughtful look at how we can continue the bipartisan tradition of building upon the progress of the Mag-nuson-Stevens Act, making corrections where we need to, but making sure that we put science first in our ocean stewardship, and making sure that we have a sustainable approach to rec-reational and commercial fishing. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. The gentleman referenced a letter from the Seafood Harvesters of Amer-ica. In their letter dated June 21 of 2018, this group claims that section 12 of the bill repeals a section of the MSA. There hasn’t been a section 12 in this bill since November of 2017. There is no section 12. The letter also claims that section 4 undermines rebuilding timelines. Sec-tion 4 of this bill simply states that all references in H.R. 200 are to the Mag-nuson-Stevens Act, unless otherwise stated; doesn’t do anything like what is claimed. As the most egregious example, this group is so committed to opposing this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JY7.034 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6060 July 11, 2018 
bill, no matter what changes we make, they reference a bill that, for all in-tents and purposes, no longer exists. The gentleman also said something about this bill being job-destroying. Mr. Speaker, let me tell you about the destruction of jobs. When the present regime was running the fishery in the Gulf of Mexico for red snapper, they limited the number of days for fishing to such a small number that it destroyed hundreds, if not thousands of jobs across just my part of the Gulf Coast when people were no longer al-lowed to go out and go snapper fishing. Charter boat folks lost their jobs. People that sell ice or bait lost their jobs. It was the Federal bureaucracy that was destroying jobs. This bill will give us a commonsense regime that will restore jobs. So, far from being a job-destroying bill, this bill is going to create jobs. The gentleman also referred to a bot-toms-up approach. I have been working on this issue for over 4 years, and I can tell you, the bottom, which is us rec-reational fishermen, we haven’t been listened to one single time by the Fed-eral bureaucracy. They closed their doors in our face. If you want to have a bottoms-up ap-proach to this sort of thing, this bill supplies it. What we have got right now certainly doesn’t do it. One of the most important things that is involved here is, who does the science? Do you let a bunch of Federal scientists far away from where the fisheries are make these decisions? Or do you let scientists that are in the areas where the fisheries exist, do you let them do the science? I am not talking about just any Tom, Dick, or Harry out there that calls himself a scientist. I am talking about Ph.D. scientists with accredited uni-versities who know the fishery. This bill would allow that to happen, so that you could get good, accurate data, be-cause they don’t have it today. Let me go back to what I said ini-tially on the red snapper issue. The Federal scientists were sampling for red snapper on sandy bottom. These are reef fish. You are not going to find reef fish on sandy bottom. You find them on reefs. And if you talk to real scientists, they will tell you there is no way you are going to get an accurate assessment of this fish stock if you are looking for them on sandy bottom. You have got to look for them on reefs. Let me tell you, there are over 170 groups that have signed on to being supportive of this bill. I do not have time to read all the names to you, but let me just read a few. The first one is the Congressional Sportsmen’s Founda-tion. I go to their events up here, like many other Members of Congress. When I was at one just recently, there were hundreds of Members of Congress there from both parties. It couldn’t get to be any bigger, and it couldn’t get to be any more bipartisan. The Coastal Conservation Associa-tion, the Premier Recreational Anglers Association in America, the Theodore Roosevelt Conservation Partnership, the National Marine Manufacturers As-sociation, which the gentleman re-ferred to as if they were opposed to it. They support the bill. The National Coalition for Fishing Communities and the Guy Harvey Ocean Foundation. This is a very broadly, deeply supported bill among people who are actually fishing. Now, it may not be supported by peo-ple who don’t fish and who don’t know anything about fishing; but for those of us who do fish, whether we are com-mercial fishermen or recreational fish-ermen, we like it. And it is time for Congress to under-stand that the waters of the United States of America do not belong to the Congress, and they do not belong to these Federal departments and agen-cies. They belong to the people of America, and the people of America have a right to fish in their waters. This bill will help restore that. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2
1⁄2 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. C
ARBAJAL ). Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague for yielding me time to voice my opposition to the rule which provides for consideration of H.R. 200. As it is currently written, H.R. 200 would undermine the conservation gains we have made over the last 2 dec-ades under the Magnuson-Stevens Act, MSA, to prevent overfishing and en-courage sustainable fisheries manage-ment. Before reforms were made to the MSA in 1996 and 2006, many fisheries lacked the sustainable quotas and re-quirements to rebuild depleted stocks. As a result, countless fisheries and fishermen around the country suffered the consequences. Since Congress changed the law to ensure science-based quotas applied, 44 fisheries around the country have now been restored to healthy levels. The number of stocks that remain over-fished is at an all-time low. H.R. 200 would weaken core sustain-ability provisions of the MSA. This is a misguided attempt to provide rec-reational fishermen short-term access at the needless expense of both com-mercial fishermen and the long-term health of our fisheries. This hurts our coastal communities and businesses that depend on a robust fishing indus-try and its products. Additionally, H.R. 200 fails to suffi-ciently fund stock assessments to en-sure effective and efficient manage-ment of our Nation’s fisheries. I offered an amendment to authorize an additional $25 million for stock as-sessments. These funds would allow NOAA to conduct more fishery surveys, which would yield better data and can help reduce the buffers on fishing quotas. With this funding and research, fish-ermen can increase their catch rate, while decreasing the uncertainty in the sustainability of a fishery. Unfortu-nately, the majority at the Rules Com-mittee decided not to make my amend-ment in order—let me repeat that—de-cided not to make my amendment in order, which would have allowed the House to debate this important issue. Mr. Speaker, as a Representative serving the vibrant Central Coast com-mercial fishing industry in California. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. POLIS. I yield the gentleman from California an additional 30 sec-onds. Mr. CARBAJAL. I strongly urge my colleagues to oppose this rule. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I appreciate the gentleman’s re-marks. I want to make sure that I can assure him and everybody in this House this bill doesn’t cut funding to anything. It’s an authorization bill, and it reauthorizes the Magnuson-Ste-vens Act with some changes, but those changes do not include a reduction in funding. But here is the thing about fishing that people that don’t fish don’t under-stand. Those of us that fish, we care about this fishery more than anybody else because if we overfish the stock, we don’t get to fish anymore. No one has a greater interest in making sure that the species in our waters are maintained than those of us that fish, whether we are commercial fishermen or recreational fishermen. So there is no interest here that is being served to try to somehow harm our fishery. We believe, and it has actually been demonstrated to be true, that local communities, regional people, can bet-ter regulate, sample, bring science to the health of these fish stock than giv-ing it to some bureaucrat in Wash-ington that doesn’t know one single thing about our fishery. We care. We care deeply, because it is a way of life for us, and the last thing we want to do is do anything that would harm these fish stock out there. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. As we approach another election cycle, it is very important for this in-stitution to do everything we can to ensure transparency and safety in our elections and the integrity of the elec-tion system itself. b1330 Our democracy is being threatened by corporations, by special interests, and by foreign powers who are strip-ping away power from our people and our voters with dark money spending. Secret spending in our elections has exploded since the Supreme Court’s 2010 Citizens United decision permit-ting super-PACs and certain tax-ex-empt groups to spend unlimited sums, including, in many cases, undisclosed funds. The result is unprecedented lev-els of spending and a midterm election expected to be the most expensive ever. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JY7.036 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6061 July 11, 2018 
Many of these groups don’t even have to disclose their donors, allowing wealthy corporations and individuals and illicit foreign influencers to se-cretly spend unlimited dark money. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the pre-vious question, I will offer an amend-ment to the rule to bring up Represent-ative C
ICILLINE ’s legislation, H.R. 6239, the DISCLOSE Act, which I am proud to be a cosponsor of. This bicameral bill would require organizations spend-ing money in Federal elections to dis-close their donors and guard against hidden foreign interference in our de-mocracy. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of my amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ) to discuss our proposal. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me the time. Mr. Speaker, Congress is broken. Each day, more and more Americans are losing faith that their government actually works for them. More than 80 percent of Americans say they can’t trust Washington to do what is right for them. More than two-thirds feel like our democracy is getting less re-sponsive under Republican control. And they know what is going on here. They know they are caught in a system that is rigged against them. Their voices are ignored. Their concerns are dismissed. They don’t even get a seat at the table. The Republicans who control this Chamber aren’t going to fix it. They have given away all the seats at the table to corporate special interests, to billionaires, to the big banks, the big pharmaceutical companies, and that is why the interests of working people are not being protected. My Republican friends are advancing the interests of powerful special interests that fund their campaigns. The corruption of our political sys-tem in this way has become business as usual here in Washington. In this case, business as usual means billions of dol-lars in tax cuts for the wealthy and well-connected Republican campaign donors. It means endless attacks on workers’ rights and consumer protec-tions, and it means trying to deny the right to vote to millions of eligible citizens while, at the same time, let-ting corporations spend as much as it takes to keep Republicans in power. Business as usual for Republicans is a raw deal for the rest of us, and the American people are sick and tired of the raw deal that they have been get-ting. Democrats know that. We share their frustration. We know that Con-gress can do better. We know that we need to clean up Washington and get a better deal for our democracy. Democrats are committed to deliv-ering real reforms to our political sys-tem that will restore government by and for the people of this great coun-try, and that starts with fixing the way campaigns are run in America. We need to break the stranglehold that secret corporate spending has on our elec-tions, and we have a chance to do it right now. If we defeat the previous question, we will have a chance to vote on the DIS-CLOSE Act, one of the key elements of delivering a better deal for our democ-racy. The DISCLOSE Act, which I have in-troduced, along with 162 cosponsors in this Chamber, will shine a light on the unlimited secret corporate spending that has flooded American elections in recent years. The DISCLOSE Act is simple. It re-quires that organizations that spend money in Federal elections have to dis-close their donors. It closes one of the biggest loopholes that the Citizens United ruling opened, namely, that corporations, billionaires, and even for-eign governments can secretly funnel hundreds of millions of dollars into 501(c)(4)s in order to covertly influence our campaigns. This is a huge problem. From 2004 to 2016, secret political spending in our Presidential elections increased by over 3,000 percent. Special counsel Rob-ert Mueller is even reportedly inves-tigating right now whether Vladimir Putin’s regime in Russia secretly fun-neled money through the NRA to help elect Donald Trump. And closer to home for all of us, just a few weeks ago, Speaker R
YAN’s polit-ical fundraising group, the American Action Network, reported receiving a single $24.6 million contribution from an anonymous donor. I don’t know who gave the American Action Network that money. You don’t know who gave them that money. But I have a feeling that whoever did is expecting some-thing in return. It is no secret that the American peo-ple have lost faith in this institution and in their government. They look to Washington and they see a ruling party that will do whatever it takes to help their friends on Wall Street get ahead, but they won’t lift a finger for folks who are struggling to get by. It doesn’t have to be this way. We can restore the faith that has been lost in this institution and in our govern-ment. We can build a government that is worthy of the people we serve. We can end the rule of big money and begin a new era where working people get all the seats at the table. If we want to do that, the first thing we need to do is to make sure that po-litical spending happens out in the open and not in total secret. Let’s defeat the previous question. Let’s have a real debate about fixing what is wrong in Washington, and start by passing the DISCLOSE Act to shine some light on dark money in our poli-tics. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, we are here today to talk about the fisheries of America. If the folks on the other side of the aisle want to address the issue that they just referenced, then I am sure they could foreswear taking any corporate contributions, any anon-ymous contributions to their accounts for themselves. So they could lead by their example, and I look forward to seeing them do that. Mr. Speaker, we are here today to talk about the fisheries of America, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, when we defeat the pre-vious question, I will offer Mr. CICILLINE ’s amendment for the DIS-CLOSE Act. That is why we are talking about that bill today. The DISCLOSE Act is an alternative to this job-destroying bill and anticonsumer bill that we have before us. So I would encourage my colleagues to defeat the previous question so we can shine a light on the dark money that continues to pervade and pollute and distort our political system. I would hope that that is something we can agree on. I hope my Republican and Demo-cratic friends will vote to defeat the previous question because it doesn’t matter what one’s ideology is. What matters is there should be trans-parency in money in politics, and that is a basic tenet that I hope conserv-atives and liberals and moderates can agree on, and we can immediately move to that. When we defeat the pre-vious question, I will offer that amend-ment based on the bill by Mr. C
ICILLINE , which I am honored to be a cosponsor of. Mr. Speaker, this is the third at-tempt to undermine the provisions of the Magnuson-Stevens Act that pro-tects jobs and uses science in decision-making with regard to managing our ocean resources. These attempts failed every time, and the biggest reason they failed is the framework of Magnuson is working. We talked about the increase in boat sales. We talked about the increase in jobs. We talked about the benefit to consumers. I am sure there is some fine tuning to do, but it is not time to push the reset button and start over down a very dangerous path that would de-stroy jobs and the entire economies of many of our local communities. This act has been essential, the Mag-nuson-Stevens Act, in restoring our de-pleted fishing populations, helping communities devastated by over-fishing, getting them back in balance. Science-based reforms over the last two decades have made our fisheries more profitable and rebuilt overfished stocks and have been of great benefit to consumers. These reforms have di-rectly benefited recreational fishing in-terests, and that is reinforced by their own data of the industry. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JY7.038 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6062 July 11, 2018 
So if we continue down the path of sustainable fisheries management, commercial and recreational fishermen will see even greater financial gains and support in the future. In fact, NOAA estimates that fully rebuilt fish-eries would add $31 billion to our econ-omy and create 500,000 new jobs. We need a benchmark and a path to get there, not a pathway to the past of unsustainable practices and job de-struction, which this bill does. These potential jobs and revenues— $31 billion, 500,000 jobs—would support thousands of coastal communities throughout America, consumers across our country and the world, far out-weighing any short-term benefit from an empty oceans act. Only through science-based fisheries management can coastal towns and cit-ies reap enormous environmental bene-fits. So, instead of throwing it away, we should build upon the proven sus-tainable fisheries management prac-tices of Magnuson-Stevens in a bipar-tisan way. Unfortunately, this bill halts decades of progress, ends the science-based approach. Rather than approving harmful and damaging measures to weaken our economy and harm the environment, let’s start again and begin a true bipar-tisan reauthorization, as this Congress did in 1996, as this Congress did in 2006, to reauthorize the Magnuson-Stevens Act. I urge my colleagues to defeat the previous question so we can move for-ward with our discussion of requiring that donations into political cam-paigns and allied groups have to be dis-closed and to also vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule so that we begin work on a bipar-tisan reauthorization of Magnuson-Ste-vens, building upon the tradition of this institution and putting science in the front. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentle-man’s remarks. There are bipartisan cosponsors to this bill. This is a bipar-tisan bill. What is this bill really about? It is about freedom. It is about the freedom of the American people to be able to use their own waters, to fish in their own waters, something the American people have done since before we were a nation. There is a really great book that just came out that won the Pulitzer Prize called ‘‘The Gulf,’’ about the Gulf of Mexico. It recounts the history of our area and how long we have been fishing in the Gulf of Mexico and what it has meant for generations upon genera-tions of both commercial and rec-reational fishermen. I have commercial fisherpeople in my family, and they are wonderful people, have a great business. It is important to them and it is their way of life. We need to make sure we do everything to preserve that way of life. I am a recreational fisherman, and we have been doing it in my family for generations, and I want to preserve that as well. My grandfather was one of the found-ers of the Alabama Deep Sea Fishing Rodeo, one of the oldest and largest fishing tournaments in the United States of America. It is really great to see, summer after summer, generations of people who have been fishing in that tournament, literally for three or four or five generations, come down there on Dauphin Island and bring the fish that they catch, so proud of what they have done. And what have they just done? They have gone out in their own boat at their own expense, spent a day in the open air on a beautiful summer day, or maybe 2 or 3 days, and got some time to spend time together as a family, with friends, and do something Ameri-cans have been able to do without the Federal Government trying to tell them how to do it for a couple, 300 years. It is time for us to restore back to the American people the control of their waters. That is what this bill does. Mr. Speaker, I again urge my col-leagues to support H. Res. 965 and the underlying bill. The material previously referred to by Mr. P
OLIS is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 965 O FFERED BY  M
R. POLIS At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC. 2. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 6239) to amend the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 to provide for additional disclosure require-ments for corporations, labor organizations, Super PACs and other entities, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided among and controlled by the respective chairs and ranking minority members of the Commit-tees on House Administration, Ways and Means, Financial Services, and Oversight and Government Reform. After general de-bate the bill shall be considered for amend-ment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or with-out instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Com-mittee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. S
EC. 3. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 6239. THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JY7.039 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6063 July 11, 2018 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15-minute vote on ordering the previous question will be followed by 5- minute votes on: Adoption of the resolution, if or-dered; Ordering the previous question on House Resolution 985; and Adoption of House Resolution 985, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 225, nays 186, not voting 17, as follows: 
[Roll No. 316] YEAS—225 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—186 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—17 
Amodei Blum Cheney Costa Ellison Gallagher Hanabusa Harper Jenkins (KS) Messer Napolitano Perlmutter Rush Shuster Speier Walz Weber (TX) 
b1408 Messrs. CAPUANO and D
EFAZIO changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. BILIRAKIS changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 227, noes 184, not voting 17, as follows: 
[Roll No. 317] AYES—227 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JY7.042 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6064 July 11, 2018 
NOES—184 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—17 
Blum Cheney Costa Ellison Gallagher Hanabusa Harper Jenkins (KS) Messer Napolitano Perlmutter Rush Scott, David Shuster Speier Walz Weber (TX) 
b1418 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE FOR CAP-ITAL GAZETTE SHOOTING VIC-TIMS (Mr. BROWN of Maryland asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BROWN of Maryland. Mr. Speak-er, on Thursday, June 28, a gunman targeted a cherished community news-paper and our Nation’s free press, kill-ing five people. The Capital Gazette is one of our Na-tion’s oldest newspapers, having served Maryland’s capital city of Annapolis for 291 years. In fact, it was one of the first newspapers to publish the Dec-laration of Independence, although it appeared on page 2 because local news always took precedence. The Annapolis community, which Congressman SARBANES and I have the privilege of representing, is a tight- knit community. The men and women lost in this horrific attack were friends, neighbors, and extended family members. We rise to honor the lives of: Rebecca Smith, who was quiet but had a ‘‘big heart’’ and described herself as a ‘‘bonus mom to the best kid ever’’; John McNamara, who went by Mac, who loved covering sports as much as playing them; Gerald Fischman, the consummate newspaperman working 12 hours a day or more, who editorialized about gun violence and became a victim of it; Rob Hiaasen, a giant in stature and in character, who generously mentored young journalists; and Wendi Winters, a prolific writer, mother of three Navy officers, and an American hero who charged at the gun-man and saved lives. Those who were senselessly gunned down were members of our valued local press cops. In America, we cherish and value our free and independent press. It is a crucial pillar of our democracy. We should not tolerate threats and hatred directed at the media and should sup-port those who bring us the news every day. Today, we also honor the brave and swift action by first responders who were on the scene within 1 minute of 911 calls. Today, we honor the enduring cour-age of the Capital Gazette staff. Their dedication and service to their readers and their commitment to a vibrant, free press are a tribute to their profes-sion and professionalism and to the re-silience of the Annapolis community. Mr. Speaker, I would ask the House to pause for a moment of silence to honor Rebecca, John, Gerald, Rob, Wendi, and all those impacted by the shooting at the Capital Gazette. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would ask all those in the Cham-ber to rise for a moment of silence. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 50, UNFUNDED MAN-DATES INFORMATION AND TRANSPARENCY ACT OF 2017, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDER-ATION OF H.R. 3281, RECLAMA-TION TITLE TRANSFER AND NON-FEDERAL INFRASTRUCTURE INCENTIVIZATION ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, 5-minute voting will con-tinue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on order-ing the previous question on the reso-lution (H. Res. 985) providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 50) to pro-vide for additional safeguards with re-spect to imposing Federal mandates, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3281) to authorize the Secretary of the Inte-rior to facilitate the transfer to non- Federal ownership of appropriate rec-lamation projects or facilities, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 228, nays 184, not voting 16, as follows: [Roll No. 318] YEAS—228 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JY7.009 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6065 July 11, 2018 
Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—184 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—16 
Blum Cheney Costa Ellison Gallagher Hanabusa Harper Jenkins (KS) Napolitano Perlmutter Rush Serrano Shuster Speier Walz Weber (TX) 
b1430 So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 229, noes 183, not voting 16, as follows: [Roll No. 319] AYES—229 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—183 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—16 
Blum Cheney Costa Ellison Gallagher Hanabusa Harper Jenkins (KS) Lewis (GA) Napolitano Perlmutter Ruppersberger Rush Shuster Speier Walz 
b1437 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PERMISSION FOR MEMBER TO BE CONSIDERED AS FIRST SPONSOR OF H.R. 1898 Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that I may hereafter be considered to be the first sponsor of H.R. 1898, a bill originally introduced by Representative Meehan of Pennsylvania, for the purposes of adding cosponsors and requesting reprintings pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
OST). Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Tennessee? There was no objection. 
f 
EXPRESSING SUPPORT FOR THE COUNTRIES OF EASTERN EU-ROPE AND THE NORTH ATLAN-TIC TREATY ORGANIZATION Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JY7.010 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6066 July 11, 2018 
Committee on Foreign Affairs be dis-charged from further consideration of the resolution (H. Res. 256) expressing support for the countries of Eastern Europe and the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, and ask for its imme-diate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, reserving my right to object, although I don’t in-tend to object, I want to, first of all, thank the chairman for bringing this resolution to the floor. The Foreign Affairs Committee marked up this resolution awhile back. It passed unanimously, and we were under the impression that it might come up for debate on Tuesday under suspension. That is what should have happened. Members should have had the oppor-tunity to debate this in the House be-fore the NATO summit meeting began this morning, and sent a clear message that this body stands with NATO, that we support this alliance, the most suc-cessful in history, that our allies can count on American leadership and American resolve. Instead, we are rushing it through today, after the summit is halfway over and after President Trump has again insulted our closest friends on the global stage. This is an important resolution. It should not be swept under the rug be-cause it is important that this body stand up for NATO, even if we are late to the game. Mr. Speaker, I withdraw my reserva-tion of objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The res-ervation is withdrawn. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. The text of the resolution is as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 256 Whereas the United States has shown strong commitment to the independence, sovereignty, territorial integrity, and demo-cratic development of the countries that emerged from the ashes of the former Soviet Union and the communist bloc it once domi-nated; Whereas many of these countries have, during the past three decades, undertaken the considerable political and economic re-forms necessary to achieve the aspirations for European and Euro-Atlantic integration, or are continuing to do so; Whereas the incorporation of Eastern Eu-ropean countries into the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) has contributed toward a vision of Europe that is aimed at promoting stability and cooperation, at building a Europe whole and free, united in peace, democracy and common values; Whereas the mission of NATO since its founding in 1949 is to promote democratic values, cooperation on defense and security issues, and the peaceful resolution of dis-putes; Whereas NATO remains the most impor-tant and critical security link between the United States and Europe; Whereas NATO allies and partners in Cen-tral and Eastern Europe, including countries of the Western Balkans, and the former So-viet Union have stood alongside the United States in joint peace operations in the West-ern Balkans, Afghanistan, Iraq, and else-where around the globe; Whereas Russia’s aggressive actions against neighboring members of the NATO Alliance and nearby NATO partner coun-tries, including its many violations of Baltic airspace, occupation of Georgian territory in 2008, annexation of Crimea in 2014, and con-tinued threats to Moldovan territorial integ-rity and sovereignty, not only violate its commitments under the Helsinki Final Act and subsequent Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) agree-ments but are also key contributors to Eu-rope’s instability; Whereas NATO reaffirmed its military se-curity commitment to the Baltic States in response to increased Russian military ac-tivities; Whereas NATO allies increased their as-sistance to NATO partner countries by en-dorsing the Substantial NATO–Georgia Package in support of Georgia at the Wales Summit, the Comprehensive Assistance Package in support of Ukraine at the War-saw Summit, and developed a phased Defense and Related Security Capacity Building package in support of Moldova; Whereas the European Reassurance Initia-tive represents the United States commit-ment to enduring peace, stability, and terri-torial integrity in Europe as members and partners of the NATO Alliance; Whereas British Prime Minister Theresa May stated, ‘‘On defense and security co-operation, we’re united in our recognition of NATO as the bulwark of our collective de-fense and we reaffirmed our unshakeable commitment to this alliance. We’re 100% be-hind NATO.’’; Whereas Estonian President Kersti Kaljulaid stated, ‘‘Our NATO allies can rely on us to act as agreed in recent summits in Chicago, Wales and Warsaw, our UN partners have appreciated and respected our role in peacekeeping operations and our European partners know that Estonia is a reliable partner when there is a crisis’’ and Estonian Prime Minister Ju¨ri Ratas stated, ‘‘Our com-mitment to NATO is steadfast.’’; Whereas Latvian President Raimonds Ve¯jonis stated, ‘‘We [Latvia] continue in-creasing our defense spending consistently on our own, and our allies appreciate that. A historic decision on deployment of four mul-tinational battalions in the Baltic States and Poland was made at the NATO Summit in Warsaw this summer. This is by far the most serious proof of NATO’s readiness to defend independence of the Eastern European countries, including Latvia.’’; Whereas Czech Republic Prime Minster Bohuslav Sobotka stated, ‘‘NATO is the basis for our security’’ and that he hopes ‘‘the United States will remain a solid NATO partner.’’; and Whereas the United States must remain committed to our NATO allies in the face of any aggression irrespective of their ability to meet the NATO benchmark of spending: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the House of Representa-tives— (1) condemns any threat to the sov-ereignty, territorial integrity, freedom and democracy of the Baltic States; (2) condemns the clear, gross, and uncor-rected ongoing violation of the Helsinki principles by the Russian Federation with respect to the sovereignty and territorial in-tegrity of Ukraine; (3) supports keeping United States sanc-tions imposed against Russia relating to Cri-mea in effect until Ukraine’s sovereignty over Crimea has been restored, as well as sanctions relating to the Donbas until the Minsk agreements are fully implemented; (4) considers it essential for the United States to maintain and increase political, economic, and security support for the coun-tries of Central and Eastern Europe; (5) appreciates the spirit of friendship of the countries of Central and Eastern Europe, including those of the Western Balkans, their commitment to collective security, and their contributions, past and present, to peace operations around the globe; (6) supports keeping the door to NATO membership open to those countries that are eligible to join the Alliance and meet all the necessary requirements for membership; (7) supports and encourages the democratic aspirations of the people of all countries con-cerned, including Ukraine, Georgia, and Moldova; and (8) calls for continued support to the United States European Reassurance Initia-tive. AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . ROYCE OF  
CALIFORNIA  
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I have an amendment to the text at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Strike all after resolving clause and insert the following: Resolved, That the House of Representa-tives— (1) affirms the United States enduring commitment to and friendship with its NATO allies; (2) pledges that the United States will con-tinue to maintain strong leadership and strengthen its commitments to NATO; (3) condemns any threat to the sov-ereignty, territorial integrity, freedom and democracy of NATO allies; (4) condemns the clear, gross, and uncor-rected ongoing violation of the Helsinki principles by Russia with respect to the sov-ereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine; (5) supports keeping United States sanc-tions imposed against Russia relating to Cri-mea in effect until Ukraine’s sovereignty over Crimea has been restored, as well as sanctions relating to the Donbas until the Minsk agreements are fully implemented; (6) considers it essential for the United States to maintain and increase political, economic, and security support for the coun-tries of Central and Eastern Europe; (7) appreciates the spirit of friendship of the countries of Central and Eastern Europe, including those of the Western Balkans, their commitment to collective security, and their contributions, past and present, to peace operations around the globe; (8) calls for the United States to continue to support the countries of Central and East-ern Europe to secure their electoral proc-esses from foreign threats; (9) supports and encourages the democratic aspirations of the people of all countries con-cerned, including Ukraine, Georgia, and Moldova; (10) encourages the countries of Europe to continue to invest in the individual, re-gional, and collective defense; (11) calls on all NATO allies whose current proportion of gross domestic product spent on defense is below the 2 percent guideline to meet that guideline; (12) honors the men and women who served under NATO and gave their lives to promote peace, security, and international coopera-tion since 1949; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JY7.050 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6067 July 11, 2018 
(13) calls for continued support to the United States’ European Deterrence Initia-tive. 
Mr. ROYCE of California (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. The amendment was agreed to. The resolution, as amended, was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT TO THE PREAMBLE OFFERED BY  
MR. ROYCE OF CALIFORNIA  
Mr. ROYCE of California. I have an amendment to the preamble at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Strike the preamble and insert the fol-lowing: Whereas the United States has shown strong commitment to the independence, sovereignty, territorial integrity, and demo-cratic development of the countries that emerged from the ashes of the former Soviet Union and the communist bloc it once domi-nated; Whereas many of these countries have, during the past three decades, undertaken the extensive political and economic reforms necessary to achieve their aspirations for European and Euro-Atlantic integration, or are continuing to do so; Whereas the incorporation of Central and Eastern European countries into the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) has contributed to a vision of Europe that is whole and free and united in peace, democ-racy, and common values; Whereas the mission of NATO since its founding in 1949 is to defend its members from aggression, enhance cooperation on de-fense and security issues, and promote the peaceful resolution of disputes; Whereas NATO remains the most impor-tant and critical security link between the United States and Europe; Whereas on November 16, 2016, former President Barack Obama stated, ‘‘NATO, the world’s greatest alliance, is as strong and as ready as it’s ever been and I am confident that just as America’s commitment to the transatlantic alliance has endured for seven decades—whether it’s been under a Demo-cratic or Republican administration—that commitment will continue, including our pledge and our treaty obligation to defend every ally.’’; Whereas on July 6, 2017, President Donald J. Trump reiterated the United States’ sup-port of NATO by saying, ‘‘To those who would criticize our tough stance, I would point out that the United States has dem-onstrated not merely with words but with its actions that we stand firmly behind Article 5, the mutual defense commitment.’’; Whereas NATO allies and partners in Cen-tral and Eastern Europe, including countries of the Western Balkans, and the former So-viet Union have stood alongside the United States in joint peace operations in the West-ern Balkans, Afghanistan, Iraq, and else-where around the globe; Whereas NATO established the Euro-Atlan-tic Partnership Council to promote, among other priorities, counter-terrorism, non-pro-liferation, and crisis management coopera-tion as well as advancing values, including respect of international law and peaceful res-olution of disputes; Whereas Russia’s aggressive actions against members of the NATO Alliance and nearby NATO partner countries, including its many violations of Baltic airspace, occu-pation of Georgian territory in 2008, illegal occupation of Crimea since 2014, and contin-ued threats to Moldovan territorial integrity and sovereignty, not only violate its com-mitments under the Helsinki Final Act and subsequent Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) agreements but also foment instability in Europe; Whereas NATO allies increased their as-sistance to NATO partner countries by en-dorsing the Substantial NATO–Georgia Package in support of Georgia at the Wales Summit, the Comprehensive Assistance Package in support of Ukraine at the War-saw Summit, and developed a phased Defense and Related Security Capacity Building package in support of Moldova; Whereas the European Deterrence Initia-tive represents the United States commit-ment to enduring peace, stability, and terri-torial integrity in Europe as members and partners of the NATO Alliance; Whereas from September 14 through Sep-tember 20, 2017, Russia held a large-scale military exercise in Belarus known as Zapad 2017; Whereas the last Zapad exercise was in 2013 which laid the foundations for Russia’s 2014 annexation of Crimea; Whereas NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg expressed concerns about Rus-sia’s lack of transparency regarding military exercises; Whereas Secretary-General Stoltenberg also stated, ‘‘Russia is our neighbor....We don’t want to isolate Russia; we don’t want a new Cold War.’’; Whereas the Chief of the General Staff of the Armed Forces of Russia, Valery Gerasimov, wrote in 2013 that ‘‘informa-tional conflict’’ is a key part of war; Whereas Baltic and NATO officials believe that Russia was likely responsible for inter-ruptions in Latvia’s mobile communications network before the Zapad exercise; Whereas three Baltic Russian-language news sites known collectively as Baltnews are secretly owned by Rossiya Segodnya, a news agency owned and operated by the Rus-sian Government; Whereas on June 28, 2017, Vesko Garcevic, Montenegro’s ambassador to NATO from 2010 through 2014, testified before the Senate In-telligence Committee that Russia has pro-vided support to extremist groups and even used the country’s religious institutions to oppose closer ties to the Western world; Whereas on April 4, 2018, Russia began a live-fire military exercise in the Baltic Sea, just outside of the territorial waters of NATO member countries, in a move a top Latvian defense official called a ‘‘show of force’’ just a day after Baltic leaders met with President Trump; Whereas at the Wales Summit in 2014, all 28 members of the NATO alliance declared their intention to move towards a minimum security investment of 2 percent of their gross domestic product on defense within a decade; Whereas on June 8, 2018, NATO Secretary- General Stoltenberg spoke of increases in de-fense investments by European allies, that ‘‘Allies are making real progress on all as-pects of burden sharing, cash, capabilities and contributions... But of course, we still have more work to do. Burden sharing will be a key theme of our Summit next month. And I expect all Allies to continue their ef-forts.’’; and Whereas the commitment to collective de-fense in Article 5 of the North Atlantic Trea-ty remains at the heart of the Alliance: Now, therefore, be it Mr. ROYCE of California (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. The amendment to the preamble was agreed to. The title of the resolution was amended so as to read: ‘‘A resolution expressing support for the North Atlan-tic Treaty Organization and the coun-tries of Central and Eastern Europe.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on the motion to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on if the vote is objected to under clause 6 of rule XX. Any record vote on the postponed question will be taken later. 
f 
b1445 CROOKED RIVER RANCH FIRE PROTECTION ACT Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2075) to adjust the eastern boundary of the Deschutes Canyon- Steelhead Falls Wilderness Study Area in the State of Oregon to facilitate fire prevention and response activities in order to protect adjacent private prop-erty, and for other purposes, as amend-ed. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2075 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Crooked River Ranch Fire Protection Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) The Crooked River Ranch is an unincor-porated community with a population of 5,000 residents. (2) The current lands located adjacent to Crooked River Ranch are managed by the Bu-reau of Land Management and are classified as a Wilderness Study Area. (3) There is currently only one entrance/exit to the Crooked River Ranch. (4) Jefferson County and Crooked River Ranch have determined that the Wilderness Study Area lands are in the highest risk cat-egory for exposure to devastating wildfire due to overstocked juniper stands under the federally mandated and locally promulgated Jefferson County Community Wildfire Protection Plan (CWPP). (5) The current Wilderness Study Area classi-fication prevents mechanical fire prevention ac-tivities within the overstocked juniper stands. (6) Advancing this proposed legislation will greatly enhance the life and safety of people and property by reducing the extreme fire threat to these lands. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A11JY7.013 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6068 July 11, 2018 
SEC. 3. BOUNDARY ADJUSTMENT, DESCHUTES CANYON-STEELHEAD FALLS AND DESCHUTES CANYON WILDERNESS STUDY AREAS, OREGON. 
(a) B OUNDARY ADJUSTMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary of the Interior shall adjust the eastern boundary of the Deschutes Canyon-Steelhead Falls Wilderness Study Area and the Deschutes Canyon Wilderness Study Area in the State of Oregon to exclude approximately 832 acres, as depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Deschutes Can-yon-Steelhead Falls Wilderness Study Area’’ and dated April 6, 2017, in order to facilitate fire prevention and response activities on the ex-cluded public lands and adjacent private prop-erty. (b) E
FFECT OF EXCLUSION .—Effective on the date of the enactment of this Act, the public lands to be excluded from the Deschutes Can-yon-Steelhead Falls Wilderness Study Area and the Deschutes Canyon Wilderness Study Area pursuant to subsection (a) are no longer subject to section 603(c) of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1782(c)). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) and the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
RI-
JALVA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, Crooked River Ranch is a residential community that is home to approximately 5,500 people. It is lo-cated between the Deschutes and Crooked Rivers in Jefferson County, Oregon. Because of this geography, there is only one all-weather road in and out of Crooked River Ranch. Now, right next to this community, along the Deschutes River, is a roughly 3,200-acre Deschutes Canyon-Steelhead Falls Wilderness Study Area, which is managed—or, more accurately, is mis-managed—by the Bureau of Land Man-agement. This BLM property is thick with vegetation, which poses a very real risk for catastrophic wildfires, in large part because the wilderness study area regulations greatly restrict essen-tial measures for both fire mitigation and firefighting. For example, in a wilderness or wil-derness study area, you can’t use mechanized or motorized equipment or transport. This includes chainsaws as well as electrical generators, trucks, and larger equipment essential to fuels management. You can’t even use this equipment to cut fire breaks. You can’t build fire roads. You can’t do mechan-ical thinning of vegetation. Even the hand thinning that is allowed in such areas is very limited. Absent a waiver from the Secretary of the Interior, firefighters can’t drop fire retardant or use bulldozers to cut fire breaks in the wilderness study area during a fire. Tragically, the benign ne-glect mandated by these requirements has made all wilderness areas firetraps just waiting for a lighting flash or a careless match. H.R. 2075, authored by Congressman GREGWALDEN , with the support of the local community, would slightly mod-ify the eastern boundary of the Deschutes Canyon-Steelhead Falls Wil-derness Study Area, making it possible to manage the land properly to reduce fuel loads that threaten the neighbor-hoods in Crooked River Ranch. The boundary change will reduce the WSA by about 830 acres, but this small change will promote public safety, allow for more efficient fuels treat-ments on the lands immediately adja-cent to Crooked River Ranch, and give critically important flexibility to local firefighters should fire break out in that area. This is an issue of public safety, and this bill will clearly help protect the lives and property of the thousands of Crooked River Ranch residents from wildfire. I commend Congressman W
ALDEN for his work to provide a commonsense so-lution to a very real public safety con-cern. I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the Crooked River Ranch Fire Protection Act removes 830 acres from the wilderness study area in central Oregon. The land is adjacent to a rural subdivision, and its removal from WSA will arguably make it easier for the local community and the BLM to plan wildfire mitigation projects. While we take issue with the point that the WSA designation limits me-chanical thinning and other necessary forest treatments, the area is not suit-able for wilderness designation, and the release from the WSA makes sense. However, we still have concerns with this bill, because it ignores the collabo-rative process that was trying to de-velop a comprehensive plan for the en-tire area. That plan would have led to lasting conservation gains by desig-nating wilderness and would have done even more to protect the community from wildfire by creating special man-agement areas adjacent to Crooked River Ranch. Unfortunately, the col-laborative group stalled out after this legislation was introduced. Only Congress can permanently change the status of a wilderness study area. Whenever we choose to make a permanent change, we have a responsi-bility to consider the whole picture and listen to all stakeholders. While it is disappointing that we are unable to fulfill that commitment with this legislation, we understand the need to prioritize safety of the Crooked River Ranch residents. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WAL-
DEN), the author of this legislation and the elected representative of this threatened community. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman M
CCLINTOCK and my friend from Arizona for their work on this, especially Chairman B
ISHOP as well. The Natural Resources Com-mittee has been terrific to work with on this measure over a period of time. The bill is really an important public safety measure. This is a life-and-death measure. There are more than 5,000 people who live in Crooked River Ranch. This is an unincorporated com-munity in central Oregon. It is wedged between two river systems, river can-yons. You can see it here on this map. I want to point out the two rivers here. It is actually on a peninsula. It sits up. These are deep canyons. To the west over here is where the wilderness study area is that we are talking about. It is juniper. It is cheatgrass. It is sage-brush. These are the most volatile fuels you can have. Unlike here on the East Coast, where in the summer you get thunderstorms and heavy rain with it, out in Oregon, we have humidity. We call it rain that stays in the ground. But in the sum-mer, we don’t get that. What we get is dry lightning and very little rain. When lightning strikes occur in that kind of vegetation, it explodes. I have talked to the firefighters, and I will show you what happens when this happens. This the terrain. The over-stocked juniper, you can see it over here. This is very volatile terrain. That is grasslands. As I say, there are all kinds of other volatile fuels in there. This is at the highest risk category for exposure to catastrophic wildfire. The wildfire planning community pro-tection plan calls it that in Jefferson County. Fire season is already underway in central Oregon. In fact, wildfires have already burned 120,000 acres so far this year. It has just gotten started. By the way, that is the equivalent of burning about 2
1⁄2times the entire size of Wash-ington, D.C. So what does that look like? When fire gets into these junipers, they basi-cally explode. It is very volatile. Jef-ferson County Sheriff Jim Adkins took this picture out of his rig of the Gra-ham fire. This fire nearby—not right at Crooked River Ranch, but in the same county—burned a few weeks ago. It burned two homes. Altogether, it burned about 2,000 acres—2,000 acres— and a couple of homes before they could get in and get it out. So what we are doing here with this legislation is removing 832 acres. That is it. Three-thousandths of 1 percent of all the WSAs in Oregon, three-thou-sandths of 1 percent of the acreage, 832 acres, we are saying that we are just going to take it back to the rim of the canyon, and, on that flat land, you can go in and thin out these junipers and get it back to where you can do fire management. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JY7.015 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6069 July 11, 2018 
Now, when I have talked to the fire chiefs and crews there, they have told me: Look, in this community of 5,000, there is one road in and out. If you have a fire that blows up like this out on the peninsula, out on the end, the fire chiefs basically said: If the conditions are wrong and there is wind, I am not going to put my firefighters’ lives at risk, so we will probably not go in and fight that fire. We will just try and get people out. Can you imagine, on a two-lane road, trying to evacuate more than 5,000 peo-ple with a monster fire breathing down your back? That is what we are trying to avoid here. This WSA was determined in 1992 by the Bureau of Land Management and the Forest Service to not be suitable for inclusion as wilderness. They said: No, it doesn’t meet the criteria. It should not be included. But the way the Federal law works, once the agency decides to study one of these areas, all the restrictions come on the land. As you have heard from both sides of the aisle—well, at least our side of the aisle—that means that you can’t go in and do mechanical thinning. You can’t do the kind of work we need to do. By the way, if there is a fire, it takes all kinds of permission to drop the re-tardant or to get in there with mechan-ical means. All we are saying is, let’s back that up 832 acres along the rim line, send people in, thin this back to where it is in balance and will not cause dev-astating wildfire to consume Crooked River Ranch. Let’s look at what hap-pens when that does occur. You will remember this tragedy from my friend’s home State in Santa Rosa, California. You don’t think fires are monsters and killers and deadly? Look at what happened to this community, the homes and lives that were lost. This is what we are trying to prevent from happening at Crooked River Ranch. With bipartisan support, the House is going to show its will today, and I think overwhelmingly, to say this is a measured, thoughtful piece of legislation with enormous support in the community and the county that will prevent a Santa Rosa from occur-ring at Crooked River Ranch. Remember, there is one way in and one way out, and 5,500 people who live in this area. I thank the gentleman from Alaska for his leadership on this. He and his staff have been terrific. I thank my colleagues on the other side of the aisle. I know we have some differences about adding other things in. That can be dealt with, discussed at another time, but we have a serious and deadly threat staring us down every summer. We have fires already burning in the area. If we want to save lives and prevent deadly fires, this is the bill to do it. This is the time to do it. Let’s get it done. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the more than 5,000 residents of the Crooked River Ranch and in the name of common sense, I ask for pas-sage of this vital public safety meas-ure, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2075, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to adjust the eastern boundary of the Deschutes Canyon- Steelhead Falls and Deschutes Canyon Wilderness Study Areas in the State of Oregon to facilitate fire prevention and response activities to protect private property, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Lasky, one of the clerks, announced that the Senate insists upon its amend-ment to the bill (H.R. 5895) ‘‘An Act making appropriations for energy and water development and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other pur-poses.’’, disagreed to by the House and agrees to the conference asked by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and appoints Mr. S
HELBY , Mr. A LEXANDER , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. D
AINES , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. L EAHY , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. S CHATZ , and Mr. M
URPHY , be the conferees on the part of the Senate, with instructions. 
f 
STRENGTHENING FISHING COMMU-NITIES AND INCREASING FLEXI-BILITY IN FISHERIES MANAGE-MENT ACT 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material in H.R. 200. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana). Is there objec-tion to the request of the gentleman from Alaska? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 965 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 200. The Chair appoints the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. B
OST) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. b1457 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 200) to amend the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act to provide flexibility for fishery managers and stability for fishermen, and for other purposes, with Mr. BOSTin the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. The gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ) and the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. H
UFFMAN ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alaska. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-man, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, today I rise in strong support of my legislation, H.R. 200, the Strengthening Fishing Communities and Increasing Flexibility in Fisheries Management Act. Mr. Chairman, as one of the sponsors of the original bill way back in 1975, and I fought to secure enactment in 1976, I can say it is probably the most successful legislation that ever passed this House to create a sustainable yield of fisheries for the United States of America. I first wrote what would become the Magnuson-Stevens Act, and it hasn’t been reauthorized since 2006. For 6 years, I have worked with Members of this body on both sides of the aisle to improve this legislation. I know some of my colleagues will say that I didn’t do enough to ensure the act retains the strong bipartisan nature of the original bill. It is impor-tant to remember the legislative his-tory. While it is true that the version of the Magnuson-Stevens Act that be-came law passed the House under sus-pension of the rules, the original bill passed the Natural Resources Com-mittee after a long markup by a vote of 26–15, with only four Democrats voting in favor of the bill. b1500 So this point that the previous reau-thorizations were noncontroversial and nonpartisan is not true. My legislation, H.R. 200, would make a number of improvements to the origi-nal act in order to ensure a proper bal-ance between the biological needs of fish stocks and the economic needs of fishermen in coastal communities. The legislation tailors Federal fish-ery authorities in order to give coun-cils the proper tools and flexibility needed to effectively manage their fisheries, and will support a more ro-bust domestic seafood industry and greater job creation across the coun-try. This legislation allows added flexi-bility for fishery managers to rebuild depleted fisheries, more transparency for fishermen in science and manage-ment, and a requirement for NOAA to provide better accountability on how fees are collected and used. It also au-thorizes appropriations for the act for 5 years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JY7.056 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6070 July 11, 2018 
I am proud to say my bill protects our commercial and recreational fish-ing interests, and will allow councils to do their job in a more streamlined and effective manner. My bill would amend the Magnuson- Stevens Fisheries Conservation Act. It allows for regional management of fisheries. The law gives guidance through its national standards and cre-ates the process that allows the coun-cils to develop fishery management plans. This legislation was written for fish-ermen to ensure they are able to catch sustainable yields of fish for the com-munities. It is critical for the protec-tion of coastal communities and for al-lowing the stakeholders to be part of the management of the fisheries. To address the ever-changing needs of fisheries and fishery communities, Congress has passed various amend-ments to this act. Changes were based on knowledge of the times gained through experience, improvements in science, and better management tech-niques. In the mid-1990s, Congress addressed overfishing, included protections of habitat, improvements for fisheries science, and reductions in bycatch. These were the issues of the time, and they were addressed as needed. One of these problems also included the lack of resources to fund stock assessments to provide needed data to the regional fishery management councils, some-thing that continues to be an issue today. The act was last amended in 2007. Congress included measures that set science-based annual catch limits to prevent overfishing, including a re-quirement to end overfishing within 2 years. Accountability measures were adopted, which meant harvest reduc-tions if harvest levels were exceeded. Work to develop H.R. 200 began 6 years ago. The committee held over a dozen hearings, with testimony from over 100 witnesses. As with past reau-thorizations, and in line with a main purpose of the act—to balance con-servation with economic use of the re-source—H.R. 200 takes a middle-of-the- road approach to fisheries manage-ment. While some today may complain the bill’s flexibility rolls back scientific protections, that statement is just not accurate. The flexibility in the bill is based on science. Rebuilding of fish stocks will be based on the biology of fish stock. Harvest levels will still be based on science and set at levels where overfishing will not occur. The regional councils will continue to fol-low recommendations of their science and statistical committee. During every reauthorization cycle, the Magnuson-Stevens Act is updated to be closely in sync with current-day science, management techniques, and knowledge. As the fishermen, commu-nities, councils, and fishery managers develop better techniques and learn lessons from implementing the law, Congress can take that knowledge to improve that law. Flexibility is a cor-nerstone of the law. The Magnuson- Stevens Act promotes regional flexi-bility that recognizes differing ocean conditions, variations in regional fish-eries, different harvesting methods and management techniques, and distinct community impacts. Again, I want to stress: this bill was written for fish and communities, not for the interest groups. I will not stand by and watch other interest groups hi-jack this piece of legislation, taking away the sustainable concept of our fisheries and the healthy concept of our fisheries and the healthy concept of our communities for other reasons and other causes. While my name will be on the bill as the sponsor, we all know that bringing legislation to the floor is a group effort and we would not be here today talking about fish without the support of other members and a tremendous amount of hard work from staff. So I thank Chair-man B
ISHOP and even Congressman H
UFFMAN and his staff—I had to say that—the bill’s cosponsors on both sides of the aisle; staff on the Natural Resources Committee, Lisa Pittman, Charles Park, Richie O’Connell, Bill Ball, and former staffer Dave Whaley; and members of my staff, Mike DeFilippis and Martha Newell. Mr. Chairman, I have to remind peo-ple that when we had this bill passed originally, we were catching about, I would say, 2 percent of our fish, and after the passage of the Magnuson-Ste-vens Act, we are catching all but 1 per-cent and foreign countries are only catching 1 percent. This is a good piece of legislation. It has worked in the past, and it will work better in the future. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act is our country’s most important fisheries law. Magnuson is the frame-work for governing fishing in Federal waters, which is big business in this country: The National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration estimates that commercial and recreational fish-ing generates roughly $200 billion in economic value and supports 1.7 mil-lion jobs. This significant economic impact de-pends on sustainable management of fish stocks and protecting the ocean ecosystems on which they depend. Now, the 1996 and 2006 reauthorizations of Magnuson moved us in that direc-tion after decades of overfishing had led to the collapse of fisheries and dev-astation for fishing communities in many parts of the country. Instead of building on that success, I am sad to say that H.R. 200, which many have called the empty oceans act, would roll back the important con-servation and management standards that have helped us get to this point, that have helped end overfishing, and that have helped rebuild a record num-ber of fish stocks. This attempt to re-turn us to the bad old days of failed fishery management policy and over-fishing that inevitably follows from loose standards should be seen as unac-ceptable to everyone who cares about sustainable fisheries. Now, Magnuson, as has been said, has traditionally been a bipartisan effort. I have tried to work with Mr. YOUNG in good faith to find a path towards a bi-partisan compromise, and I thank him for his efforts to get there. We came close. I am disappointed that we fell short. But we need to be very clear that Democrats are opposing H.R. 200 not for partisan reasons, but for important policy grounds that, in the past, have never been partisan and should not be partisan today. That is also why many fishery stake-holders oppose this bill in its current form. They don’t want to see Magnuson’s core conservation provi-sions undermined. That is why letters have been pouring in in opposition to this bill, because it does undermine the very heart of our country’s flagship fisheries law. We have heard, for example, from the Alaska Longline Fishermen’s Associa-tion, Fishing Communities Coalition, Cape Cod Commercial Fishermen’s Al-liance, Seafood Harvesters of America, Maine Coast Fishermen’s Association, Marine Fish Conservation Network, Northwest Guides and Anglers Associa-tion, Gulf of Mexico Reef Fish Share-holders’ Alliance, Association of North-west Steelheaders, Gulf Restoration Network, American Fly Fishing Tackle Association, and on and on, including hundreds of chefs, scientists, and rec-reational anglers, among others. In fact, the stack of letters that we have received is quite voluminous, as I have them right here. The changes my Republican col-leagues are proposing to Magnuson are irresponsible. I am disappointed that they are ignoring the concerns that have been expressed from so many stakeholders who are telling them to be more careful as we reauthorize this important bill. There is an old saying: If it ain’t broke, don’t fix it. The bottom line with this Magnuson reauthorization is this: the law is working as intended. Reauthorization is important, but it shouldn’t come at the expense of the law’s core provisions that have made it so successful. Mr. Chairman, I have offered an al-ternate amendment to reauthorize Magnuson. It contains constructive, bi-partisan ideas on how to best manage our fisheries by allowing for flexibility and modernizing aspects of fisheries management, but doing so without un-dermining the core provisions of the law. As an angler myself, who represents many commercial and recreational fishing interests in northern Cali-fornia, I strongly believe that there 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JY7.059 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6071 July 11, 2018 
needs to be a bipartisan path forward. I would still very much like to have meaningful discussions with my col-leagues across the aisle to develop leg-islation in the spirit of previous bipar-tisan Magnuson reauthorizations, while leaving the core conservation and management provisions intact. We can also make progress and do more to support recreational fishing interests. We should do that together, without sacrificing the science-based framework that is so important to the long-term sustainability of fisheries management. Unfortunately, H.R. 200 falls short in this regard, and I must request that my colleagues vote ‘‘no’’ on the bill in its current form. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. B
ABIN). Mr. BABIN. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of the Strengthening Fishing Communities and Increasing Flexibility in Fisheries Management Act. Not only does this bill reauthorize the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Con-servation and Management Act, which is long overdue, but it also updates the language of the act to put more power in the hands of local councils to man-age their fisheries effectively. One-size- fits-all approaches rarely work, so I am proud to cosponsor this bill which al-lows local councils to tailor manage-ment plans to the needs of their re-gions. Further, this bill would lift burdens of outdated, arbitrary scientific prac-tices and data which limit the Amer-ican people’s access to affordable do-mestically caught fish. The seafood in-dustry is economically booming and it is past time that we lift these restrict-ing regulations and allow a win for not only the recreational fishermen, which I have been a lifelong proponent of and a participant, but also of our commer-cial fishermen, the American people will be a winner as well, so I urge a vote for this bill. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Maine (Ms. P
INGREE ). Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague for his eloquent defense of our oceans, and also for yielding me the time. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in opposi-tion to H.R. 200. I represent the great State of Maine, with a rich maritime heritage, strong fisheries, and vibrant coastal commu-nities that I am very proud to rep-resent. The hardworking men and women who earn their livings on or near the water in my State have been working for decades to follow the Magnuson- Stevens Act and Federal fishery policy. They are responsible stewards of our ocean resources. And while the current law could certainly be improved, it has been successful in allowing Mainers and others to support their families while restoring and preserving the health of their fisheries. They want to pass this maritime heritage on to the next generation, and I am afraid this bill would make that task even harder for them. The bill before us today, therefore, is a big disappointment to me because it misses the opportunity to update the Magnuson-Stevens Act. By reauthor-izing Magnuson, we could work in a bi-partisan way to address the current needs of our fisheries and provide more flexibility. We could bring Federal pol-icy further into the 21st century. This bill is the wrong approach for addressing fishery management. It weakens rebuilding requirements, cre-ates loopholes in some conservation ef-forts, and has the effect of decreasing accountability that has been put in place to prevent overfishing. H.R. 200 undoes efforts that have been proven to work, while failing to address some significant challenges in our fisheries. It is a lost opportunity and a bill that I cannot support. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Louisiana (Mr. HIGGINS ), my good friend. Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of H.R. 200, the Strengthening Fishing Communities and Increasing Flexi-bility in Fisheries Management Act. I am a cosponsor of this legislation. Mr. Chairman, my State of Louisiana has a heavy presence of both commer-cial and recreational anglers, and they all know that reforms have been need-ed to our Federal fisheries data collec-tion systems for decades. In some cases, especially in relation to the red snapper fishery in the Gulf, rebuilding schedules, season lengths, and catch limits have been based off data models from the 1980s. Technology has come a long way since then, with universities and the Gulf States them-selves utilizing new methods of data collection that are producing positive results that are at odds with the 1980s numbers that the Federal Government has been using. This bill will go a long way in pro-moting a modern science-backed ap-proach to management of our fisheries. This reauthorization of the Magnu-son-Stevens Fishery and Conservation Management Act provides flexibility and stability that will promote eco-nomic expansion through enhanced public access and opportunity for rec-reational fishing in saltwater. Mr. Chairman, I thank my friend and colleague, Congressman Y
OUNG , for in-troducing this bill, and I urge my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle to support its passage. b1515 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ). Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to H.R. 200, the so-called Strengthening Fishing Communities and Increasing Flexibility in Fisheries Management Act, which would undermine the years of progress made in rebuilding fish stocks and setting effective catch lim-its under the Magnuson-Stevens Act. My home State of Rhode Island is home to a vibrant fishing community that relies on healthy fish populations in order to make a living. Traditionally, reauthorization of fisheries management programs through the Magnuson-Stevens Act has been done on a bipartisan basis with the goal of strengthening sustainable fisheries. However, this entirely par-tisan bill weakens critical tools, like annual catch limits, which ensure that fisheries remain full for years to come. This bill will gut science-based man-agement for fisheries, roll back devel-opment of effective fisheries manage-ment techniques, and reduce account-ability for recreational fisheries. H.R. 200 removes several species from science-based quotas which help ensure that catches are sustainable each year. Under this bill, hundreds of species of fish would no longer have catch limits, which would lead to drastic over-fishing. The bill also harms efforts to rebuild fish stocks by including loopholes which remove rebuilding timeframes from many fish stocks and would ex-tend recovery timeframes for others, thereby endangering healthy stocks of fish available to fishing communities. In the last week, I have heard from fishermen from all over my district, from Greenville to Portsmouth, who have reached out to my office to tell me that H.R. 200 will harm their way of life by threatening already depleted fish populations and increase the threat of overfishing. The fishermen in my State need leg-islation that would build on time-test-ed tools to strengthen fisheries and prevent overfishing instead of this bill, which would set management programs back and weaken effective conserva-tion tools. I join with those fishermen in oppos-ing this misguided approach to reau-thorizing the Magnuson-Stevens Act. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote ‘‘no’’ on final passage. Mr. Chairman, I again thank the gen-tleman for yielding. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 5 minutes to the gen-tleman from Louisiana (Mr. GRAVES ). Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the dean of the House, the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ), the chairman emeritus, I think, for most committees in the Con-gress and many other great accom-plishments for yielding time and for all the work on this bill. Mr. Chairman, I find this whole de-bate interesting in that I have heard speaker after speaker come up on the other side of the aisle talking about the importance of their fisheries, talk-ing about how this bill is going to ruin 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JY7.060 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6072 July 11, 2018 
resource management and sustain-ability of fisheries. Mr. Chairman, I ask you to take a look at this poster right here, and I will also spout out just a few statistics. Between my home State of Louisiana and the dean’s home State of Alaska, I believe we have more than half of the commercial fisheries landings in the United States, and as demonstrated here, we have more than half of the recreational fishing in the United States. I appreciate the concerns that are being raised, but I am not sure whom they are representing. We represent the recreational fishers. We have the larg-est commercial fishing industries in the United States. What this bill does is this bill simply updates the science. It allows for up-dated science. It allows to build upon successful practices that have been car-ried out by States for coastal fisheries, for inland fisheries, allowing for better techniques, allowing for better science to ensure the sustainability of the fish-eries. Mr. Chairman, how rational is it that someone who represents Louisiana— and I also want to point to the com-ments that my colleague from Lou-isiana (Mr. H
IGGINS ) made a few min-utes ago. We both represent the coast of Louisiana. How rational is it that the two of us and the gentleman who represents the entire State of Alaska would come out and advocate for poli-cies that would undermine the sustain-ability of fisheries in two incredibly important industries in our State? That is completely nonsensical. That is why, Mr. Chairman, this bill is bipartisan. It is why we have bipar-tisan support for this legislation by those who have cosponsored it. It is why the Congressional Sportsmen’s Foundation; the National Coalition for Fishing Communities; the National Marine Manufacturers Association; the Theodore Roosevelt Conservation Part-nership; the Coastal Conservation As-sociation, or CCA; Guy Harvey Ocean Foundation; Florida Fish and Wildlife Commission; Center for Sport Fishing Policy; Freezer Longline Coalition; Mississippi State Legislature; Johnny Morris, who is the CEO of Bass Pro Shops; American Scallop Association; Garden State Seafood Association; West Coast Seafood Processors Asso-ciation; Lund’s Seafood; North Caro-lina Fisheries Association; Florida Keys Commercial Fishing Association; Gulf Coast Seafood Alliance; South-eastern Fisheries Association; and many, many others that have a gen-uine stake in the sustainability of our fisheries, some of the leaders in con-servation in our fisheries, are sup-portive of this legislation. So let me say it again, Mr. Chairman, this bill improves science. It uses up-dated science. I am not going to point to the dec-ades-long tenure of my friend, but I think the original legislation perhaps could use some updating, and so this updates the science, and it provides for more transparency in the science and allows for public participation. These are all good things that we need to be supporting. I do appreciate the input by my friend from California on this legisla-tion, and I do hope that we can work together to get this to a posture to where everyone is supportive; but I do think it is important to refocus the fact that we are the ones who represent the majority of this economic driver, the majority of these jobs around the country, and they are the ones that represent these families that, for gen-erations, have fished recreationally and that we want to ensure can fish for generations to come. Mr. Chairman, I also want to thank the gentleman from Alaska for includ-ing our Modern Fish Act, which I think helps to update some practices where there is increased demand for rec-reational and commercial fisheries and providing a little bit better balance there. Mr. Chairman, I urge support of this important bill. It moves our science and transparency and public participa-tion in the right direction. It is going to improve the sustainability of our fisheries, the jobs associated with rec-reational and commercial fisheries, and the economic activity that these sustainable fisheries support. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, while I certainly ap-preciate the size of the Louisiana and Alaska fisheries—and to some extent, I am jealous of some of the fishing op-portunities that exist in those places. I have fished, myself, in Alaska, but Mr. G
RAVES has yet to invite me to Lou-isiana for some fishing, and we hope to fix that going forward. I don’t want to leave the impression that the fishing industry and fishing communities in other parts of the country are not just as important. I also don’t want to leave the impression that there is universal support for H.R. 200 even in Alaska and Louisiana. So we are going to have a little bit of a battle of the posters, Mr. Chairman. This is a partial listing of the groups that oppose H.R. 200 in its current form. They oppose it for the reasons that I have mentioned. They consider it irresponsible to undermine the science-based catch limits and rebuild-ing framework that have been so crit-ical to the success of this bill going for-ward, and they don’t want to see us backslide into the era of loose regula-tions and overfishing that will inevi-tably follow. They have seen this movie before, and they know what hap-pens when we undermine core con-servation provisions. So among the many groups and orga-nizations listed in opposition, we cer-tainly have the Alaska Long Line Fish-ermen’s Association, over here, the Gulf Fishermen’s Association, and the Gulf of Mexico Reef Fish Shareholders Alliance, among many, many others in opposition to H.R. 200. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from the State of Washington (Ms. JAYAPAL ). Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to H.R. 200, which, unfor-tunately, I believe, joining my col-leagues, would undermine our ability to responsibly manage our fisheries and would ultimately harm our fishing industry in the United States. Because of the Magnuson-Stevens Act and diligent science-based fisheries management, the United States is viewed as an international leader in the industry. In my district, since 2000, more than 40 overfished stocks have bounced back not by luck, Mr. Chairman, but because of commonsense regulations that were put in place by the MSA. The industry has put an emphasis on setting catch limits and rehabilitating these stocks to ensure that the indus-try can continue to thrive for genera-tions to come. Since 2010, when just 28 of those 40 stocks had been rebuilt, we saw a 54 percent increase in commer-cial gross revenues, which is income that goes directly back into our com-munities. In 2015, commercial fishing in my home State of Washington brought in $1.7 billion, which was lower than some previous years because of those very ongoing overfishing challenges in our oceans, especially in the Pacific North-west. These rollbacks that are proposed in this bill would make things worse. Locally, we are focused on increasing revenues by maintaining healthy stocks and healthy oceans. We can grow opportunities for future genera-tions while also protecting our envi-ronment and strengthening our econ-omy. I am so proud to be from the State of Washington, the State that elected Warren Magnuson to this body, and of the fact that the Magnuson-Stevens Act has demonstrated broad bipartisan support as well as support, as my col-leagues said, from the fishing industry, environmentalists, scientists, chefs, and business owners. It is our responsi-bility, Mr. Chairman, to continue to build on those successes, and we can do that today by voting ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 200. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from South Carolina (Mr. D
UN-
CAN). Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank Chairman Y
OUNG , the dean of the House, for his efforts on this. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of H.R. 200, the Strengthening Fishing Communities and Increasing Flexi-bility in Fisheries Management Act. As chairman of the Congressional Sportsmen’s Caucus and an avid rec-reational angler, I am proud to be a co-sponsor of this bipartisan effort to pro-vide much-needed reform to our Na-tion’s fisheries management. Mr. Chairman, I would ask the speak-ers that have gone before me on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JY7.062 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6073 July 11, 2018 
other side of the aisle if any of them fish or are they a member of the Con-gressional Sportsmen’s Caucus. Have they taken the opportunity to educate themselves on the fishery issues that we are facing today? Generations of folks have enjoyed one of America’s greatest pastimes in our coastal waters. Unfortunately, an-tiquated Federal policies have unneces-sarily limited the public’s access to abundant marine fisheries. Commercial and recreational fishing are different activities that require dif-ferent management strategies. The Magnuson-Stevens Act has lacked the tools necessary to address the needs of recreational fisheries management. H.R. 200 provides an opportunity to rec-ognize the alternative management ap-proach in the Nation’s principal fish-eries law to the benefit of 11 million saltwater anglers. Despite what some have said, H.R. 200 does not roll back conservation but, in-stead, provides Federal fishery man-agers with the tools to effectively man-age both recreational and commercial fisheries. It provides for 21st century technologies to guide fishery manage-ment decisions that will further ensure that our marine resources are managed for abundance, long-term sustain-ability, and to the greatest benefit of the Nation. As a recreational angler for my en-tire life, I understand the critical role that we play in conservation resource management. In 2016, anglers and boat-ers contributed $628 million in excise taxes for sport fish conservation and management, boating safety, infra-structure, and habitat restoration. In addition to that, anglers contributed $693 million through fish and license fees. This bill will continue to ensure the conservation of our marine fisheries and will restore the public’s trust in fisheries management. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, I certainly want to re-spectfully push back on the idea that you have to be a member of the Con-gressional Sportsmen’s Caucus to have standing in this debate. The fact is, and we have shared some of the groups opposing this legislation, the opposition includes many rec-reational fishing interests, and oppos-ing legislators include many of us who actually do spend a lot of time on the water catching fish. So let’s dispel that notion. Now, there are some in the rec-reational fishing sector who will argue that Magnuson is broken, that it does not work for them, because, as they ex-plain, it requires recreational fisheries, just like other fisheries, to abide by overall catch limits that are based on science. In other words, the law doesn’t work because they don’t want to have to stop fishing when their catch reaches unsustainable levels. That is a situation not of a law that is broken. It actually shows that we have a law that is playing a very, very important role. Now, what would H.R. 200 do if it were enacted into law? It would enable recreational anglers to take more fish right now without regard for the fu-ture. Proponents of the bill are advocating to increase recreational catch limits, reallocate catch away from commer-cial fishermen with mandated realloca-tion reviews, and water down the sus-tainable fishing mandates in current law. b1530 That would mean taking more fish now, threatening fisheries with the risk of overfishing in the future, which we know, because we have seen this movie before, will lead to bans and closed fisheries in the future. Managing fisheries sometimes re-quires tough choices. It shouldn’t be about immediate gratification. And let’s remember, the recreational fisher-men are not disadvantaged under the current management system. In fact, in some regions, like the Gulf of Mex-ico, recreational fishers currently take home 70 percent of the Gulf’s most pop-ular fish. Recreational anglers land an overwhelming majority of species like amberjack, cobia, red drum, king mackerel, spotted sea trout, and triggerfish. And for the Gulf red snap-per, the division of quota between the recreational and seafood sectors is a more balanced situation, roughly 50/50. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-man, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, with all due respect to my good friends on the other side of the aisle, they are promoting the oppo-sition to this bill from interest groups that don’t have any interest in com-mercial fishing, period. Let’s be real about this. What hurts me, I have heard them say that it removes science from fish-eries. Let’s explore this. No one is lis-tening, but that is okay. For starters, the words ‘‘science’’ and ‘‘data’’ appear 34 times throughout the bill. Section 207 directs the councils to establish a plan for cooperative re-search that brings together a wide va-riety of high-quality, non-Federal data to support existing data. This is about States, coastal areas, villages, communities, fishermen mak-ing decisions instead of the Federal Government, and I know they don’t like that. Section 208 directs the Secretary to work with the States to find the best way to incorporate State data, just not their own data. Section 301 directs the Secretary to develop a strategic plan for conducting stock assessments for every stock in a fishery’s management plan. Again, science. Section 303 replaces an arbitrary 10- year rebuilding requirement. If the fish come back quicker under this bill, H.R. 200, they could be fished at a sustain-able yield level. Under the present law, which I wrote, they can’t do that. Oth-erwise, we lose years and management of the fish for a period of time. That is up to the councils under H.R. 200. Section 306 directs the Secretary to expedite approval of high-quality State data in the Gulf of Mexico to better ad-vantage those recreational-heavy fish-eries. Finally, everything in this bill con-tinues to be bound by the scientific principle of the Magnuson mandate to utilize the best available science for management decisions. There is noth-ing in this bill that weakens it, noth-ing. Yet I keep hearing the constant waves of dissension on the other side because they don’t want to renew and make a better bill. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-man, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I again would like to talk about this legislation, the H.R. 200 bill. I am dis-appointed in the other side. It is a par-tisan issue, and, unfortunately, it is. I was listening to the speakers on the other side, and they really don’t have a concrete reason to object to this bill other than what they are being told by those who don’t want commercial fish-ing, and they don’t want recreational fishing. They may not say that, but in reality, that is really what they are seeking. Now, I again go back to myself and the period of time when the 200-mile limit occurred. Why did it happen? I was in Kodiak, Alaska. None of you were even born, probably, at that time. I was in Kodiak, Alaska, looked out 12 miles off the shore of Kodiak, and there was a wall of lights. I said: What is that? This was before I was a Congressman. He said: That is foreign fishermen catching our fish—catching our fish, America’s fish. When I got elected to Congress, one of the first things I did was try to de-velop the Magnuson-Stevens Act with Gerry Studds from Massachusetts. He was in the majority; I was the minor-ity; and I explained to him what was happening. He went back home to a fishing dis-trict and then said: You have got a good idea. Let’s develop an economic zone 200 miles out, and we will control the fisheries in that area. So we worked together bipartisanly, wrote a bill with a concrete suggestion for sustainable yield for fish, fisher-men, communities for America, and for our coastal States that are involved in commercial fisheries and recreational fisheries. We passed that bill, yes, out of the House, I believe, pretty much unani-mously. Went to the Senate side, and the Senate sided with Magnuson-Ste-vens and decided to do the same thing. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JY7.063 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6074 July 11, 2018 
Out of that, after we had opposition from just about every liberal in the business—for what reason, I don’t know, other than they thought it would affect the international sea—it was finally signed into law by Presi-dent Ford. From there, we have gone to the best managed fisheries in the world. From there, under the Magnuson-Stevens Act, we have been able to achieve what we should do. But we have grown in science. We have grown in more knowl-edge about how and where we should fish and when. People talk about the species that were depleted. There were no species until this bill was established. And we rebuilt them, and we are still rebuild-ing them under our science under this bill. But it gives that flexibility to States to help manage. Now, I know on that side of the aisle, they believe that the Federal Govern-ment can do everything—in fact, they should do everything because we don’t know what we are doing. The States aren’t really States, they are part of the Federal Government, instead of the other way around. I argue that knowledge within States with science available and science under present law under this bill, which we do not extinguish, is really the crux of this issue, that the 200-mile limit, the H.R. 200 bill, my bill today— not because of me. I did not write this bill for myself. I wrote it for the com-munities, for the fish, and the fisher-men for America. Those that oppose it, I said: Uh-uh. They are not listening to the commu-nities. They believe Big Government can do best for them and States should not be involved. I argue it is the States’ issue to protect their fish, yes, with supervision of the Federal Gov-ernment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, of course I have great respect for my colleague from Alaska. In fact, in many ways, he deserves credit for helping craft the original Fishery Conservation and Management Act, for bringing to the Nation what could be considered the Alaska model of fisheries management through sub-sequent Magnuson Act reauthoriza-tions. So I find myself, ironically, in the position of defending the frame-work that he essentially created against my colleagues’ attempts to make changes that I believe are fun-damentally threatening to that very framework. It is this Alaska model that we sup-port, complete with science-based catch limits, industry accountability for sustainable harvest, and the con-stant march towards sustainable prac-tices. That is what has made U.S. fish-eries, under the Magnuson Act, a model for the world, and that is what we are trying to continue. Now, it has been suggested that re-building timeframes are too rigid and too restrictive. We will talk more about this when we get to some of the specific debate on amendments. But it is important to know that there is flexibility on rebuilding goals in the Magnuson Act and that flexibility is being used. It is also working. And a great example of that is what has hap-pened with sea scallops under the Mag-nuson Act. Fishery managers implemented a re-building plan for sea scallops in 1998. Within a couple of years, the fishery had been rebuilt, and now the scallop fishery is one of the country’s most valuable fisheries. In 1998, a little over 13 million pounds of scallop were landed. By 2016, that amount had tripled to 40 million pounds, resulting in more money in fishermen’s pockets. So there is a lot at stake with these issues, and we should bear in mind not only the numbers we talked about re-garding the many jobs, the billions of dollars contributed to the economy from commercial and recreational fish-ing, but the potential to do even more and to do even better if we manage our fisheries carefully. NOAA has estimated that rebuilding all U.S. fish stocks would generate an additional $31 billion in seafood sales, support an additional 500,000 jobs, and increase the revenue that fishermen re-ceive at the dock by $2.2 billion. That is why we want to keep these critical provisions that have worked so well, because we can do even better if we stay the course. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ). Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank Congressman Y
OUNG for his leadership. Mr. Chairman, it has been said dur-ing this debate that recreational fish-ermen aren’t being disadvantaged under the current system. Our fisher-men, both commercial and rec-reational, are absolutely being dis-advantaged, and that is exactly why we must pass this bill. I will give you one example. If you are a commercial fisherman in New York, you could catch 50 pounds of fluke once per day for 7 days. You have to go out. You can catch 50 pounds. That is 350 pounds for the week. Now, it would make more sense if we were able to have a system in place where they were catching 350 pounds maybe in 1 day, like maybe New Jer-sey, where you could do 500 pounds for 3 days. Or if we want to talk about the science where you have black sea bass, 240 percent over the target biomass, yet we are seeing a quota reduction, compared to other States, in New York. Our fishermen are getting dis-advantaged under the current system. Or the NOAA observer program, where you have a fisherman who is taking someone out to go to an area where they know there is not going to be any fish and they end up collecting flawed data that is sitting on a shelf and not even ending up getting used. The reality right now is that we have fishermen in my district who are des-perate to survive 365 days of the year, from early in the morning until late at night, barely making ends meet, on a boat that barely works, with overhead where they are having trouble being able to pay their own bills to get by. They are looking for people to fight for them in this Chamber, to fight for that business owner, to fight for them so that they can make ends meet. It is about protecting the fishery as those very fishermen care so much about. But they know that the system could get better, and that is why we are here, fighting for them. That is why I thank DONYOUNG for his leader-ship, because they are watching right now on C–SPAN. In my district, those fishermen are watching on the internet, they are watching on TV, and they are looking for people to fight for them because they have been struggling for years and decades, and they are desperate to get this passed so that they can afford to pay their bills, so that when they are going out at 3 a.m. tomorrow and they are going to come back late at night, that they know that things are going in the right direction, that their gov-ernment is going to start working for them at the Federal level, the State level, the regional level, we are doing our part. Mr. Chairman, I encourage my col-leagues to vote for this bill. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-man, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
ENEGREEN ). Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I thank my longtime friend, Congressman Y
OUNG , our dean of the House, for yielding me the time. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of H.R. 200, the Strengthening Fishing Communities and Increasing Flexi-bility in Fisheries Management Act. This bipartisan bill reauthorizes one of the most successful conservation pro-grams in Magnuson-Stevens in a way that recognizes many of the successes of the program. Magnuson-Stevens was established in 1976 with one primary goal: to reduce overfishing. With a successful update in the 1990s and 2000s, we have now met many of the goals the program was es-tablished to meet. Compared to when the law was estab-lished, 84 percent of the stocks are no longer overfished, according to the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration. Yet we still treat many of these healthy fish stocks as if noth-ing has changed. I am an avid sportsman. I have hunt-ed and fished with both my son and my grandchildren. There is no one who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JY7.065 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6075 July 11, 2018 
cares more about conservation and pro-tection of endangered species than hunters and recreational fishers. It is time that Magnuson-Stevens reflects a healthy balance between commercial and recreational fishermen. All too often, recreational fishers take a backseat to the commercial in-terests. This bill recognizes the unique space that recreational anglers occupy and gives them the certainty they need to enjoy our natural resources. b1545 Saltwater anglers contribute $70 bil-lion annually to the Nation’s economy and support jobs all over the country, and there is no one who cares more about the health of our oceans either. In 2016, anglers, through excise taxes, contributed $628 million in support of conservation programs and resource management. This bill will set catch limits in 3- year time periods to give anglers cer-tainty so they know when to plan trips. All too often, arbitrary changes to sea-sons have caused problems up and down the Gulf Coast of Texas. This bill recognizes that technology has advanced in many ways in meas-uring the health of our fish stocks. State agencies, universities, and local conservation groups have come with up with many innovative ways to measure the health of fish stocks. I am glad that this bill includes language that I worked on to make sure that we had the most scientifically accurate data possible when it comes to determining the number of certain stocks. Mr. Chair, I am proud to be a cospon-sor to this bill and urge all of my col-leagues to support it. I thank the gen-tleman from Alaska for the time. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chair, we certainly support rec-reational fishing. I do. I have a lot of it in my district, and that is one of the reasons why, as I worked with Mr. Y
OUNG to try to achieve a bipartisan reauthorization bill, we were willing to accept many of the provisions regard-ing recreational fishing. But you don’t help recreational anglers when you go too far in relaxing annual catch limits or when you go too far in rolling back the rebuilding framework. Because when these fisheries crash, as inevi-tably they will, it is not just commer-cial fishing boats that are going to be out of the water. Everyone suffers. These fisheries will be closed. And that is why so many recreational fishing interest groups and individuals have weighed in in opposition to H.R. 200. They have concluded, as we have, that the short-term gratification for some is not worth the long-term dam-age to all. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair, how much time do I have remaining? The CHAIR. The gentleman from Alaska has 4 minutes remaining. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ), the chairman of the full committee who allowed me to bring this out-standing bill to the floor of the House. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chair, this bill is the result of more than 6 years of work with commercial and rec-reational fishing groups, the seafood industry, coastal communities, and both sides of the aisle. It is a bipar-tisan bill that codifies the Obama-era guidelines and provides flexibility for fishery managers. It is a good bill, but I do want to ad-dress some of the inconsistencies that have been circulated by Members or NGOs. At least let me hit some of the most gross inaccuracies. In dissenting views, it was written that: 
Don Young agreed to work with Demo-cratic Members and the staff to develop a bi-partisan bill. Unfortunately, Chairman Bishop pulled the plug on promising negotia-tions and rushed to markup with a half- baked mash-up of bad ideas. 
This bill was a year in negotiation. Our efforts of trying to put numerous provisions on the table and accepting additional Democratic provisions were simply labeled as nonstarters. Every time Mr. Y
OUNG agreed to a change, an-other issue came up. It is a perfect ex-ample of Lucy pulling the ball out from under Charlie Brown. Mr. Y
OUNG is Charlie Brown. Mr. Chair, I am appreciative, though, of certain off-committee Democrats who jumped at the opportunity to com-promise. I especially want to thank Mr. V
EASEY and Mr. G REEN for their will-ingness to work across the aisle and as-sist with cosponsoring this particular bill. Opponents of this bill said there is no science; that it is being taken out of the management decisions. Science and data appear 34 times throughout the bill. Sections 207, 208, 301, 303, and 306, all require the Secretary to use science, which means, if Mr. Y
OUNG  were trying to remove science from his bill and the process, he really did a crappy job at it. This bill is also coming with the old canard that we are going to start over-fishing. There is nothing in this bill that removes basic requirements that prevent overfishing, and it is con-sistent with guidelines for fishery man-agement that were put forth in the Obama administration. Another dissenting point that was made says that this bill is nothing more than a partisan measure. It is a cute idea, but something that is simply not there. Letters from scientists, many of them—in fact, most of them— do not conduct the type of research that underpins fisheries management. All have said that all of these agencies, the ESA, NEPA, and the Antiquities Act, whatever, are going to be de-stroyed because of this bill. There was one specifically from the Seafood Harvesters of America that was brought to my attention because in that particular letter that was dated in June of this year, the group claimed that section 12 repealed sections of the Magnuson-Stevens Act. That is really cute because there is no section 12 in this act. Section 12 hasn’t been a part of this bill since November of 2017. In the op-position letters to this particular bill, there have always been references to previous versions of the bill, or they failed to recognize significant changes that were added, compromises that were added by both Mr. YOUNG and Mr. G
RAVES in their manager’s amend-ment. The kind of rhetoric that is opposed to this particular bill that we are see-ing, in the past from NGOs, embodies what is wrong with Washington. I hope that everyone can see these kind of glaring inaccuracies. I am proud to support this bill. This bill does provide science. This bill does go through the process. This bill does move us forward. This bill does help commercial fishing and recreational fishing and the communities that are involved there. It is a good step for-ward. It has been 6 years in the com-ing. It has been 1 year of heavy work right now. It needs to go forward. Mr. Chair, I appreciate the oppor-tunity of speaking and supporting this bill. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, while we have some differences in the two sides, I don’t be-lieve that I have been injecting hyperpartisan rhetoric in this debate. Our differences, as I have emphasized multiple times, are about policy. This is not about which party we are on. In fact, it used to be very bipartisan, that this Congress would defend science- based catch limits and rigorous re-building timeframes because we all knew that those were very, very impor-tant provisions for sustainable fish-eries, whether you were a Democrat or a Republican. Now, if there is some group out there who has written a letter that refers to the wrong section, or includes inflam-matory rhetoric because they feel like they were kept out of the loop as this bill developed, maybe that is an indica-tion that they were kept out of the loop as this bill developed. And maybe that should have been considered along with the pile of letters that have come into my office and into other offices expressing fierce opposition to some of these irresponsible changes being pro-posed in this Magnuson-Stevens Act re-authorization. Rather than disparage the stake-holders who are opposing this bill, I think we should listen to them. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-man, I include in the R
ECORD a list of supporters of this legislation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JY7.067 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6076 July 11, 2018 
MAGNUSON -STEVENS REAUTHORIZATION  C
OALITION (115TH–H.R. 200) Letters of Support 
ORGANIZATION  State of Florida; State of Mississippi; AFTCO Manufacturing Co., Inc; Banks, Inc.; Alliance Sports Group; Bass Pro Shops; American Fishing Wire/Hi-Seas; Beach Ma-rine Products; American Tackle Company; Big Rock Sports, LLC; Anglers Journal TV; Billfish Inc.; Anglers Resource, LLC; Bluefin USA; B.A.S.S., LLC; Bob Sands Fishing Tackle; Bonnier Corporation; Brunswick Boat Group; Classic Fishing Products, Inc.; Bullet Weights, Inc. Compass 360; Cabin Creek Bait Company; Composites One; Calderone & Associates; Crappie USA, Inc.; Capt. Harry’s Fishing Supply; Crook & Crook, Inc.; Careco Multi-media Entertainment LLC; Dave’s Bait, Tackle & Taxidermy; Catalyst Marketing Services; DL Ventures, LLC; CB’s Saltwater Outfitters; Do-It Corporation; Chris Craft; Marine Division—Americas 
|Dometic Cor-poration; Don Coffey Company; FLW, LLC; Eposeidon Outdoor Adventures, Inc.; Forest River Inc.; Etic USA; Formula Boats. F.J. Neil Company, Inc.; G-Rods Inter-national; Faria/Beede Instruments; G5 Prod-ucts LLC; FISH307, LLC; GEM Products, Inc.; Fishidy, Inc.; Grady-White Boats; Fishunt Essentials, LLC; Hook & Gaff Watch Company; Fluid Motion LLC; Hook & Tackle Outfitters; iAngler Tournament Systems, LLC; Magic Tilt Trailers, Inc.; IMTRA Cor-poration; Malin Company; INDMAR Prod-ucts; Marble, LLC; Jay’s Sporting Goods; Marine Accessories Corporation; Jones & Company. Maui Jim Sunglasses; Kureha America, LLC/Seaguar; Maverick Boat Group; L & S Bait Company; Maxima USA; Lew’s Fishing Tackle; MCBC Holding Inc.; Lucas Oil Prod-ucts Inc.; Mercury Marine; Millers Boating Center, Inc.; Pitman Creek Wholesale; Mud Hole Custom Tackle; PRADCO-Fishing; NauticStar Boats; Pro-Troll Fishing Prod-ucts; Northland Fishing Tackle, LLC; ProNav Marine; On The Water Media Group; Rapala; Outdoor Pro Shop, Inc.; Realtree Ac-tive. Outdoor.media; Red Drum Tackle Shop, Inc.; OutdoorFlics Digital Studios + Media Lab; Robalo Boats; Pacific Catch; Rockfish Sports; Rod-N-Bobb’s, Inc.; Southeastern Fishing Tackle Liquidators; Rogers Sports Marketing; Southwick Associates, Inc.; Rome Specality Company, Inc.; Sport Out-doors TV; Rudow’s FishTalk Magazine; Sportco Marketing, Inc.; Seasonal Mar-keting, Inc.; Sportsman Boats Manufac-turing, Inc.; SeaStar Solutions; Springfield Marine; Shimano North American Holding, Inc; St. Croix Rods. Skeeter Boats; Stealth Products, LLC; Smoker Craft, Inc.; SteelShad Fishing Com-pany; Strike King Lure Company; Throw Raft LLC; Syntec Industries LLC; Tim Bai-ley & Associates; T-H Marine Supplies, Inc.; Tom Posey Company; Tackle Warehouse; Top Brass Tackle; Temple Fork Outfitters; Trik Fish LLC; The Fisherman Magazine; TTI-Blackmore Fishing Group; The Ham-mond Group; Uncle Josh Bait Company; Thomas F. Gowen & Sons; Vapor Apparel. Thomas Spinning Lures, Inc.; Vectorply Corporation; Water Gremlin Company; ZEBCO Brands; Water Sports Industry Asso-ciation; Zee Bait Co.; What The Fin Apparel & Purple Tuna Tees Inc.; White River Marine Group; Wholesale Buying Group; Wright & McGill Co.; Yakima Bait Company; Yamaha Marine Group; Z-Man Fishing Products, Inc.; American Scallop Association; Atlantic Red Crab Company; Atlantic Capes Fisheries; BASE Seafood; California Wetfish Producers Association; Cape Seafood. Garden State Seafood Association; Inlet Seafood; Long Island Commercial Fishing Association; Lunds Fisheries, Inc.; North Carolina Fishers Association; Rhode Island Commercial Fishermen’s Alliance; Seafreeze Ltd.; Town Dock; West Coast Seafood Proc-essors Association; Western Fishboat Owners Association; Freezer Longline Coalition; Florida Keys Commercial Fishing Associa-tion; Gulf Coast Seafood Alliance; South-eastern Fisheries Association. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chair, we have some very critical differences of opinion on whether this bill is a good idea after years of success in rebuilding depleted fish stocks, after all of the economic value that we have created by allowing commercial and recreational fishing to resume in places all over this country, where at one time it was shut down because we failed to properly manage our fisheries. We think, fundamentally, it is a bad idea at this point to declare mission accomplished and start rolling back the very bedrock provisions that have enabled us to achieve this success. It is with that in mind that I request Mem-bers to vote ‘‘no,’’ and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-man, I want to thank the gentleman. I have no more speakers, and I am going to close by saying this is good legisla-tion. We may have differences of opin-ion. It should be done. I am quite proud of the original act. I am proud of this act, too. Because I believe in the fish-eries, not only commercial, and rec-reational, but sustainable; sustainable for the communities, the fish, and ev-erybody in America. Mr. Chairman, I urge passage of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. All time for general de-bate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. It shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amend-ment under the 5-minute rule the amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute recommended by the Com-mittee on Natural Resources, printed in the bill. The committee amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. The text of the committee amend-ment in the nature of a substitute is as follows: 
H.R. 200 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Strengthening Fishing Communities and Increasing Flexibility in Fisheries Management Act’’. 
SEC. 2. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
The table of contents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Table of contents. Sec. 3. Definitions. Sec. 4. References. TITLE I—MAGNUSON-STEVENS ACT FIND-INGS AND DEFINITIONS AMENDMENTS AND REAUTHORIZATION Sec. 101. Amendments to findings. Sec. 102. Amendments to definitions. Sec. 103. Authorization of appropriations. TITLE II—FISHERIES MANAGEMENT FLEXIBILITY AND MODERNIZATION Sec. 201. Definitions. Sec. 202. Process for allocation review for South Atlantic and Gulf of Mexico mixed-use fisheries. Sec. 203. Alternative fishery management meas-ures. Sec. 204. Modifications to the annual catch limit requirement. Sec. 205. Limitation on future catch share pro-grams. Sec. 206. Study of limited access privilege pro-grams for mixed-use fisheries. Sec. 207. Cooperative data collection. Sec. 208. Recreational fishing data. Sec. 209. Miscellaneous amendments relating to fishery management councils. TITLE III—HEALTHY FISHERIES THROUGH BETTER SCIENCE Sec. 301. Healthy fisheries through better science. Sec. 302. Transparency and public process. Sec. 303. Flexibility in rebuilding fish stocks. Sec. 304. Exempted fishing permits. Sec. 305. Cooperative research and management program. Sec. 306. Gulf of Mexico fisheries cooperative research and red snapper manage-ment. Sec. 307. Ensuring consistent management for fisheries throughout their range. TITLE IV— STRENGTHENING FISHING COMMUNITIES Sec. 401. Estimation of cost of recovery from fishery resource disaster. Sec. 402. Deadline for action on request by Gov-ernor for determination regarding fishery resource disaster. Sec. 403. North Pacific Fishery management clarification. Sec. 404. Limitation on harvest in North Pacific directed pollock fishery. Sec. 405. Arctic community development quota. Sec. 406. Reallocation of certain unused harvest allocation. Sec. 407. Prohibition on shark feeding off coast of Florida. Sec. 408. Restoration of historically freshwater environment. SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act, any term used that is defined in section 3 of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Con-servation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1802) shall have the same meaning such term has under that section. 
SEC. 4. REFERENCES. 
Except as otherwise specifically provided, whenever in this Act an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or re-peal of, a provision, the reference shall be con-sidered to be made to a provision of the Magnu-son-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Manage-ment Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.). TITLE I—MAGNUSON-STEVENS ACT FIND-INGS AND DEFINITIONS AMENDMENTS AND REAUTHORIZATION 
SEC. 101. AMENDMENTS TO FINDINGS. 
Section 2(a) (16 U.S.C. 1801) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘cultural well-being,’’ after ‘‘economy,’’; and (2) in paragraph (10), by inserting ‘‘and tradi-tional ways of life’’ after ‘‘economic growth’’. 
SEC. 102. AMENDMENTS TO DEFINITIONS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 3 (16 U.S.C. 1802) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘management program’’; (2) in paragraph (34), by striking ‘‘The terms ‘overfishing’ and ‘overfished’ mean’’ and insert-ing ‘‘The term ‘overfishing’ means’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:34 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A11JY7.020 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6077 July 11, 2018 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (8) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(8a) The term ‘depleted’ means, with respect to a stock of fish or stock complex, that the stock or stock complex has a biomass that has declined below a level that jeopardizes the ca-pacity of the stock or stock complex to produce maximum sustainable yield on a continuing basis.’’; and (4) by inserting after paragraph (43) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(43a)(A) The term ‘subsistence fishing’ means fishing in which the fish harvested are intended for customary and traditional uses, including for direct personal or family consumption as food or clothing; for the making or selling of handicraft articles out of nonedible byproducts taken for personal or family consumption, for barter, or sharing for personal or family con-sumption; and for customary exchange or trade. ‘‘(B) In this paragraph— ‘‘(i) the term ‘family’ means all persons re-lated by blood, marriage, or adoption, or any person living within the household on a perma-nent basis; and ‘‘(ii) the term ‘barter’ means the exchange of a fish or fish part— ‘‘(I) for another fish or fish part; or ‘‘(II) for other food or for nonedible items other than money if the exchange is of a limited and noncommercial nature.’’. (b) S
UBSTITUTION OF TERM.—The Magnuson- Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.) is amended— (1) in the heading of section 304(e), by striking ‘‘O
VERFISHED ’’ and inserting ‘‘D EPLETED ’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘overfished’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘depleted’’. (c) C
LARITY IN ANNUAL REPORT .—Section 304(e)(1) (16 U.S.C. (e)(1)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The report shall dis-tinguish between fisheries that are depleted (or approaching that condition) as a result of fish-ing and fisheries that are depleted (or approach-ing that condition) as a result of factors other than fishing. The report shall state, for each fishery identified as depleted or approaching that condition, whether the fishery is the target of directed fishing.’’. 
SEC. 103. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 4 (16 U.S.C. 1803) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘this Act’’ and all that follows through ‘‘(7)’’ and inserting ‘‘this Act’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2013’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022’’. TITLE II—FISHERIES MANAGEMENT FLEXIBILITY AND MODERNIZATION 
SEC. 201. DEFINITIONS. 
For the purposes of implementing this title: (1) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS .— The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives. (2) L
IMITED ACCESS PRIVILEGE PROGRAM .—The term ‘‘limited access privilege program’’ means a program that meets the requirements of section 303A of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Con-servation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1853a). (3) M
IXED-USE FISHERY .—The term ‘‘mixed- used fishery’’ means a Federal fishery in which two or more of the following occur: (A) Recreational fishing. (B) Charter fishing. (C) Commercial fishing. 
SEC. 202. PROCESS FOR ALLOCATION REVIEW FOR SOUTH ATLANTIC AND GULF OF MEXICO MIXED-USE FISHERIES. 
(a) S TUDY OF ALLOCATIONS IN MIXED-USE F
ISHERIES .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce shall seek to enter into an arrange-ment with the National Academy of Sciences to conduct a study of South Atlantic and Gulf of Mexico mixed-use fisheries— (1) to provide guidance to each applicable Council on criteria that could be used for allo-cating fishing privileges, including consider-ation of the conservation and socioeconomic benefits of the commercial, recreational, and charter components of a fishery, in the prepara-tion of a fishery management plan; (2) to identify sources of information that could reasonably support the use of such cri-teria in allocation decisions; (3) to develop procedures for allocation re-views and potential adjustments in allocations; and (4) that shall consider the ecological, economic and social factors relevant to each component of the mixed-use fishery including but not limited to: fairness and equitability of all current allo-cations; percent utilization of available alloca-tions by each component; consumer and public access to the resource; and the application of economic models for fully estimating the direct and indirect value-added contributions of the various commercial and recreational fishing in-dustry market sectors throughout chain of cus-tody. (b) REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date an arrangement is entered into under sub-section (a), the National Academy of Sciences shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the study conducted under that subsection. (c) P
ROCESS FOR ALLOCATION REVIEW AND ES-
TABLISHMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, and every 5 years thereafter, an applicable Council shall perform a review of the allocations to the com-mercial fishing sector and the recreational fish-ing sector of all applicable fisheries in its juris-diction. (2) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In conducting a review under paragraph (1), an applicable Council shall consider, in each allocation decision, the conservation and socioeconomic benefits of— (A) the commercial fishing sector; and (B) the recreational fishing sector. (d) D
EFINITION OF APPLICABLE COUNCIL .—In this section, the term ‘‘applicable Council’’ means— (1) the South Atlantic Fishery Management Council; or (2) the Gulf of Mexico Fishery Management Council. 
SEC. 203. ALTERNATIVE FISHERY MANAGEMENT MEASURES. 
Section 302(h) (16 U.S.C. 1852(h)) is amend-ed— (1) in paragraph (7)(C), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) by redesignating paragraph (8) as para-graph (9); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (7), the fol-lowing: ‘‘(8) have the authority to use alternative fishery management measures in a recreational fishery (or the recreational component of a mixed-use fishery), including extraction rates, fishing mortality targets, and harvest control rules, in developing a fishery management plan, plan amendment, or proposed regulations; and’’. 
SEC. 204. MODIFICATIONS TO THE ANNUAL CATCH LIMIT REQUIREMENT. 
(a) R EGIONAL FISHERY MANAGEMENT COUN-
CILS.—Section 302 (16 U.S.C. 1852) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(m) C
ONSIDERATIONS FOR MODIFICATIONS TO  A
NNUAL CATCH LIMITREQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) A
NNUAL CATCH LIMIT REQUIREMENT FOR  
CERTAIN DATA -POOR FISHERIES .—Notwith- standing subsection (h)(6), in the case of a stock of fish for which the total annual catch limit is 25 percent or more below the overfishing limit, a peer-reviewed stock survey and stock assessment have not been performed during the preceding 5 fishing years, and the stock is not subject to overfishing, a Council may, after notifying the Secretary, maintain the current annual catch limit for the stock until a peer-reviewed stock survey and stock assessment are conducted and the results are considered by the Council and its scientific and statistical committee. ‘‘(2) CONSIDERATION OF ECOSYSTEM AND ECO -
NOMIC IMPACTS .—In establishing annual catch limits a Council may, consistent with subsection (h)(6), consider changes in an ecosystem and the economic needs of the fishing communities. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATIONS TO ANNUAL CATCH LIMIT RE -
QUIREMENT FOR SPECIAL FISHERIES .—Notwith- standing subsection (h)(6), a Council is not re-quired to develop an annual catch limit for— ‘‘(A) an ecosystem-component species; ‘‘(B) a fishery for a species that has a life cycle of approximately 1 year, unless the Sec-retary has determined the fishery is subject to overfishing; or ‘‘(C) a stock for which— ‘‘(i) more than half of a single-year class will complete their life cycle in less than 18 months; and ‘‘(ii) fishing mortality will have little impact on the stock. ‘‘(4) R
ELATIONSHIP TO INTERNATIONAL FISHERY  
EFFORTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each annual catch limit, consistent with subsection (h)(6)— ‘‘(i) may take into account management meas-ures under international agreements in which the United States participates; and ‘‘(ii) in the case of an annual catch limit de-veloped by a Council for a species, shall take into account fishing for the species outside the exclusive economic zone and the life-history characteristics of the species that are not subject to the jurisdiction of the Council. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION TO ANNUAL CATCH LIMIT RE -
QUIREMENT .—If fishery management activities by another country with respect to fishing out-side the exclusive economic zone may hinder conservation efforts by United States fishermen for a fish species for which any of the recruit-ment, distribution, life history, or fishing activi-ties are transboundary, and for which there is no informal transboundary agreement with that country in effect, then— ‘‘(i) notwithstanding subsection (h)(6), no an-nual catch limit is required to be developed for the species by a Council; and ‘‘(ii) if an annual catch limit is developed by a Council for the species, the catch limit shall take into account fishing for the species outside the exclusive economic zone that is not subject to the jurisdiction of the Council. ‘‘(5) A
UTHORIZATION FOR MULTISPECIES COM -
PLEXES AND MULTIYEAR ANNUAL CATCH LIMITS .— For purposes of subsection (h)(6), a Council may establish— ‘‘(A) an annual catch limit for a stock com-plex; or‘including’ ‘‘(B) annual catch limits for each year in any continuous period that is not more than three years in duration. ‘‘(6) E
COSYSTEM -COMPONENT SPECIES DE -
FINED .—In this subsection the term ‘ecosystem- component species’ means a stock of fish that is a nontarget, incidentally harvested stock of fish in a fishery, or a nontarget, incidentally har-vested stock of fish that a Council or the Sec-retary has determined— ‘‘(A) is not subject to overfishing, approaching a depleted condition or depleted; and ‘‘(B) is not likely to become subject to over-fishing or depleted in the absence of conserva-tion and management measures. ‘‘(7) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection shall be construed as providing an exemption from the requirements of section 301(a) of this Act.’’. (b) A
CTION BY THE SECRETARY .—Section 304 (16 U.S.C. 1854) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(i) I
NTERNATIONAL OVER-
FISHING .—’’ and inserting ‘‘(j) I NTERNATIONAL  O
VERFISHING .—’’; (2) in subsection (j)(1), as redesignated, by in-serting ‘‘shall’’ before ‘‘immediately’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A11JY7.018 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6078 July 11, 2018 
‘‘(k) S TOCK SURVEYS AND ASSESSMENTS .—Not later than 2 years after the date that the Sec-retary receives notice from a Council under sec-tion 302(m), the Secretary shall complete a peer- reviewed stock survey and stock assessment of the applicable stock of fish and transmit the re-sults of the survey and assessment to the Coun-cil.’’. 
SEC. 205. LIMITATION ON FUTURE CATCH SHARE PROGRAMS. 
(a) C ATCH SHARE DEFINED .—Section 3 (16 U.S.C. 1802) is amended by inserting after para-graph (2) the following: ‘‘(2a) The term ‘catch share’ means any fish-ery management program that allocates a spe-cific percentage of the total allowable catch for a fishery, or a specific fishing area, to an indi-vidual, cooperative, community, processor, rep-resentative of a commercial sector, or regional fishery association established in accordance with section 303A(c)(4), or other entity.’’. (b) C
ATCH SHARE REFERENDUM PILOT PRO-
GRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 303A(c)(6)(D) (16 U.S.C. 1853a(c)(6)(D)) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(D) C
ATCH SHARE REFERENDUM PILOT PRO -
GRAM .— ‘‘(i) The New England, Mid-Atlantic, South Atlantic, and Gulf of Mexico Councils may not submit a fishery management plan or amend-ment that creates a catch share program for a fishery, and the Secretary may not approve or implement such a plan or amendment submitted by such a Council or a Secretarial plan or amendment under section 304(c) that creates such a program, unless the final program has been approved, in a referendum in accordance with this subparagraph, by a majority of the permit holders eligible to participate in the fish-ery. For multispecies permits in the Gulf of Mex-ico, any permit holder with landings from with-in the sector of the fishery being considered for the catch share program within the 5-year pe-riod preceding the date of the referendum and still active in fishing in the fishery shall be eligi-ble to participate in such a referendum. If a catch share program is not approved by the req-uisite number of permit holders, it may be re-vised and submitted for approval in a subse-quent referendum. ‘‘(ii) The Secretary may, at the request of the New England Fishery Management Council, allow participation in such a referendum for a fishery under the Council’s authority, by fish-ing vessel crewmembers who derive a significant portion of their livelihood from such fishing. ‘‘(iii) The Secretary shall conduct a ref-erendum under this subparagraph, including notifying all permit holders eligible to partici-pate in the referendum and making available to them— ‘‘(I) a copy of the proposed program; ‘‘(II) an estimate of the costs of the program, including costs to participants; ‘‘(III) an estimate of the amount of fish or percentage of quota each permit holder would be allocated; and ‘‘(IV) information concerning the schedule, procedures, and eligibility requirements for the referendum process. ‘‘(iv) For the purposes of this subparagraph, the term ‘permit holder eligible to participate’ only includes the holder of a permit for a fish-ery under which fishing has occurred in 3 of the 5 years preceding a referendum for the fishery, unless sickness, injury, or other unavoidable hardship prevented the permit holder from en-gaging in such fishing. ‘‘(v) The Secretary may not implement any catch share program for any fishery managed exclusively by the Secretary unless first peti-tioned by a majority of those permit holders eli-gible to participate in the fishery.’’. (2) L
IMITATION ON APPLICATION .—The amend-ment made by paragraph (1) shall not apply to a catch share program that is submitted to, or proposed by, the Secretary of Commerce before the date of enactment of this Act. (3) REGULATIONS .—Before conducting a ref-erendum under the amendment made by para-graph (1), the Secretary of Commerce shall issue regulations implementing such amendment after providing an opportunity for submission by the public of comments on the regulations. 
SEC. 206. STUDY OF LIMITED ACCESS PRIVILEGE PROGRAMS FOR MIXED-USE FISH-ERIES. 
(a) S TUDY ON LIMITED ACCESS PRIVILEGE PRO-
GRAMS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Com-merce shall seek to enter into an arrangement under which the Ocean Studies Board of the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine shall— (1) study the use of limited access privilege programs in mixed-use fisheries, including— (A) identifying any inequities caused by a lim-ited access privilege program; (B) recommending policies to address the in-equities identified in subparagraph (A); and (C) identifying and recommending the dif-ferent factors and information a mixed-use fish-ery should consider when designing, estab-lishing, or maintaining a limited access privilege program to mitigate any inequities identified in subparagraph (A); and (2) submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the study under paragraph (1), including the recommendations under sub-paragraphs (B) and (C) of paragraph (1). (b) T
EMPORARY MORATORIUM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graph (2), there shall be a moratorium on the submission and approval of a limited access privilege program for a mixed-used fishery until the date that the report is submitted under sub-section (a)(1)(B). (2) E
XCEPTION .—Subject to paragraph (3), a Council may submit, and the Secretary of Com-merce may approve, for a mixed- use fishery that is managed under a limited access system, a limited access privilege program if such pro-gram was part of a pending fishery management plan or plan amendment before the date of en-actment of this Act. (3) M
ANDATORY REVIEW .—A Council that ap-proves a limited access privilege program under paragraph (2) shall, upon issuance of the report required under subparagraph (a), review and, to the extent practicable, revise the limited access privilege program to be consistent with the rec-ommendations of the report or any subsequent statutory or regulatory requirements designed to implement the recommendations of the report. (4) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed to affect a limited ac-cess privilege program approved by the Sec-retary of Commerce before the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 207. COOPERATIVE DATA COLLECTION. 
(a) I MPROVING DATACOLLECTION AND ANAL-
YSIS.—Section 404 (16 U.S.C. 1881c) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) I
MPROVING DATACOLLECTION AND ANAL-
YSIS.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall develop, in consultation with the science and statistical committees of the Councils estab-lished under section 302(g) and the Marine Fish-eries Commissions, and submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Re-sources of the House of Representatives a report on facilitating greater incorporation of data, analysis, stock assessments, and surveys from State agencies and nongovernmental sources de-scribed in paragraph (2) into fisheries manage-ment decisions. ‘‘(2) N
ONGOVERNMENTAL SOURCES .—Non- governmental sources referred to in paragraph (1) include the following: ‘‘(A) Fishermen. ‘‘(B) Fishing communities. ‘‘(C) Universities. ‘‘(D) Research and philanthropic institutions. ‘‘(3) CONTENT .—In developing the report under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) identify types of data and analysis, espe-cially concerning recreational fishing, that can be reliably used for purposes of this Act as the basis for establishing conservation and manage-ment measures as required by section 303(a)(1), including setting standards for the collection and use of that data and analysis in stock as-sessments and surveys and for other purposes as determined by the Secretary; ‘‘(B) provide specific recommendations for col-lecting data and performing analyses identified as necessary to reduce uncertainty in and im-prove the accuracy of future stock assessments, including whether such data and analysis could be provided by nongovernmental sources, in-cluding fishermen, fishing communities, univer-sities, and research institutions; ‘‘(C) consider the extent to which it is possible to establish a registry of persons collecting or submitting the data and performing the anal-yses identified under subparagraphs (A) and (B); and ‘‘(D) consider the extent to which the accept-ance and use of data and analyses identified in the report in fishery management decisions is practicable.’’. (b) D
EADLINE .—The Secretary of Commerce shall develop and publish guidelines under the amendment made by paragraph (a) by not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act. (c) NAS R
EPORT RECOMMENDATIONS .—The Secretary of Commerce shall take into consider-ation and, to the extent feasible, implement the recommendations of the National Academy of Sciences in the report entitled ‘‘Review of the Marine Recreational Information Program (2017)’’, including— (1) prioritizing the evaluation of electronic data collection, including smartphone applica-tions, electronic diaries for prospective data col-lection, and an Internet website option for panel members or for the public; (2) evaluating whether the design of the Ma-rine Recreational Information Program for the purposes of stock assessment and the determina-tion of stock management reference points is compatible with the needs of in-season manage-ment of annual catch limits; and (3) if the Marine Recreational Information Program is incompatible with the needs of in- season management of annual catch limits, de-termining an alternative method for in-season management. 
SEC. 208. RECREATIONAL FISHING DATA. 
Section 401(g) (16 U.S.C. 1881(g)) is amended by redesignating paragraph (4) as paragraph (5), and by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) F
EDERAL -STATE PARTNERSHIPS .— ‘‘(A) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall es-tablish partnerships with States to develop best practices for implementation of State programs established pursuant to paragraph (2). ‘‘(B) G
UIDANCE .—The Secretary shall develop guidance, in cooperation with the States, that details best practices for administering State programs pursuant to paragraph (2), and pro-vide such guidance to the State.’’. 
SEC. 209. MISCELLANEOUS AMENDMENTS RELAT-ING TO FISHERY MANAGEMENT COUNCILS. 
(a) C OUNCIL JURISDICTION FOR OVERLAPPING  F
ISHERIES .—Section 302(a)(1) (16 U.S.C. 1852(a)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), in the second sen-tence— (A) by striking ‘‘18’’ and inserting ‘‘19’’; and (B) by inserting before the period at the end ‘‘and a liaison who is a member of the Mid-At-lantic Fishery Management Council to represent the interests of fisheries under the jurisdiction of such Council’’; and (2) in subparagraph (B), in the second sen-tence— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A11JY7.018 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6079 July 11, 2018 
(A) by striking ‘‘21’’ and inserting ‘‘22’’; and (B) by inserting before the period at the end ‘‘and a liaison who is a member of the New Eng-land Fishery Management Council to represent the interests of fisheries under the jurisdiction of such Council’’. (b) C
OUNCIL SEAT.—Section 302(b)(2) (16 U.S.C. 1852(b)(2)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or rec-reational’’ and inserting ‘‘, recreational, or sub-sistence fishing’’; and (2) in subparagraph (C), in the second sen-tence, by inserting ‘‘, and in the case of the Governor of Alaska with the subsistence fishing interests of the State,’’ after ‘‘interests of the State’’. (c) P
URPOSE .—Section 2(b)(3) (16 U.S.C. 1801(b)(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘and rec-reational’’ and inserting ‘‘, recreational, and subsistence’’. (d) P
ROHIBITION ON CONSIDERING REDSNAP-
PERKILLED DURING REMOVAL OF OILRIGS.— Any red snapper that are killed during the re-moval of any offshore oil rig in the Gulf of Mex-ico shall not be considered in determining under the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.) whether the total allowable catch for red snap-per has been reached. (e) P
ROHIBITION ON CONSIDERING FISHSEIZED  F
ROM FOREIGN FISHING .—Any fish that are seized from a foreign vessel engaged in illegal fishing activities in the exclusive economic zone shall not be considered in determining under the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.) the total allowable catch for that fishery. TITLE III—HEALTHY FISHERIES THROUGH BETTER SCIENCE 
SEC. 301. HEALTHY FISHERIES THROUGH BETTER SCIENCE. 
(a) D EFINITION OF STOCK ASSESSMENT .—Sec- tion 3 (16 U.S.C. 1802), as amended by section 102(a) of this Act, is further amended by redesig-nating the paragraphs after paragraph (42) in order as paragraphs (44) through (53), and by inserting after paragraph (42) the following: ‘‘(43) The term ‘stock assessment’ means an evaluation of the past, present, and future sta-tus of a stock of fish, that includes— ‘‘(A) a range of life history characteristics for such stock, including— ‘‘(i) the geographical boundaries of such stock; and ‘‘(ii) information on age, growth, natural mor-tality, sexual maturity and reproduction, feed-ing habits, and habitat preferences of such stock; and ‘‘(B) fishing for the stock.’’. (b) S
TOCK ASSESSMENT PLAN.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 404 (16 U.S.C. 1881c), as amended by section 207(a) of this Act, is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(f) S
TOCK ASSESSMENT PLAN.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall develop and publish in the Federal Register, on the same schedule as required for the strategic plan re-quired under subsection (b) of this section, a plan to conduct stock assessments for all stocks of fish for which a fishery management plan is in effect under this Act. ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—The plan shall— ‘‘(A) for each stock of fish for which a stock assessment has previously been conducted— ‘‘(i) establish a schedule for updating the stock assessment that is reasonable given the bi-ology and characteristics of the stock; and ‘‘(ii) subject to the availability of appropria-tions, require completion of a new stock assess-ment, or an update of the most recent stock as-sessment— ‘‘(I) every 5 years; or ‘‘(II) within such other time period specified and justified by the Secretary in the plan; ‘‘(B) for each stock of fish for which a stock assessment has not previously been conducted— ‘‘(i) establish a schedule for conducting an initial stock assessment that is reasonable given the biology and characteristics of the stock; and ‘‘(ii) subject to the availability of appropria-tions, require completion of the initial stock as-sessment within 3 years after the plan is pub-lished in the Federal Register unless another time period is specified and justified by the Sec-retary in the plan; and ‘‘(C) identify data and analysis, especially concerning recreational fishing, that, if avail-able, would reduce uncertainty in and improve the accuracy of future stock assessments, in-cluding whether such data and analysis could be provided by fishermen, fishing communities, universities, and research institutions, to the ex-tent that use of such data would be consistent with the requirements in section 301(a)(2) to base conservation and management measures on the best scientific information available. ‘‘(3) WAIVER OF STOCK ASSESSMENT REQUIRE -
MENT .—Notwithstanding subparagraphs (A)(ii) and (B)(ii), a stock assessment is not required for a stock of fish in the plan if the Secretary determines that such a stock assessment is not necessary and justifies such determination in the Federal Register notice required by this sub-section.’’. (2) D
EADLINE .—Notwithstanding section 404(f)(1) of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Con-servation and Management Act, as amended by this section, the Secretary of Commerce shall issue the first stock assessment plan under such section by not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 302. TRANSPARENCY AND PUBLIC PROCESS. 
(a) A DVICE .—Section 302(g)(1)(B) (16 U.S.C. 1852(g)(1)(B)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Each scientific and statistical committee shall develop such advice in a trans-parent manner and allow for public involvement in the process.’’. (b) M
EETINGS .—Section 302(i)(2) (16 U.S.C. 1852(i)(2)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) Each Council shall make available on the Internet Web site of the Council— ‘‘(i) to the extent practicable, a Webcast, an audio recording, or a live broadcast of each meeting of the Council, and of the Council Co-ordination Committee established under sub-section (l), that is not closed in accordance with paragraph (3); and ‘‘(ii) audio, video (if the meeting was in per-son or by video conference), or a searchable audio or written transcript of each meeting of the Council and of the meetings of committees referred to in section (g)(1)(B) of the Council by not later than 30 days after the conclusion of the meeting. ‘‘(H) The Secretary shall maintain and make available to the public an archive of Council and scientific and statistical committee meeting audios, videos, and transcripts made available under clauses (i) and (ii) of subparagraph (G).’’. (c) F
ISHERY IMPACT STATEMENTS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—Section 303 (16 U.S.C. 1853) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking paragraph (9) and redesignating paragraphs (10) through (15) as paragraphs (9) through (14), respectively; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) F
ISHERY IMPACT STATEMENT .— ‘‘(1) Any fishery management plan (or fishery management plan amendment) prepared by any Council or by the Secretary pursuant to sub-section (a) or (b), or proposed regulations deemed necessary pursuant to subsection (c), shall include a fishery impact statement which shall assess, specify and analyze the likely ef-fects and impact of the proposed action on the quality of the human environment. ‘‘(2) The fishery impact statement shall de-scribe— ‘‘(A) a purpose of the proposed action; ‘‘(B) the environmental impact of the pro-posed action; ‘‘(C) any adverse environmental effects which cannot be avoided should the proposed action be implemented; ‘‘(D) a reasonable range of alternatives to the proposed action; ‘‘(E) the relationship between short-term use of fishery resources and the enhancement of long-term productivity; ‘‘(F) the cumulative conservation and man-agement effects; and ‘‘(G) economic, and social impacts of the pro-posed action on— ‘‘(i) participants in the fisheries and fishing communities affected by the proposed action; ‘‘(ii) participants in the fisheries conducted in adjacent areas under the authority of another Council, after consultation with such Council and representatives of those participants; and ‘‘(iii) the safety of human life at sea, includ-ing whether and to what extent such measures may affect the safety of participants in the fish-ery. ‘‘(3) A substantially complete fishery impact statement, which may be in draft form, shall be available not less than 14 days before the begin-ning of the meeting at which a Council makes its final decision on the proposal (for plans, plan amendments, or proposed regulations pre-pared by a Council pursuant to subsection (a) or (c)). Availability of this fishery impact state-ment will be announced by the methods used by the Council to disseminate public information and the public and relevant government agen-cies will be invited to comment on the fishery impact statement. ‘‘(4) The completed fishery impact statement shall accompany the transmittal of a fishery management plan or plan amendment as speci-fied in section 304(a), as well as the transmittal of proposed regulations as specified in section (b). ‘‘(5) The Councils shall, subject to approval by the Secretary, establish criteria to determine actions or classes of action of minor significance regarding subparagraphs (A), (B), (D), (E), and (F) of paragraph (2), for which preparation of a fishery impact statement is unnecessary and categorically excluded from the requirements of this section, and the documentation required to establish the exclusion. ‘‘(6) The Councils shall, subject to approval by the Secretary, prepare procedures for compli-ance with this section that provide for timely, clear, and concise analysis that is useful to deci-sionmakers and the public, reduce extraneous paperwork and effectively involve the public, in-cluding— ‘‘(A) using Council meetings to determine the scope of issues to be addressed and identifying significant issues related to the proposed action; ‘‘(B) integration of the fishery impact state-ment development process with preliminary and final Council decision making in a manner that provides opportunity for comment from the pub-lic and relevant government agencies prior to these decision points; and ‘‘(C) providing scientific, technical, and legal advice at an early stage of the development of the fishery impact statement to ensure timely transmittal and Secretarial review of the pro-posed fishery management plan, plan amend-ment, or regulations to the Secretary.’’. (2) EVALUATION OF ADEQUACY .—Section 304(a)(2) (16 U.S.C. 1854(a)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon at the end of subparagraph (B), striking the period at the end of subparagraph (C) and inserting ‘‘; and’’, and by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) evaluate the adequacy of the accom-panying fishery impact statement as basis for fully considering the environmental impacts of implementing the fishery management plan or plan amendment.’’. (3) R
EVIEW OF REGULATIONS .—Section 304(b) (16 U.S.C. 1854(b)) is amended by striking so much as precedes subparagraph (A) of para-graph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) R
EVIEW OF REGULATIONS .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A11JY7.018 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6080 July 11, 2018 
‘‘(1) Upon transmittal by the Council to the Secretary of proposed regulations prepared under section 303(c), the Secretary shall imme-diately initiate an evaluation of the proposed regulations to determine whether they are con-sistent with the fishery management plan, plan amendment, this Act and other applicable law. The Secretary shall also immediately initiate an evaluation of the accompanying fishery impact statement as a basis for fully considering the en-vironmental impacts of implementing the pro-posed regulations. Within 15 days of initiating such evaluation the Secretary shall make a de-termination and—’’. (4) E
FFECT ON TIME REQUIREMENTS .—Section 305(e) (16 U.S.C. 1855(e)) is amended by inserting ‘‘the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.),’’ after ‘‘the Regulatory Flexibility Act (5 U.S.C. 601 et seq.),’’. 
SEC. 303. FLEXIBILITY IN REBUILDING FISH STOCKS. 
(a) G ENERAL REQUIREMENTS .—Section 304(e) (16 U.S.C. 1854(e)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (4)— (A) in subparagraph (A)(i), by striking ‘‘pos-sible’’ and inserting ‘‘practicable’’; (B) by amending subparagraph (A)(ii) to read as follows: ‘‘(ii) may not exceed the time the stock would be rebuilt without fishing occurring plus one mean generation, except in a case in which— ‘‘(I) the biology of the stock of fish, other en-vironmental conditions, or management meas-ures under an international agreement in which the United States participates dictate otherwise; ‘‘(II) the Secretary determines that the cause of the stock being depleted is outside the juris-diction of the Council or the rebuilding program cannot be effective only by limiting fishing ac-tivities; ‘‘(III) the Secretary determines that one or more components of a mixed- stock fishery is de-pleted but cannot be rebuilt within that time- frame without significant economic harm to the fishery, or cannot be rebuilt without causing another component of the mixed- stock fishery to approach a depleted status; ‘‘(IV) the Secretary determines that recruit-ment, distribution, or life history of, or fishing activities for, the stock are affected by informal transboundary agreements under which man-agement activities outside the exclusive eco-nomic zone by another country may hinder con-servation and management efforts by United States fishermen; and ‘‘(V) the Secretary determines that the stock has been affected by unusual events that make rebuilding within the specified time period im-probable without significant economic harm to fishing communities;’’; (C) by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon at the end of subparagraph (B), by redesignating subparagraphs (B) and (C) as subparagraphs (C) and (D), and by inserting after subpara-graph (A) the following: ‘‘(B) take into account environmental condi-tion including predator/prey relationships;’’; and (D) by striking the period at the end of sub-paragraph (D) (as so redesignated) and insert-ing ‘‘; and’’, and by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(E) specify a schedule for reviewing the re-building targets, evaluating environmental im-pacts on rebuilding progress, and evaluating progress being made toward reaching rebuilding targets.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) A fishery management plan, plan amend-ment, or proposed regulations may use alter-native rebuilding strategies, including harvest control rules and fishing mortality-rate targets to the extent they are in compliance with the re-quirements of this Act. ‘‘(9) A Council may terminate the application of paragraph (3) to a fishery if the Council’s sci-entific and statistical committee determines and the Secretary concurs that the original deter-mination that the fishery was depleted was erro-neous, either— ‘‘(A) within the 2-year period beginning on the effective date a fishery management plan, plan amendment, or proposed regulation for a fishery under this subsection takes effect; or ‘‘(B) within 90 days after the completion of the next stock assessment after such determina-tion.’’. (b) EMERGENCY REGULATIONS AND INTERIM  M
EASURES .—Section 305(c)(3)(B) (16 U.S.C. 1855(c)(3)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘180 days after’’ and all that follows through ‘‘provided’’ and inserting ‘‘1 year after the date of publica-tion, and may be extended by publication in the Federal Register for one additional period of not more than 1 year, if’’. 
SEC. 304. EXEMPTED FISHING PERMITS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Before the approval and issuance of an exempted fishing permit under section 600.745 of title 50, Code of Federal Regu-lations, or any successor regulation, the Sec-retary of Commerce shall— (1) direct a joint peer review of the application for the exempted fishing permit by the appro-priate regional fisheries science center and State marine fisheries commission; and (2) certify that the Council or Federal agency with jurisdiction over the affected fishery has determined that— (A) the fishing activity to be conducted under the proposed exempted fishing permit would not negatively impact any management measures or conservation objectives included within existing fishery management plans or plan amendments; (B) the social and economic impacts in both dollar amounts and loss of fishing opportunities on all participants in each sector of the fishery expected to occur as a result of the proposed ex-empted fishing permit would be minimal; (C) the information that would be collected through the fishing activity to be conducted under the proposed exempted fishing permit will have a positive and direct impact on the con-servation, assessment, or management of the fishery; and (D) the Governor of each coastal State poten-tially impacted by the proposed exempted fish-ing permit, as determined by the Secretary, has been consulted on the fishing activity to be con-ducted. (b) C
LARIFICATION .—The Secretary may not issue an exempted fishing permit under section 600.745 of title 50, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor regulation that— (1) establishes a limited access system as de-fined in section 3 of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1802); (2) is consistent with section 303A of such Act (16 U.S.C. 1853a); or (3) establishes a catch share program as de-fined in section 206(a) of this Act. (c) S
AVINGS PROVISION .—Except for subsection (b)(2), nothing in this section may be construed to affect an exempted fishing permit approved under section 600.745 of title 50, Code of Federal Regulations, before the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 305. COOPERATIVE RESEARCH AND MANAGE-MENT PROGRAM. 
Section 318 (16 U.S.C. 1867) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before the first sentence, and by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) Within one year after the date of enact-ment of the Strengthening Fishing Communities and Increasing Flexibility in Fisheries Manage-ment Act, and after consultation with the Coun-cils, the Secretary shall publish a plan for im-plementing and conducting the program estab-lished in paragraph (1). Such plan shall identify and describe critical regional fishery manage-ment and research needs, possible projects that may address those needs, and estimated costs for such projects. The plan shall be revised and up-dated every 5 years, and updated plans shall in-clude a brief description of projects that were funded in the prior 5-year period and the re-search and management needs that were ad-dressed by those projects.’’; and (2) in subsection (c)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘FUNDING ’’ and inserting ‘‘P
RIORITIES ’’; and (B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘including’’ and all that follows and inserting the following: ‘‘including— ‘‘(A) the use of fishing vessels or acoustic or other marine technology; ‘‘(B) expanding the use of electronic catch re-porting programs and technology; and ‘‘(C) improving monitoring and observer cov-erage through the expanded use of electronic monitoring devices.’’. 
SEC. 306. GULF OF MEXICO FISHERIES COOPERA-TIVE RESEARCH AND RED SNAPPER MANAGEMENT. 
(a) F EDERAL GULF OF MEXICO REDSNAPPER  M
ANAGEMENT .—Section 407 (16 U.S.C. 1883) is amended by striking all after the section head-ing and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) C
ERTIFICATION OF STATE SURVEYS .— ‘‘(1) I
NCLUSION OF CERTIFIED STATE SUR -
VEYS.—In establishing the acceptable biological catch and total allowable catch for red snapper in the Gulf of Mexico, the Secretary shall in-clude— ‘‘(A) Gulf State recreational fisheries surveys that are certified under subsection (b); and ‘‘(B) data related to red snapper in the Gulf of Mexico collected by the Gulf States Marine Fisheries Commission, nongovernmental organi-zations, and other nongovernmental sources, in-cluding universities and research institutions. ‘‘(b) S
TATE SURVEYS .— ‘‘(1) S
UBMISSION .—A Gulf State that conducts a recreational fisheries survey in the Gulf of Mexico to make catch estimates for red snapper landed in such State may submit such survey to the Secretary for certification. ‘‘(2) C
ERTIFICATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall make a certification or a denial of certification for any survey submitted under paragraph (1) not later than the end of the 6-month period beginning on the date the survey is submitted. ‘‘(B) D
EEMED CERTIFIED .—A recreational fish-eries survey is deemed to be certified effective upon the expiration of such period if the Sec-retary has not made a certification or denial of certification. ‘‘(3) M
ODIFICATION OF SURVEYS DENIED CER -
TIFICATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If a survey of a Gulf State is denied certification under paragraph (2), the Secretary shall, not later than 60 days after the date of the denial, provide the Gulf State a pro-posal for modifications to the survey. ‘‘(B) P
ROPOSAL .—A proposal provided to a Gulf State for a survey under subparagraph (A)— ‘‘(i) shall be specific to the survey submitted by such Gulf State and may not be construed to apply to any other Gulf State; ‘‘(ii) shall require revision to the fewest pos-sible provisions of the survey; and ‘‘(iii) may not unduly burden the ability of such Gulf State to revise the survey. ‘‘(C) M
ODIFIED SURVEY .— ‘‘(i) A
UTHORITY TO SUBMIT .—If a survey of a Gulf State was denied certification under para-graph (2), the Gulf State may modify the survey and submit the modified survey to the Secretary for certification or denial of certification. ‘‘(ii) S
CHEDULE .—The Secretary shall make a certification or denial of certification for any modified survey not later than the end of the 30- day period beginning on the date the modified survey is submitted. ‘‘(iii) D
EEMED CERTIFIED .—A modified survey is deemed to be certified effective upon the expi-ration of the period described in clause (ii) if the Secretary has not made a certification or denial of certification. ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A11JY7.018 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6081 July 11, 2018 
‘‘(1) G ULF STATE .—The term ‘Gulf State’ means each of the States of Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, or Florida. ‘‘(2) R
ED SNAPPER .—The term ‘red snapper’ means the species Lutjanus campechanus.’’. (b) S
TOCK SURVEYS AND STOCK ASSESS -
MENTS .—The Secretary of Commerce, acting through the National Marine Fisheries Service Regional Administrator of the Southeast Re-gional Office, shall for purposes of the Magnu-son-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Manage-ment Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.)— (1) develop a schedule of stock surveys and stock assessments for the Gulf of Mexico Region and the South Atlantic Region for the 5-year pe-riod beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and for every 5-year period thereafter; (2) direct the Southeast Science Center Direc-tor to implement such schedule; and (3) in such development and implementation— (A) give priority to those stocks that are com-mercially or recreationally important; and (B) ensure that each such important stock is surveyed at least every 5 years. (c) U
SE OF FISHERIES INFORMATION IN STOCK  A
SSESSMENTS .—The Southeast Science Center Director shall ensure that fisheries information made available through fisheries programs fund-ed under Public Law 112–141 is incorporated as soon as possible into any fisheries stock asessments conducted after the date of the en-actment of this Act. (d) S
TATE FISHERIES MANAGEMENT IN THE  G
ULF OF MEXICO WITHRESPECT TO REDSNAP-
PER.—Section 306(b) (16 U.S.C. 1856(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) Notwithstanding section 3(11), for the purposes of managing the recreational sector of the Gulf of Mexico red snapper fishery, the sea-ward boundary of a coastal State in the Gulf of Mexico is a line 9 miles seaward from the base-line from which the territorial sea of the United States is measured.’’. 
SEC. 307. ENSURING CONSISTENT MANAGEMENT FOR FISHERIES THROUGHOUT THEIR RANGE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Act is amended by in-serting after section 4 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 5. ENSURING CONSISTENT FISHERIES MAN-AGEMENT UNDER CERTAIN OTHER FEDERAL LAWS. 
‘‘(a) N ATIONAL MARINE SANCTUARIES ACT AND  A
NTIQUITIES ACT OF .—In any case of a conflict between this Act and the National Marine Sanc-tuaries Act (16 U.S.C. 1431 et seq.) or the Antiq-uities Act of 1906 (54 U.S.C. 320301 et seq.), this Act shall control. ‘‘(b) F
ISHERIES RESTRICTIONS UNDER ENDAN -
GERED SPECIES ACT OF .—To ensure trans-parency and consistent management of fisheries throughout their range, any restriction on the management of fish in the exclusive economic zone that is necessary to implement a recovery plan under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) shall be implemented— ‘‘(1) using authority under this Act; and ‘‘(2) in accordance with processes and time schedules required under this Act.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-tents in the first section is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 3 the following: ‘‘Sec. 4. Authorization of appropriations. ‘‘Sec. 5. Ensuring consistent fisheries manage-ment under certain other Federal laws.’’. TITLE IV— STRENGTHENING FISHING COMMUNITIES 
SEC. 401. ESTIMATION OF COST OF RECOVERY FROM FISHERY RESOURCE DIS-ASTER. 
Section 312(a)(1) (16 U.S.C. 1861a(a)(1)) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(A)’’ after ‘‘(1)’’; (2) by redesignating existing subparagraphs (A) through (C) as clauses (i) through (iii), re-spectively, of subparagraph (A) (as designated by the amendment made by paragraph (1)); and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) The Secretary shall publish the estimated cost of recovery from a fishery resource disaster no later than 30 days after the Secretary makes the determination under subparagraph (A) with respect to such disaster.’’. SEC. 402. DEADLINE FOR ACTION ON REQUEST BY GOVERNOR FOR DETERMINATION REGARDING FISHERY RESOURCE DISASTER. 
Section 312(a) (16 U.S.C. 1861a(a)) is amended by redesignating paragraphs (2) through (4) as paragraphs (3) through (5), and by inserting after paragraph (1) the following: ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall make a decision re-garding a request from a Governor under para-graph (1) within 90 days after receiving an esti-mate of the economic impact of the fishery re-source disaster from the entity requesting the re-lief.’’. 
SEC. 403. NORTH PACIFIC FISHERY MANAGEMENT CLARIFICATION. 
Section 306(a)(3)(C) (16 U.S.C. 1856(a)(3)(C)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘was no’’ and inserting ‘‘is no’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘on August 1, 1996’’. 
SEC. 404. LIMITATION ON HARVEST IN NORTH PA-CIFIC DIRECTED POLLOCK FISHERY. 
Section 210(e)(1) of the American Fisheries Act (title II of division C of Public Law 105–277; 16 U.S.C. 1851 note) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) H
ARVESTING .— ‘‘(A) L
IMITATION .—No particular individual, corporation, or other entity may harvest, through a fishery cooperative or otherwise, a percentage of the pollock available to be har-vested in the directed pollock fishery that ex-ceeds the percentage established for purposes of this paragraph by the North Pacific Fishery Management Council. ‘‘(B) M
AXIMUM PERCENTAGE .—The percentage established by the North Pacific Fishery Man-agement Council shall not exceed 24 percent of the pollock available to be harvested in the di-rected pollock fishery.’’. 
SEC. 405. ARCTIC COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT QUOTA. 
Section 313 (16 U.S.C. 1862) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(k) A
RCTIC COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT  Q
UOTA .—If the North Pacific Fishery Manage-ment Council issues a fishery management plan for the exclusive economic zone in the Arctic Ocean, or an amendment to the Fishery Man-agement Plan for Fish Resources of the Arctic Management Area issued by such Council, that makes available to commercial fishing, and es-tablishes a sustainable harvest level, for any part of such zone, the Council shall set aside not less than 10 percent of the total allowable catch therein as a community development quota for coastal villages located north and east of the Bering Strait.’’. 
SEC. 406. REALLOCATION OF CERTAIN UNUSED HARVEST ALLOCATION. 
(a) R EALLOCATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Effective January 1, 2018, and thereafter annually, if the Regional Admin-istrator receives receipt of written notice that the allocation holder named in section 803 of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2004 (Public Law 108–199, 16 U.S.C. 1851 note), will not har-vest some or all of the Aleutian Islands directed pollock, the Regional Administrator, as soon as practicable, shall— (A) if the allocation as designated in section 803 of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2004 does not exceed the total allowable catch for the Bering Sea subarea, reallocate the projected un-used Aleutian Islands directed pollock to the Bering Sea subarea for harvest by the allocation holder named in section 803 of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2004; or (B) if the allocation exceeds the total allow-able catch for the Bering Sea subarea, reallocate a portion of the allocation, up to the total al-lowable catch for the Bering Sea Subarea. (2) The allocation shall be provided to the Aleut Corporation for the purposes of economic development in Adak, Alaska, pursuant to the requirement of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.). (b) IMPLEMENTATION .—For the purposes of this section: (1) the allocation holder described in sub-section (a) shall retain control of the allocation referenced in such subsection, including such portions of the allocation that may be reallo-cated pursuant to this section; and (2) the allocations in section 206(b) of the American Fisheries Act (16 U.S.C. 1851 note) apply to the Bering Sea portion of the directed pollock fishery and not to the allocation holder under section 803 of the Consolidated Appro-priations Act, 2004. (c) C
ONSENT REQUIREMENT .—The Aleut Cor-poration will provide written consent for other vessels to take or process the allocation, a phys-ical copy of which must be present on the vessel. (d) R
EVISION OF REGULATIONS AND MANAGE -
MENT PLANS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The North Pacific Fishery Management Council, in consultation with the National Marine Fisheries Service, shall modify all applicable regulations and management plans so that the allocation holder named in section 803 of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2004, may harvest the reallocated Aleutian Islands directed pollock fishery in the Bering Sea subarea as soon as practicable. (2) M
ANAGEMENT OF ALLOCATION .—The Na- tional Marine Fisheries Service, in consultation with the North Pacific Fishery Management Council, shall manage the Aleutian Islands di-rected pollock fishery to ensure compliance with the implementing statute and with the annual harvest specifications. (3) E
NFORCEMENT .—Taking or processing any part of the allocation made by section 803 of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2004, and re-allocated under this section without the consent required under subsection (c) shall be considered in violation of section 307 of the Magnuson-Ste-vens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1857) and subject to the penalties and sanctions under section 308 of such Act (16 U.S.C. 1858), and any fish harvested or proc-essed under such taking or possessing shall be subject to forfeiture. 
SEC. 407. PROHIBITION ON SHARK FEEDING OFF COAST OF FLORIDA. 
Section 307 (16 U.S.C. 1857) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘It is unlawful—’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—It is unlawful—’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) P
ROHIBITION ON SHARK FEEDING OFF C
OAST OF FLORIDA .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—It is unlawful— ‘‘(A) for any diver to engage in shark feeding in covered waters; and ‘‘(B) for any person to operate a vessel for hire for the purpose of carrying a passenger to a site if such person knew or should have known that the passenger intended, at that site, to be a diver— ‘‘(i) engaged in shark feeding in covered waters; or ‘‘(ii) engaged in observing shark feeding in covered waters. ‘‘(2) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-section: ‘‘(A) C
OVERED WATERS .—The term ‘covered waters’ means Federal waters off the coast of Florida. ‘‘(B) D
IVER.—The term ‘diver’ means a person who is wholly or partially submerged in covered water and is equipped with a face mask, face mask and snorkel, or underwater breathing ap-paratus. ‘‘(C) S
HARK FEEDING .—The term ‘shark feed-ing’ means— ‘‘(i) the introduction of food or any other sub-stance into covered water for the purpose of feeding or attracting sharks; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A11JY7.018 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6082 July 11, 2018 
‘‘(ii) presenting food or any other substance to a shark for the purpose of feeding or attracting sharks. ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION .—This subsection shall not apply to shark feeding conducted— ‘‘(A) by a research institution, university, or government agency for research purposes; or ‘‘(B) for the purpose of harvesting sharks.’’. 
SEC. 408. RESTORATION OF HISTORICALLY FRESHWATER ENVIRONMENT. 
Section 3(10) (16 U.S.C. 1802) is amended by inserting ‘‘, except that such term shall not in-clude any area previously covered by land or a fresh water environment in a State where the average annual land loss of such State during the 20 years before the date of the enactment of the Strengthening Fishing Communities and In-creasing Flexibility in Fisheries Management Act exceeds 10 square miles’’ after ‘‘maturity’’. 
The CHAIR. No amendment to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in House Report 115–786. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be de-batable for the time specified in the re-port, equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . YOUNG OF  
ALASKA  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 115–786. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 17, strike lines 17 through 23 (and re-designate the subsequent quoted clauses). Page 23, strike lines 20 through 23 and in-sert the following: (b) P
UBLICATION .—The Secretary of Com-merce shall make available on the Internet Website of the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration the report required under the amendment made by subsection (a) by not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act. Beginning at page 31, strike line 23 and all that follows through page 36, line 25. Beginning at page 40, line 17, strike section 304 and insert the following: 
SEC. 304. EXEMPTED FISHING PERMITS. 
(a) O BJECTIONS .—If the relevant Council, the Interstate Marine Fisheries Commission, or the fish and wildlife agency of an affected State objects to the approval and issuance of an exempted fishing permit under section 600.745 of title 50, Code of Federal Regula-tions, or any successor regulation, the Re-gional Administrator of the National Marine Fisheries Service who issued such exempted fishing permit shall respond to such entity in writing detailing why such exempted fish-ing permit was issued. (b) 12-
MONTH FINDING .—At the end of the 12-month period beginning on the date the exempted fishing permit is issued under sec-tion 600.745 of title 50, Code of Federal Regu-lations, or any successor regulation, the Council that prepared the fishery manage-ment plan, or the Secretary in the case of a fishery management plan prepared and im-plemented by the Secretary, shall review the exempted fishing permit and determine whether any unintended negative impacts have occurred that would warrant the dis-continuation of the permit. (c) CLARIFICATION .—The Secretary may not issue an exempted fishing permit under sec-tion 600.745 of title 50, Code of Federal Regu-lations, or any successor regulation that— (1) establishes a limited access system as defined in section 3 of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1802); (2) is consistent with section 303A of such Act (16 U.S.C. 1853a); or (3) establishes a catch share program as de-fined in section 206(a) of this Act. (d) S
AVINGS PROVISION .—Except for sub-section (b), nothing in this section may be construed to affect an exempted fishing per-mit approved under section 600.745 of title 50, Code of Federal Regulations, before the date of the enactment of this Act. Beginning at page 44, line 1, strike section 306 and insert the following: 
SEC. ll. FEDERAL GULF OF MEXICO RED SNAP-PER MANAGEMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 407 (16 U.S.C. 1883) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 407. CERTIFICATION OF STATE SURVEYS. 
‘‘(a) S UBMISSION .—A Gulf State that con-ducts a marine recreational fisheries statis-tical survey in the Gulf of Mexico to make catch estimates for red snapper landed in such State may submit such survey to the Secretary for certification. ‘‘(b) C
ERTIFICATION STANDARDS .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of the Strengthening Fishing Communities and Increasing Flexibility in Fisheries Manage-ment Act, the Secretary shall establish and provide the Gulf States with standards for certifying State marine recreational fish-eries statistical surveys that shall— ‘‘(1) ensure that State marine recreational fisheries statistical surveys are appro-priately pilot tested, independently peer re-viewed, and endorsed for implementation by the reviewers; ‘‘(2) use designs consistent with accepted survey sampling practices; and ‘‘(3) minimize the potential for bias and known sources of survey error. ‘‘(c) C
ERTIFICATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall make a certification or a denial of certifi-cation for any marine recreational fisheries statistical survey submitted under sub-section (a) not later than the end of the 6- month period beginning on the date that the survey and information needed to evaluate the survey under the standards established under subsection (b) are submitted. ‘‘(2) T
IMING .—In the case of a certification request from a Gulf State, the Secretary shall begin evaluation of the request upon receipt of all information necessary to make a determination consistent with the stand-ards set forth under subsection (b). ‘‘(3) D
EEMED CERTIFIED .—A marine rec-reational fisheries statistical survey shall be deemed to be certified effective upon the ex-piration of the 6-month period described in paragraph (1) if the Secretary has not made a certification or denial of certification. ‘‘(d) M
ODIFICATION OF SURVEYS DENIED CER-
TIFICATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If a marine recreational fisheries statistical survey of a Gulf State is denied certification under subsection (c), the Secretary shall, not later than 60 days after the date of the denial, provide the Gulf State a proposal for modifications to the survey. ‘‘(2) P
ROPOSAL .—A proposal provided to a Gulf State for a survey under paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) shall be specific to the survey sub-mitted by such Gulf State and may not be construed to apply to any other Gulf State; ‘‘(B) shall require revision to the fewest possible provisions of the survey; and ‘‘(C) may not unduly burden the ability of such Gulf State to revise the survey. ‘‘(3) MODIFIED SURVEY .— ‘‘(A) A
UTHORITY TO SUBMIT .—If a marine recreational fisheries statistical survey of a Gulf State was denied certification under subsection (c), the Gulf State may modify the survey and submit the modified survey to the Secretary for certification or denial of certification. ‘‘(B) S
CHEDULE .—The Secretary shall make a certification or denial of certification for any modified survey not later than the end of the 30-day period beginning on the date the modified survey is submitted. ‘‘(C) D
EEMED CERTIFIED .—A modified sur-vey is deemed to be certified effective upon the expiration of the period described in sub-paragraph (B) if the Secretary has not made a certification or denial of certification.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in the first section is amended by striking the item relating to section 407 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 407. Certification of State surveys.’’. Beginning at page 48, line 13, strike section 307. Beginning at page 52, at line 8, strike sec-tion 406 and insert the following: 
SEC. ll. REALLOCATION OF CERTAIN UNUSED HARVEST ALLOCATION. 
(a) R EALLOCATION .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, each year upon re-ceipt by the Secretary of Commerce (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’) of written notice from the allocation holder named in section 803 of division B of the Con-solidated Appropriations Act, 2004 (Public Law 108–199, 16 U.S.C. 1851 note) that such holder will not harvest all or a part of the al-location authorized pursuant to that Act, the Secretary shall reallocate for that year the unused portion of such allocation to the Bering Sea subarea of the BSAI (as defined in section 679.2 of title 50, Code of Federal Regulations) and shall assign the reallocated unused portion of the allocation only to eli-gible vessels as described in subsection (b)(1) for harvest in the Bering Sea subarea of the BSAI, consistent with any agreements as de-scribed in subsection (c). (b) E
LIGIBILITY TO RECEIVE REALLOCA -
TION.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Only vessels defined in subsection (a), (b), (c), or (e) of section 208 of the American Fisheries Act (16 U.S.C. 1851 note), or any vessels authorized to replace such vessels, may receive a reallocation de-scribed in subsection (a). (2) L
IMITATION ON REALLOCATIONS .—The Secretary shall not reallocate the allocation described in subsection (a) in any year if such reallocation exceeds the annual catch limit for pollock in the Bering Sea subarea of the BSAI. (3) C
ALCULATIONS .—Any amount of the re-allocation described in subsection (a) shall not be used in the calculation of harvesting or processing excessive shares as described in section 210(e) of the American Fisheries Act (16 U.S.C. 1851 note). (4) C
ONDITIONS .—In any year, the assign-ment, transfer, or reallocation shall not vio-late the requirements of section 206(b) of the American Fisheries Act (title II of the divi-sion C of Public Law 105–277; 16 U.S.C. 1851 note). (c) A
GREEMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Each year, the allocation holder named in section 803(a) of division B of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2004 (Public Law 108–199, 16 U.S.C. 1851 note) may establish one or more agreements with the owners of some or all of the eligible vessels as defined in subsection (b)(1). (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Each agreement de-scribed in paragraph (1)— (A) shall specify those eligible vessels that may receive a reallocation and the amount 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JY7.018 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6083 July 11, 2018 
of reallocation that such vessels may receive in accordance with subsection (b)(2); and (B) may contain other requirements or compensation agreed to by the allocation holder named in section 803 of division B of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2004 (Public Law 108–199, 16 U.S.C. 1851 note) and the owners of such eligible vessels, provided such requirements or compensation are oth-erwise consistent with the American Fish-eries Act (16 U.S.C. 1851 note), the Magnuson- Stevens Fishery Conservation and Manage-ment Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.), and any other applicable law. (d) E
XISTING AUTHORITY .—Except for the measures required by this section, nothing in this section shall be construed to limit the authority of the North Pacific Fishery Man-agement Council or the Secretary under the American Fisheries Act (16 U.S.C. 1851 note), the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.), or other applicable law. (e) E
NFORCEMENT .—Taking or processing any part of the allocation made by section 803 of division B of the Consolidated Appro-priations Act, 2004 (Public Law 108–199, 16 U.S.C. 1851 note), and reallocated under this section in a manner that is not consistent with the reallocation authorized by the Sec-retary shall be considered in violation of sec-tion 307 of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1857) and subject to the penalties and sanc-tions under section 308 of such Act (16 U.S.C. 1858), and subject to the forfeiture of any fish harvested or processed. (f) C
LARIFICATIONS .— (1) A
MENDMENT .—Subsection (c) of section 803 of division B of the Consolidated Appro-priations Act, 2004 (Public Law 108–199, 16 U.S.C. 1851 note) is amended by striking ‘‘during the years 2004 through 2008’’. (2) P
URPOSE OF REALLOCATION .—Consistent with subsection (d) of section 803 of division B of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2004 (Public Law 108–199, 16 U.S.C. 1851 note), the reallocation of the unused portion of the allocation provided to the allocation holder named in subsection (a) of such section for harvest in the Bering Sea subarea of the BSAI is for the purposes of economic devel-opment in Adak, Alaska pursuant to the re-quirements of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.). Page 55, after line 4, insert the following (and redesignate the subsequent sections ac-cordingly): 
SEC. ll. COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT QUOTA PROGRAM PANEL VOTING PROCE-DURES. 
Section 305(i)(1)(G)(iv) (16 U.S.C. 1855(i)(1)(G)(iv)) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(iv) V
OTING REQUIREMENT .—The panel may act only by the affirmative vote of 5 of its members.’’. Beginning at page 57, line 1, strike section 408 and insert the following: 
SEC. ll. RESTORATION OF HISTORICALLY FRESHWATER ENVIRONMENT. 
Section 3(10) (16 U.S.C. 1802) is amended— (1) by inserting a comma after ‘‘feeding’’; and (2) by inserting the following: ‘‘except that such term— ‘‘(A) does not include an area that— ‘‘(i) was previously covered by land or a fresh water environment; and ‘‘(ii) is in a State where the average annual land loss of such State during the 20 years before the date of the enactment of the Strengthening Fishing Communities and In-creasing Flexibility in Fisheries Manage-ment Act exceeds 10 square miles; and ‘‘(B) does not apply with respect to a project undertaken by a State or local gov-ernment with the purpose of restoration or protection of an area described in subpara-graph (A).’’. The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 965, the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alaska. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-man, my amendment makes a series of modifications in the underlying bill and removes specific provisions related to the Endangered Species Act, the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act, and the Antiquities Act, at the request of my Democrat cosponsors from Texas, Mr. G
ENEGREEN and Mr. M ARCVEASEY . I introduced H.R. 200 in the early days of the 115th Congress. We have made many changes during the com-mittee markup on H.R. 200. We adopted amendments authored by Ms. B
ORDALLO from Guam, as well as from the Senate Modern Fish Act that passed the Senate Committee on Com-merce with an overwhelming bipar-tisan majority. My manager’s amendment elimi-nated some provisions in the bill that were most troublesome to Democrats, even though many outside stake-holders and Members on my side of the aisle considered those to be important components of the bill. The further spirited bipartisan compromise and willingness to support a number of Democratic amendments today—de-spite the rhetoric coming from the committee Democrats—our actions, our markup, and our willingness to work with House Democrats show that we have, in fact, been willing to work in a bipartisan manner. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment and the under-lying bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition, although I am not op-posed to the manager’s amendment. The CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Cali-fornia? There was no objection. The CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, in 1996, during floor debate passage of the bipartisan Sustainable Fisheries Act that amended and reauthorized Magnu-son, the gentleman from Alaska said the following: 
It is crucial that the management agencies within the Federal Government be proactive in protecting fisheries rather than attempt-ing to address overfished stocks after they are in a crisis situation. 
I couldn’t agree more, and it is true now, more than ever. Twenty-two years ago our fisheries were in sham-bles. Rampant overfishing had deci-mated stocks to the point of collapse and Congress needed to make some tough choices to ensure that there were fish left to catch in our oceans. We made tough choices in 1996, and we made them in 2006, putting in place requirements to end overfishing, to re-build overfished stocks, and setting science-based annual catch limits. And because we did that, because we made those tough choices, the number of overfished stocks is at an all-time low. The number of rebuilt stocks is at an all-time high, and most stocks are trending in a positive direction that is benefiting fishermen in coastal com-munities. I cannot support legislation that would turn our backs on what has worked so well, but H.R. 200, unfortu-nately, would take us in the wrong di-rection, back to the bad old days of fisheries management and taxpayer bailouts because we loosen the rules that prevent overfishing. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for his many years of service in this Cham-ber, and I would note that those of us who were not here in 1996 are not so- called johnny-come-latelies, but we are simply younger than the gentleman. In fact, just about everyone in this House is younger than the gentleman, and I say that with great respect. b1600 I have worked on fisheries issues throughout my time in this Chamber and, before that, for 6 years in the Cali-fornia Assembly. In my personal life, I have been fishing as long as I can re-member. I have even pulled in set nets on a commercial boat in Cook Inlet in the gentleman’s district. So my years of interest in these issues is largely why I am so disappointed to be stand-ing here debating a fisheries bill that is, unfortunately, too partisan. My staff and I worked hard and in good faith to find a bipartisan com-promise, and while the manager’s amendment does remove some of the most egregious language that would undermine environmental laws like the Endangered Species Act, the National Marine Sanctuaries Act, the American Antiquities Act, and the National En-vironmental Policy Act, the fact is those provisions never should have been in a Magnuson reauthorization bill in the first place. They were al-ways nonstarters, and removing them does not fix the serious threat to fish-eries posed by H.R. 200’s undermining of catch limits and rebuilding time-frames. What is more, my staff and I did offer compromise language from Senator WICKER ’s Modernizing Recreational Fisheries Management Act. Even that language that every single Republican on the Senate Commerce, Science, and Transportation Committee had sup-ported in markup was rejected, unfor-tunately, by my colleagues across the aisle and did not find its way into the manager’s amendment. We also offered on these points of dis-agreement for catch limits and rebuild-ing timeframes to simply leave exist-ing law in place because it has been working, and that, too, was unaccept-able, unfortunately, to our colleagues across the aisle. So what is left before 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JY7.019 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6084 July 11, 2018 
us in H.R. 200 would fundamentally gut provisions that have made Magnuson so successful. Now is not the time to move away from catch limits based on sound science and toward catch limits based on wishful thinking. It is not the time to allow rebuilding of overstocked fish to be delayed indefinitely. We have seen this movie before, and we know what happens. Mr. Chairman, the manager’s amend-ment does remove some poison pill pro-visions that should never have been in the bill, but it does nothing to fix the wrongheaded rollbacks of catch limits and rebuilding timeframes that will in-evitably lead us to overfishing. That is why this bill has been called the empty oceans act, and that is why it is op-posed by so many stakeholders. Mr. Chairman, I include in the R
ECORD the dozens of letters we have received since the manager’s amend-ment was introduced. 
GULF OF MEXICO REEFFISH S
HAREHOLDERS ’ ALLIANCE , July 5, 2018. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker of the House, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Democratic Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN AND DEMOCRATIC  L
EADER PELOSI : On behalf of the Gulf of Mex-ico Reef Fish Shareholders’ Alliance (Share-holders’ Alliance), I write to you today to ex-press our continued strong opposition to H.R. 200, the ‘‘Strengthening Fishing Com-munities and Increasing Flexibility in Fish-eries Management Act of 2017.’’ The Shareholders’ Alliance is the largest organization of commercial snapper and grouper fishermen in the Gulf of Mexico, with membership in every Gulf state. We work hard to ensure that our fisheries are sustainably managed so our fishing busi-nesses can thrive and our fishing commu-nities can exist for future generations. We are the harvesters that provide much of the American public with a reliable source of do-mestically-caught wild Gulf seafood, and we do this through a philosophy that sustain-able seafood and profitable fishing businesses depend on healthy fish populations. It has come to our attention that the House plans to vote on H.R. 200 after Con-gress resumes from its July 4th recess. We must express our continued concerns with this harmful bill and we strongly encourage you to vote against it. It would significantly harm our nation’s fishermen and women, seafood suppliers, and seafood consumers through punitive restrictions and require-ments that would not improve recreational fishing. H.R. 200 would make several dam-aging changes to the bedrock principles of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (Magnuson-Stevens Act). H.R. 200 would unnecessarily make it more difficult for the Gulf of Mexico Fishery Man-agement Council (Gulf Council) to use lim-ited access privilege programs (LAPPs) and catch shares as management tools. We be-lieve that the decision-makers on the ground in the region should be able to make an in-formed decision as to whether LAPPs or catch shares may be appropriate for a fishery or not. Congress shouldn’t tie the hands of the Gulf Council and preemptively remove these fishery management tools from the toolbox. Using these tools for commercial and charter fishing sectors has no impact on how recreational fishing is managed. Also, H.R. 200 would promote new limita-tions and exemptions to annual catch limits (ACLs). ACLs allow fishing at sustainable levels to maximize access while minimizing the risk of overfishing our shared fishery re-sources. Inherent in this management tool is the acknowledgement that exceeding science-based catch limits reduces future op-portunities, and that this should be avoided. The existing generation of fishermen has al-ready sacrificed to rebuild these fisheries— let’s not burden the next generation with having to rebuild them again. Additionally, proponents of H.R. 200 claim that the Magnuson-Stevens Act does not pro-vide adequate flexibility and rigidly imposes a 10-year rebuilding timeframe for overfished fisheries. However, the Magnuson-Stevens Act already allows fishery managers to ap-prove fishery rebuilding timelines greater than 10 years in length due to a range of bio-logical, economic, or social factors. In fact, Gulf of Mexico red snapper—the resource that many of us have built our small busi-nesses on—is already experiencing that flexi-bility as it is in Year 13 of the current 27 year rebuilding plan. If the red snapper stock rebuilds by 2032 as intended, the stock will have been under a rebuilding program for over 40 years. Finally, H.R. 200 would overload the Gulf of Mexico Fishery Management Council with allocation review requirements that would leave little time or funding to perform its primary function of managing Gulf fisheries (e.g., setting catch limits and fishing sea-sons, conducting stock assessments, habitat management, etc.). Furthermore, some Amendments to H.R. 200 would simply make a bad bill even worse. Specifically, Amendment 26 would open the door to levying additional taxes on commer-cial fishermen, over and above the maximum amount they are legally required to pay today. We question why this punitive meas-ure is directed only at two regions of the United States—the Gulf of Mexico and the South Atlantic. Why are the other six re-gional fishery management councils exempt-ed from this measure? Furthermore, Amend-ment 26 would initiate a process that could lead to eliminating the participation of com-mercial fishing, seafood industry, and char-ter fishing businessmen and women in re-gional fishery management councils. These purported ‘‘conflicts of interest’’ are a non- issue, as all regional fishery management councils already enact standard operating procedures to address this concern. Simply put, Amendment 26 is a direct assault on commercial fishermen in these two regions and would only serve to eliminate fishing ex-pertise from regional fishery management councils in order to further the interests of recreational fishing organizations. This would be a disservice to the millions of Americans who only access American sea-food though restaurants, fish markets, and grocery stores. Our nation has set the gold standard for sustainable fisheries because of our commit-ment to science-based management under the 2007 Magnuson-Stevens Act reauthoriza-tion. The science-based conservation require-ments of the Magnuson-Stevens Act helped support the development of the commercial individual fishing quota programs in the Gulf of Mexico have played crucial roles in nearly tripling the red snapper quota for all fishermen in the Gulf of Mexico over the last 10 years, from 5 million pounds to nearly 14 million pounds. Clearly, the Magnuson-Ste-vens Act is working. The nation’s fishermen, seafood suppliers, consumers, and Congressional leaders must protect the gains we have made under the last 40 years of the Magnuson-Stevens Act. It is in everyone’s best interests to pass vibrant national fishery resources on to the next generation. H.R. 200 would put that in jeop-ardy. H.R. 200 is widely opposed by the com-mercial fishing industry throughout the United States (especially in the state of Florida), as well as by the seafood industry, the restaurant industry, the charter fishing industry, and others who depend on healthy fisheries to support strong businesses. Once again, we ask that you oppose H.R. 200 to en-sure Americans have access to sustainable seafood today and for years to come. Thank you for your consideration on this important matter. Sincerely, ERICBRAZER , Deputy Director. 
GULFFISHERMEN ’SASSOCIATION , July 2, 2018. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker of the House, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Democratic Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN AND DEMOCRATIC  L
EADER PELOSI : Please accept this letter from the Gulf Fishermen’s Association op-posing H.R. 200, the ‘‘Strengthening Fishing Communities and Increasing Flexibility in Fisheries Management Act.’’ The Gulf Fish-erman’s Association represents commercial fishermen in the Gulf of Mexico who are de-pendent upon healthy fishery resources to support our way of life. H.R. 200 is a threat to the success record of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (Magnuson-Stevens Act), weakening the science-based manage-ment that has made the U.S. a leader in the field. The provisions within H.R. 200 that will add exceptions to rebuilding timelines, exemptions to annual catch limits, and man-date allocation reviews are unnecessary. The Magnuson-Stevens Act in its current form is working and is responsible for rebuilding dozens of stocks. In fact, NOAA’s Status of the Stocks released in March showed that overfished stocks are at an all-time low. Why change what’s already working? Additionally, Rep. Graves’ Amendment 26 to H.R. 200 makes it clear that this bill is being used to harm commercial snapper and grouper fishermen in the Gulf of Mexico. This amendment would open the door for ad-ditional taxation of commercial fishermen through resource rents and royalties. It also is an attempt to eliminate charter-for-hire and commercial representation on the Gulf of Mexico and South Atlantic Fishery Man-agement Councils Council by unfairly imply-ing that they have a ‘‘fiduciary conflict of interest’’. The language in this amendment makes us ask the following questions: Why is it reasonable to impose a tax on commercial fishermen while at the same time eliminating their voice in the decision- making process? If commercial fishermen should not serve on the Gulf Council because of a supposed fi-nancial ‘‘conflict of interest,’’ why should marine suppliers and scientists whose com-panies and universities have received fund-ing from recreational lobbying groups be able to serve? In conclusion, H.R. 200 is not the fix for our fisheries that it is advertised to be. It threat-ens to turn back the clock on fisheries man-agement and take us back to a time when there was less fish for everyone. That hurts both commercial and recreational fishermen. It would also damage the Council system, which has been effective at creating regional solutions for their fisheries. Lastly, this bill is a failure in bi-partisanship, as evidenced 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JY7.074 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6085 July 11, 2018 
by a shortage of democratic co-sponsors and a lack of consideration for all sectors of fish-eries. It seeks to help recreational fishermen at the expense of commercial fishermen who work hard to provide this great country with wild sustainable seafood. That’s something the Gulf Fishermen’s Association cannot support and urge all representatives to vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 200. Thank you for the opportunity to com-ment on the ‘‘Strengthening Fishing Com-munities and Increasing Flexibility in Fish-eries Management Act.’’ We hope that you will take our concerns seriously and urge you to vote ‘‘no’’. Sincerely, G
LENBROOKS . 
JULY9, 2018. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : As leading manu-facturers, retailers, guides, outfitters and media serving the fly fishing industry, we write to urge you to oppose H.R. 200, a bill that threatens the health and abundance of marine fisheries. H.R. 200, the ‘‘Strength-ening Fishing Communities and Increasing Flexibility in Fisheries Management Act,’’ would amend the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (MSA). The MSA has been methodically rebuilding fisheries decimated by once-rampant over-fishing. Since 2000, forty-four previously overfished stocks have been fully rebuilt, and NOAA Fisheries just reported that the number of overfished stocks is at an all-time low. Thriving and healthy fish populations are at the heart of our businesses, and saltwater fly fishing is a vibrant and growing segment of our industry. The Magnuson-Stevens Act is working as intended to maximize fishing opportunities while ensuring the long-term sustainability of marine fisheries. Yet the work is not done. While the science-based management required under the Magnuson- Stevens Act has dramatically reduced over-fishing, fifteen percent (15%) of assessed fish-eries are still overfished. Now is the time to double-down on our proven management sys-tem, not undermine it. Unfortunately, H.R. 200 attacks the very provisions in the Magnuson-Stevens Act that are responsible for putting America’s ocean fish on a secure path to full recovery. If en-acted, H.R. 200 would allow many different fisheries to be exempted from the annual catch limits and accountability measures identified by independent scientific bodies. Setting clear, science-based limits on catch and enforcing those limits is a hallmark of prudent management. H.R. 200 would also undermine the recovery of fisheries by allow-ing fisheries managers to relax timelines for rebuilding depleted stocks. Healthy fisheries support the greatest number of angling op-portunities, and should be rebuilt as quickly as possible, as currently directed by the Magnuson-Stevens Act. Make no mistake, H.R. 200 seeks to under-mine our conservation progress in service of increasing short-term economic gain. As suc-cessful business leaders, we assure you that prioritizing the health of our nation’s fishery resources is the best way to invest in Amer-ican businesses like our own. We urge you to vote no on H.R. 200. Sincerely, Jeff Patterson, Abel Reels, Montrose, CO; Eli & Tara Lucas, Alaska Coastal Hunting, Kupreanof City, AK; Tim Romano, Angling Trade Media, Boulder, CO; Kirk Deeter, An-gling Trade Media, Boulder CO; Greg Bless-ing, Blessing Enterprises, Colorado Springs, CO; Ted Upton, Cheeky Fishing, Watertown, MA; Ben Kurtz, Fishpond Inc., Denver, CO; John Torok, Hatch Outdoors Inc., Vista, CA; Rick Wittenbraker, Howler Brothers, Austin, TX; John Barrett, JB Fly Fishing, Peoria, AZ; Abbie Schuster, Kismet Outfitters, Mar-tha’s Vineyard, MA; Bob Triggs, Little Stone Flyfisher, Port Townsend, WA; Lucas Bissett, Low Tide Charters, Slidell, LA. Tom Sadler, Middle River Group, Verona, VA; Colby Trow, Mossy Creek Fly Fishing, Harrisonburg, VA; Chris Gaggia, Patagonia, Ventura, CA; Corrine Doctor, RepYourWater, Erie, CO; Michelle East, River Sister Fly Fishing LLC, Colorado City, CO; Jeff Patter-son, Ross Reels, Montrose, CO; Taylor Vavra, Stripers Forever, South Portland, ME; Art Web, Silver Kings Holdings Inc., Tavernier, FL; Tom Bie, The Drake Magazine, Denver, CO; Neville Orsmond, Thomas & Thomas, Greenfield, MA; Scott Hunter, Vedavoo, Leominster, MA; Ted Upton, Wingo Belts, Watertown, MA; Jim Klug, Yellow Dog Fly Fishing Adventures, Bozeman, MT. 
SEAFOOD HARVESTERS OF AMERICA  Arlington, VA, July 9, 2018. D
EARMEMBER OF CONGRESS : We understand that H.R. 200, the ‘‘Strengthening Fishing Communities and Increasing Flexibility in Fisheries Management Act,’’ is on the sched-ule for floor debate and a vote on Wednesday afternoon The Seafood Harvesters of Amer-ica (SHA) remains staunchly opposed to this bill as it would do very little to improve the management of the recreational fishing in-dustry while severely undermining the sac-rifices the commercial fishing industry has made to ensure that we are sustainably har-vesting fisheries resources. The Seafood Harvesters of America is a broadly-based organization that represents commercial fishermen and their associa-tions. Our members reflect the diversity of America’s coastal communities, the com-plexity of our marine environments, and the enormous potential of our commercial fish-eries. As domestic harvesters of an American public resource, we recognize and embrace our stewardship responsibility. We strive for accountability in our fisheries, encourage others to do the same, and speak out on issues of common concern that affect the U.S. commercial fishing industry, the stew-ardship of our public resources, and the many millions of Americans who enjoy sea-food. In addition to the threats posed by H.R. 200 as we’ve outlined in previous letters (below), we are concerned with a proposed amend-ment to H.R. 200 that will be debated during the floor vote. Specifically, we are concerned with Amendment #26 which directs the Gen-eral Accountability Office to develop a re-port to Congress on the ‘‘resource rent’’ of Limited Access Privilege Programs (LAPPs) in the Gulf of Mexico and Southeast, and ex-amine ‘‘fiduciary conflicts of interest’’ on these Regional Fishery Management Coun-cils. First, by studying only LAPPs without also studying recreational fishing and non- LAPP fisheries, this language unfairly sin-gles out LAPPs and is aimed at attacking these successful programs. Commercial fish-ermen already pay for their commercial per-mits, quota, licenses, vessel registration, business taxes, observer costs, among other costs. On top of that, fishermen in LAPPs pay an additional fee to recover costs of ad-ministering the program. There is no reason to limit an analysis of the fishing value ex-tracted to LAPPs and such a biased analysis would lead to false conclusions. Second, the Regional Fishery Management Councils were purposely created to involve fishery stake-holders from all sectors in the Council proc-ess to guide policy and regulations. The process by which Council Members are ap-pointed is thorough and well-vetted, and al-ready requires financial disclosure of their fishing interests. This language shows a mis-understanding of the Council structure de-signed within the Magnuson-Stevens Act (MSA). Targeting commercial and charter fishermen representatives on Councils for these two regions would not only undermine the intended Council appointment process to encourage stakeholder participation in man-agement of our fisheries resources, but set a dangerous precedent for the rest of the coun-try. As we’ve outlined in our previous letters, the Harvesters remain opposed to H.R 200 be-cause of a number of sections that pose a di-rect threat to sustainable fisheries manage-ment: (1) H.R. 200 risks overfishing and imperils rebuilding of overfished species Despite significant flexibility already in-corporated into the MSA, Section 303 estab-lishes multiple exceptions to the rebuilding timeline. Congress previously strengthened the rebuilding timeline requirements be-cause many fish stocks were not recovering and were at risk of continued overfishing. Without this statutory standard, rebuilding timelines could vary dramatically, perpet-uating depleted stock conditions and harm-ing our businesses’ bottom lines. Overfishing has been illegal since the MSA was first signed into law in 1976, but the 2007 requirement for annual catch limits (ACLs) truly put an end to the practice Section 204 waives the requirement for ACLs for a large number of species, including virtually all by-catch species and many fish that are caught in international waters, significantly raising the risk of overfishing. Repealing MSA Section 407 entirely (Sec-tion 306 in H.R. 200) would remove backstops against recreational quota overages and allo-cations for Gulf of Mexico red snapper which, combined with H.R. 200’s sweeping ACL ex-emptions, increases the risk of overfishing and makes it difficult for management bod-ies to allocate quota to prevent quota over-ages. (2) H.R. 200 hinders Councils’ ability to manage our fishery resources Councils already have the flexibility to conduct allocation reviews as necessary, so requiring that the South Atlantic and Gulf Councils conduct a review of commercial and recreational allocations every 5 years (Sec-tion 202) is duplicative, costly, and would ef-fectively prevent these Councils from having the time and money to manage the resource (i.e. stock assessments, habitat manage-ment, among other responsibilities). Section 304 establishes a suite of proce-dures that would make the use of Exempted Fishing Permits (EFPs) nearly impossible, removing a pathway for Councils to work with industry to develop and test innovative gear, fishing, and management technologies aimed at improving resource management. Additionally, this Section bans the use of EFPs to test for Limited Access Privilege Programs (LAPPs). (3) H.R. 200 would impose unnecessary Con-gressional interference Fishermen are deeply involved in the de-velopment of catch share programs, which often take years of deliberation with exten-sive public input. Under current law, Coun-cils can require referenda on these programs at their discretion. Mandating additional referenda and specifying who should be al-lowed to vote in them is unnecessarily intru-sive to the Council process and creates undue hurdles to catch share development (Section 205). While we recognize that a catch share program may not be appropriation for every fishery, we feel strongly that this manage-ment tool should remain a viable option We are disappointed to see this bill move along near partisan lines. The reauthoriza-tion of the MSA has traditionally been a bi-partisan effort that advances the sustain-ability of our nation’s fisheries. Instead, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JY7.022 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6086 July 11, 2018 
what we see today is a partisan effort to ad-vance the interests of the recreational fish-ing industry at the expense and to the det-riment of the commercial fishing industry. As thousands of commercial fishermen around the country stand in opposition to this bill, we urge House Leadership to recon-sider bringing this bill to the House floor for a vote. We are serve as a direct connection to the ocean for many inland citizens and we take our responsibility as stewards of the ocean very seriously. We stand ready to work with Mr. Young and others to develop a bill that works for all sectors and pro-gresses fisheries management across the board. We appreciate your consideration of our re-quest. Please reach out to our Executive Di-rector, Leigh Habegger, should you have any further questions. Sincerely, C
HRISTOPHER BROWN , President, Seafood Harvesters of America. 
MEMBER ORGANIZATIONS  Alaska Whitefish Trawlers Association; Cape Cod Commercial Fishermen’s Alliance; Cordova District Fishermen United; Fishing Vessel Owners’ Association; Fort Bragg Groundfish Association; Georges Bank Fixed Gear Cod Sector, Inc; Gulf Fishermen’s Asso-ciation; Gulf of Mexico Reef Fish Share-holder’s Alliance; Midwater Trawlers Coop-erative; New Hampshire Groundfish Sectors; North Pacific Fisheries Association; Purse Seine Vessel Owners Association; Rhode Is-land Commercial Fishermen’s Association; South Atlantic Fishermen’s Association; United Catcher Boats. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I in-clude in the R
ECORD this column re-cently written by the head of the Na-tional Marine Fisheries Service and also the chief scientist for the National Marine Fisheries Service under the Bush administration. I would like to call special attention to this statement by these experts from the Bush administration, who say: ‘‘We believe this is an ill-con-ceived, dangerous piece of legislation that would undermine the tremendous progress in fisheries rebuilding and sus-tainable management that has oc-curred since the last reauthorization of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Con-servation and Management Act in 2007.’’ 
DON’THURTFISHERIES WITHDANGEROUS  L
EGISLATION  (By William Hogarth and Steven Murawski, special to the Tampa Bay Times) This Wednesday the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives is scheduled to vote on H.R. 200, the Strengthen Fishing Communities and In-creasing Flexibility in Fisheries Manage-ment Act. We believe this is an ill-conceived, dangerous piece of legislation that would un-dermine the tremendous progress in fisheries rebuilding and sustainable management that has occurred since the latest reauthoriza-tions of the Magnuson Stevens Fisheries Conservation and Management Act in 2007. Since 2007, more than 40 of the most over-fished and historically important fish stocks in the nation have been recovered. Over-fishing now occurs for fewer than 10 percent of stocks, the lowest proportion since records have been kept. Rebuilding stocks has resulted in increases in fisheries yields and translated into lower prices to con-sumers, more business-friendly approaches to commercial fisheries management and more healthy recreational fisheries. The term ‘‘flexibility’’ in H.R. 200 is a code word that would undermine timely, effective management of stocks when downturns in-evitably occur. Heavy on requirements for studies and other administrative require-ments, H.R. 200 would make fisheries man-agement more cumbersome. The bill as writ-ten would delay timely, effective conserva-tion responses and would limit the flexibility to use innovative management tools. Healthy fisheries without healthy stocks is a non sequitur. We urge the House to reject this piece of legislation that seeks to solve problems that simply do not exist. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-man, I have no other speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee). The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . COURTNEY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 115–786. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Chairman, the Clerk has an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of title II add the following: 
SEC. ll. NORTHEAST REGIONAL PILOT RE-SEARCH TRAWL SURVEY AND STUDY. 
(a) I NDUSTRY -BASED PILOT STUDY .—Within 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce shall, in co-ordination with the relevant Councils se-lected by the Secretary and the Northeast Area Monitoring and Assessment Program (NEAMAP), develop a fishing industry-based Northeast regional pilot research trawl sur-vey and study to enhance and provide im-provement to current National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration vessel trawl surveys. (b) C
OMPONENTS .—Under the pilot survey and study— (1) the Secretary— (A) may select fishing industry vessels to participate in the study by issuing a request for procurement; (B) may use the NEAMAP Southern New England/Mid-Atlantic Nearshore Trawl Sur-vey as a model for the pilot survey; and (C) shall outfit participating vessels with a peer-reviewed net configuration; and (2) the selected Councils shall, in partner-ship with the National Marine Fisheries Service Northeast Fisheries Science Center and the Virginia Institute of Marine Science, collect data and evaluate discrepancies be-tween fishing industry vessel data and Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion vessel data, for 5 years. (b) R
EPORT .—Upon completion of the pilot survey and study, the Secretary and the se-lected Councils shall submit a detailed re-port on the results of the pilot survey and study to the Committee on Natural Re-sources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 965, the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. C
OURTNEY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Connecticut. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Chairman, at the beginning, I first of all want to sa-lute both Mr. YOUNG and Mr. H UFFMAN  for their hard work on this legislation, which is very contentious and requires a lot of interests to be balanced. Again, hopefully, as the process moves for-ward through the next Chamber, we will get to that sweet spot for good pol-icy for our Nation. Mr. Chairman, the amendment at the desk is a simple amendment, which creates a 5-year, industry-based pilot trawl survey for the New England and Mid-Atlantic Fishery Management Councils. Such a program would follow the model industry-based trawl surveys used in the Pacific Northwest under NOAA’s supervision that have been a great success. The reason I am offering this bipar-tisan amendment with Congressman L
EEZELDIN from New York is that NOAA trawl surveys have been seri-ously hampered by a string of mechan-ical and performance problems with NOAA’s ship Henry B. Bigelow over the last 2 years. For example, from August 2017 to March 2018, Bigelow missed several trawls while in its shipyard for chronic propulsion problems. Even when the Bigelow is operational, one-third of its trawls are not performing, and these bad trawls generally have yields that are 67 percent lower than when it per-forms properly. These problems are unacceptable, given the critical importance of that data to accurately calculate catch lim-its on the East Coast, which, as we have heard, is a highly contentious issue. In addition to the Bigelow’s gear issues, the vessel is too large for near- shore studies. It draws a lot of water and cannot enter shallow littoral areas to trawl. Because of that, NOAA al-ready contracts with the Northeast Area Monitoring and Assessment Pro-gram, NEAMAP, to survey shallower areas. NEAMAP contracts industry vessels outfitted with peer-reviewed NOAA gear for near-shore surveys, proving that surveying can be done on industry vessels. I want to emphasize that this pilot program contemplated in the amend-ment will be a pilot program coordi-nated with NOAA, the councils, and in-dustry. While we don’t dictate a spe-cific framework, we recommend that the pilot mirror the NEAMAP survey, which the executive directors of both the New England and Mid-Atlantic Councils have described as the gold standard of cooperative, collaborative fisheries surveys. Mr. Chairman, this amendment is a responsible initiative to solve a real- life problem using a trusted precedent in the Pacific Northwest and under the careful supervision of NOAA and fish-eries experts. I want to thank the Northeast Trawl Advisory Panel for bringing attention to the trawl gaps that are happening on the East Coast and working with my office to craft this amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JY7.031 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6087 July 11, 2018 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-man, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment, although I do not op-pose it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 5 minutes to the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ), who sponsored the bill. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank my colleague, J
OECOURT -
NEY from Connecticut, for his bipar-tisan cooperation on this and so many other issues that are important to the hardworking men and women who make their living on the Long Island Sound, a precious waterway we are both so fortunate to represent. This amendment creates an industry- based trawl survey program for the New England and Mid-Atlantic regions. Improving survey data so that the quotas and regulations imposed on our fishermen are transparent, equitable, and fair is a critical goal of the under-lying bill, and it is the purpose of this important bipartisan amendment. Increasing industry buy-in and co-operation with the NOAA survey pro-gram is essential for improving data collection. Without the right data, fishermen in our region will continue to be shortchanged while their counter-parts in the Pacific Northwest are al-ready benefiting from increased co-operation between NOAA and the pri-vate sector. What we have right now in our region is a massive failure on behalf of NOAA because their vessel has fudged trawl after trawl. The people who work on the water every day have the equip-ment, the vessels, and the expertise to get this important data collection done, and done right. I am proud to be a cosponsor of this amendment, and I commend my friend from Connecticut for his hard work on this issue. I look forward to continuing to work together with him and others on bipartisan solutions to help our hardworking commercial fishermen, charter boat captains, and all the small businesses that are a part of the coast-al economy. Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of this amendment. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-man, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Chairman, I have no further speakers for the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Connecticut (Mr. C
OURT -
NEY). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . LANGEVIN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in House Report 115–786. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: At the end of section 209 (page 27, after line 7) add the following: (f) A
DDITION OF RHODE ISLAND TO THE MID- A
TLANTIC FISHERY MANAGEMENT COUNCIL .— Section 302(a)(1)(B) of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1852(a)(1)(B)) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘Rhode Island,’’ after ‘‘States of’’; (2) by inserting ‘‘Rhode Island,’’ after ‘‘ex-cept North Carolina,’’; (3) by striking ‘‘21’’ and inserting ‘‘23’’; and (4) by striking ‘‘13’’ and inserting ‘‘14’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 965, the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
ANGEVIN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Rhode Island. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, today I offer an amendment with im-mense importance to Rhode Island fish-ermen. My amendment would provide voting representation for Rhode Island on the Mid-Atlantic Fisheries Manage-ment Council, which regulates numer-ous species found in the waters off our coast. I want to emphasize that this is not a provincial matter. This is about pro-viding fair representation and a sense of equity for those invested in our re-gional fisheries council system. It only makes sense that those who haul in these fish species should have a seat at the table. Mr. Chairman, despite our location in New England, we do haul in these so- called Mid-Atlantic species. Using the most recent statistics, Rhode Island lands half of all squid caught on the East Coast. Let me repeat that, Mr. Chairman. Half of all squid caught on the East Coast is landed by Ocean State fisher-men. These squid are the key ingre-dient in the famous Rhode Island calamari, a dish that many of us un-doubtedly enjoy. Beyond squid, Rhode Island lands 85 percent of all East Cost butterfish, far exceeding any other State. Butterfish is regulated by the Mid-Atlantic Coun-cil. We haul in more scup than any other East Coast State. Scup is also regulated by the Mid-Atlantic Council. Additionally, we are among the top three States for landing bluefish, sum-mer flounder, and monkfish. Mr. Chair-man, bluefish, summer flounder, and monkfish are all regulated by the Mid- Atlantic Council. For our recreational fishermen, summer flounder, black sea bass, bluefish, and scup comprise the bulk of the recreational harvest in Rhode Island. So, Mr. Chairman, it should also be noted that the Rhode Island Sound is a part of the Mid-Atlantic Bight. In other words, Mr. Chairman, we are a part of the same marine ecosystem that stretches down to the Outer Banks of North Carolina. The same species live all along these waters, and they are regulated by the Mid-Atlantic Council. While this inequity already exists today, the threat of climate change will only make this worse as species migrate northward in search of colder waters. So, Mr. Chairman, I would like to point out to my colleagues that there is precedent for such a change. In 1996, we amended fisheries law to ensure that North Carolina could sit on two regional fisheries councils. All we ask is the same consideration be provided to Rhode Island. It is only fair. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-man, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-man, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I understand the in-tent of my good friend’s amendment, but I reluctantly oppose it. The amendment would begin to un-ravel, I believe, this council’s structure that was made in the Magnuson-Ste-vens Act, the gold standard of global fisheries management. At best, it erodes MSA’s emphasis on regional management. Fish stocks migrate up and down the Atlantic coast frequently incorporated in a prospective of States invested in shared fishery resources, a goal we all share. That is why Congress authorized the Atlantic States Marine Fisheries Commission and why my bill before us today creates a liaison between the Mid-Atlantic Council and the New Eng-land Council and vice versa. These two mechanisms adequately address overlapping Atlantic coast fisheries without undermining the fun-damental council structure. Mr. Chairman, reluctantly, for those reasons, I urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, once again, I would point out to my friend, whom I have deep respect for, that there is precedent for such a change. In 1996, we amended fisheries law to ensure that North Carolina could, in fact, sit on two regional fisheries coun-cils, so what we are asking is not un-precedented. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to my colleague from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ). Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of the amendment of-fered by my friend and colleague, Con-gressman L
ANGEVIN . I am proud to be an original cosponsor of my colleague’s legislation, the Fishermen’s Fairness Act, which serves as the basis for this amendment. This amendment would provide our home State of Rhode Island with rep-resentation on the Mid-Atlantic Fish-eries Management Council. This move 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JY7.078 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6088 July 11, 2018 
would allow Rhode Island fishing com-munities to have a voice on the council which manages stocks for species that are among the most valuable to fish-eries in our State. Rhode Island fishermen account for nearly 56 percent of total summer scup landings and 54 percent of all Atlantic squid landings, both stocks being man-aged by the Mid-Atlantic Council. Squid landings are critical to Rhode Island’s overall fishing economy, land-ing more squid than all other States combined and the second most of any other State in the country. In 2015, Rhode Island landed roughly 16 million pounds of squid, nearly 12 million pounds more than its nearest compet-itor. b1615 The following year was even more significant for Rhode Island, with near-ly 23 million pounds in squid landings valued at more than $29 million. All told, Rhode Island accounts for more fish landings under the jurisdic-tion of the Mid-Atlantic Fisheries Management Council than any other State in the region, with the exception of New Jersey. Yet, despite all of this, my State does not have a seat on this council, leaving Rhode Island fisheries without a say in how a significant portion of its indus-try is managed. This amendment will provide a com-monsense solution to this problem by adding two additional seats to the Mid- Atlantic Fisheries Management Coun-cil in order to represent Rhode Island’s interests in the region. As Congressman L
ANGEVIN said, this is not unprecedented. We have done this before. In 1996, North Carolina, which also had significant fishing in-terests in the mid-Atlantic region, was given a seat on the council. This amendment would extend this same right to a seat at the table to my State. I really want to thank my colleague for his work on this issue, and I strong-ly encourage adoption of this amend-ment, particularly out of a sense of comity, since we have done this in the past. Rhode Islanders deserve to be treated fairly. Our fishermen deserve a voice. I urge my colleagues to support this excellent amendment. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
AN-
GEVIN ). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . HUFFMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 4 printed in House Report 115–786. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: Page 37, strike lines 5 through 6 (and redes-ignate the subsequent subparagraphs accord-ingly). Page 38, after line 7, insert the following (and redesignate the subsequent quoted sub-clauses accordingly): ‘‘(IV) the new plan, amendment, or pro-posed regulation has at least a 75 percent chance of rebuilding the overfished fishery within the time limit proposed by the Coun-cil, as calculated by the scientific and statis-tical committee of the Council with jurisdic-tion over the fishery pursuant to section 302(g)(1)(B); 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 965, the gentleman from California (Mr. H
UFFMAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, supporters of this bill argue that the requirement to rebuild overfished stocks needs more ‘‘flexi-bility,’’ but it is important to note that the Magnuson Act already pro-vides a lot of flexibility. While I am fully aware that it isn’t always easy or popular to implement fishing restrictions, management tools like annual catch limits and rebuilding plans are essential to ensuring a future for our fisheries and fishing industry. In my district, fishermen went through several tough years while groundfish stocks were depleted. Mag-nuson provided the scientific and regu-latory framework to bring those fish-eries back. We have now rebuilt half of our groundfish species, and more are on the way to recovery. These accomplishments certainly did not come easily. Our fishermen had to make sacrifices. But the long-term health of our fisheries and commu-nities that depend on them in making these tough decisions has benefited from it. That is why these decisions were supported by commercial and rec-reational fishermen. That support has been integral to sustaining the fish-eries that are critical for West Coast communities. This success story, by the way, has been replicated around the country time and again. Our success and the sustainability of the fishing industry rely on harvesting from healthy and productive fish stocks. Fishing restrictions are only put in place because they are abso-lutely necessary. If there aren’t enough fish to support strong harvests both now and in the future, we have no choice but to cut back in order to avoid the tragedy of the commons. It is important to note that the law allows councils to delay rebuilding when the biology of the stock, environ-mental conditions, or international management considerations present challenges. Because of these broad but fair exemptions, more than 50 percent of all overfished stocks today have re-building plans that are longer than the 10-year baseline in the act. So there is flexibility, and it is being used. Further, current law gives councils 2 years to put a rebuilding plan in place and another year to reduce rather than end overfishing. That is 3 years of lead time before significant harvest restric-tions go into effect. My amendment requires that an ex-emption to strong rebuilding timelines would only be permitted if rebuilding plans have at least a 75 percent chance of success. That is contrasted with the 50 percent chance of success that ordi-narily applies to rebuilding plans. Now, I am proud that, without being required to do so, most of the West Coast groundfish fishery recovery plans have a greater than 75 percent chance of meeting their rebuilding goals, and we have seen the success of that. Un-fortunately, the same cannot be said of all the regions. The bottom line is that we should not be weakening standards unless we have a very robust rebuilding plan in place. That is what this amendment addresses. I want to note that, in addition to all of that, the current Magnuson Act re-quires a rebuilding timeline be as short as possible. H.R. 200 would change that requirement to be as short as prac-ticable. This is a very problematic weakening of the law, with real con-sequences. Currently, the agency has to do whatever is possible, whatever is fea-sible. Practicable is a lower standard. It means the stocks would not be built in a reasonable timeframe, and this change could even allow the agency to do little or nothing to rebuild a stock. History has shown us what happens if we don’t do that. We need to tackle re-building aggressively in order to suc-ceed. Rebuilding plans that take a weak approach to harvest or drag on rebuilding for many years inevitably fail. So, unless the law is very clear and strong on this point, managers could choose not to deal with rebuilding situ-ations proactively. My amendment ad-dresses this to be sure that we continue to see fish stocks rebuild so that fisher-men can ultimately reap the rewards. Mr. Chairman, I request an ‘‘aye’’ vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-man, I rise in opposition to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-man, this amendment would not only hamstring the flexibility of rebuilding fish stocks that this bill provides, it would add serious bureaucratic delays in the development of fishery manage-ment plans across the country. Furthermore, according to NOAA, this amendment would eliminate some of the flexibility currently provided under the national standard, one which was updated under the Obama adminis-tration, and would cause an unneces-sary reduction in the catch. NOAA also expressed concerns re-garding the potential impact on inter-national fishing agreements that would 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JY7.080 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6089 July 11, 2018 
change how the U.S. can negotiate on rebuilding plans. According to a letter authored by the National Coalition for Fishing Communities, this amendment would undermine the act, impede re-forms that are desperately needed, and attack jobs in coastal communities. Mr. Chair, I include in the R
ECORD a letter to the leadership of the House and to myself where they say such an amendment sponsored by Mr. J
ARED  H
UFFMAN of California and Mr. A LCEE H
ASTINGS of Florida will ensure it does not: ‘‘We believe it would actually un-dermine the MSA, impede reforms that are desperately needed, and attack jobs in coastal communities around the country, including in California and Florida, the home States of Mr. H
UFFMAN and Mr. H ASTINGS .’’ 
NATIONAL COALITION  
FORFISHING COMMUNITIES , July 10, 2018. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker, United States House of Representa-tives, Washington, DC. Hon. K
EVIN MCCARTHY , Majority Leader, United States House of Rep-resentatives, Washington, DC. S
PEAKER RYAN AND MAJORITY LEADER  M
CCARTHY : H.R. 200 (formerly H.R. 1335), the ‘‘Strengthening Fishing Communities and Increasing Flexibility in Fisheries Manage-ment Act’’ is the product of three Managing our Nations Fisheries (‘‘MONF’’) con-ferences, and numerous hearings with well over a hundred witnesses (from to 2009 through 2017). These many efforts were held in large part to address unintended con-sequences in the implementation of the 2006 reauthorization. The Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conserva-tion and Management Act (MSA) has largely been a success, but no law is perfect, and H.R. 200 contains a number of important up-dates and refinements. But as a result of a barrage of last-minute amendments, pro-posed outside of the committee process, years of hard work to create honest reform of the MSA is now in jeopardy. One such amendment, sponsored by Con-gressman Jared Huffman (D-California) and Alcee Hastings (D-Florida) purports to ‘‘en-sure that rebuilding plans are successful in rebuilding overfished fish stocks.’’ However, we believe it would actually undermine the MSA, impede reforms that are desperately needed, and attack jobs in coastal commu-nities around the country, including in Cali-fornia and Florida, the home states of Mr. Huffman and Mr. Hastings. In a letter delivered to their offices on last week, we asked Mr. Huffman and Mr. Has-tings to please explain to us how they fore-see that this amendment could be enacted without having the effect of reducing com-mercial, charter and recreational fishing quotas significantly. We also asked that since they represent California and Florida, and since our membership includes members who represent fishing interests in California and Florida, that they explain how they see this amendment improving conditions for seafood harvesters and processors in your re-spective home states. Unfortunately we did not receive a response to those questions. In the provisions contained in this amend-ment were implemented, the required theo-retical probability of management measures rebuilding a stock in the shortest time pe-riod as possible would increase from 50% to 75% for many species. The ‘‘Huffman-Has-tings Amendment’’ would impose a burden on many U.S.-managed fisheries. While this sounds like an innocuous effort to strengthen and improve the law, the fact is, the only way to meet the requirements of the amendment would be to significantly re-duce many commercial, charter and rec-reational fishing quotas significantly. Con-sidering the status of U.S. fish stocks re-cently described in NOAA’s 2018 Report to Congress as ‘‘Overfishing remains near all time lows and we reached a new milestone with the number of overfished stocks at the lowest level ever’’, the validity and intent of the ‘‘Huffman Amendment’’ should be seri-ously questioned. Why, if the current Act’s requirements are having success in rebuilding stocks, is there a reason to require the law to be substan-tially more conservative? In addition, the amendment removes a sub-tle but important update to the MSA. Section 304 of MSA states that ‘‘For a fish-ery that is overfished, any fishery manage-ment plan, amendment, or proposed regula-tions . . . shall . . . specify a time period for rebuilding the fishery that shall . . . be as short as possible, taking into account the status and biology of any overfished stocks of fish, the needs of fishing communities, recommendations by international organiza-tions in which the United States partici-pates, and the interaction of the overfished stock of fish within the marine ecosystem.’’ There is widespread support to change the term ‘‘possible’’ to ‘‘practicable’’ in this sec-tion. The intent of this change is not to com-promise or weaken the effectiveness of the MSA, but rather to help better fulfill one of the fundamental and original goals of the Act, emphasized in National Standard 1—to prevent overfishing while achieving, on a continuing basis the optimum yield from each fishery. Changing the terminology from ‘‘possible’’ to ‘‘practicable’’ would provide Regional Fishery Management Councils with much-needed flexibility and the option to choose between several rebuilding scenarios to achieve specified conservation and man-agement objectives, not just the shortest and, quite often, most harmful to fishing communities. We must remain committed to restoring common sense to MSA. We must not under-mine our Nation’s fisheries law in the name of improving it, and cause harm to commer-cial charter and recreational fishermen from Alaska to Maine. Coastal communities and fishing families are relying on the passage of clean legisla-tion, as developed in committee. We urge Members to vote NO on the Huffman Amendment to H.R. 200! Sincerely, American Scallop Association, John Whiteside, General Counsel, Members in MA, NJ, NC; Ariel Seafoods, David Krebs, Owner, FL; Atlantic Capes Fisheries, Dan Cohen, Owner, MA, NJ; Atlantic Red Crab Co., Jon Williams, Owner, MA; California Wetfish Producers Association, Diane Pleschner- Steele, CA; Fishermen’s Dock Co-Op, Jim Lovgren, Board Member, NJ; Fishing Part-nership Support Services, J.J. Bartlett, Ex-ecutive Director, MA; Florida Keys Commer-cial Fishermen’s Association, Bill Kelly, Ex-ecutive Director, FL; Garden State Seafood Association, Greg DiDomenico, Executive Director, NJ; Gulf Coast Seafood Associa-tion, David Krebs, Founding Member, FL, AL; Hawaii Longline Association, Sean Mar-tin, Owner, HI. Inlet Seafood, William Grimm, Secretary and Treasurer, NY; Long Island Commercial Fishermen’s Association, Bonnie Brady, Ex-ecutive Director, NY; Lunds Fisheries, Inc., Jeff Reichle, Chairman, CA, NJ; North Caro-lina Fisheries Association, Glen Skinner, Ex-ecutive Director, NC; Pacific Seafood, Jon Gonzales, Fisheries Policy Analyst, OR, WA; Rhode Island Commercial Fishermen’s Asso-ciation, Rich Fuka, Executive Director, RI; Seafreeze, Ltd., Meghan Lapp, Fisheries Li-aison, RI; Southeastern Fisheries Associa-tion, Bob Jones, Executive Director, FL; Vi-king Village, Jim Gutowski, Owner, NJ; West Coast Seafood Processors Association, Lori Steele, Executive Director, CA, WA, OR; Western Fishboat Owners Association, Wayne Heikkila, Executive Director, AK, CA, OR, WA. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-man, I am suggesting, respectfully, that this amendment is uncalled for and, frankly, will gut the bill and the MSA, period. Mr. Chairman, I ask my colleagues to reject this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. H
UFFMAN ). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . WEBSTER OF  
FLORIDA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 5 printed in House Report 115–786. Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, I have an amendment at the desk as the designee of the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. F
RANKEL ). The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Add at the end the following: TITLE ll—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
SEC. ll. MITIGATION FOR IMPACTS TO SUB-MERGED AQUATIC VEGETATION. 
Requirements to conserve or to provide compensatory mitigation for impacts to sub-merged aquatic vegetation under section 305(b) of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Con-servation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1855(b)) shall not apply when a non-Federal entity conducts maintenance dredging for an authorized Federal navigation project on an inland waterway, inlet, or harbor located in North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, or Florida pursuant to a permit issued under section 404 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1344) or section 10 of the Act of March 3, 1899 (33 U.S.C. 403; 30 Stat. 1151, chapter 425). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 965, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. W
EBSTER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Chair, I rise today on behalf of my colleague from Florida, Ms. L
OISFRANKEL , to offer a nonpartisan amendment that Ms. F
RANKEL and I have been working on for some time. The amendment applies common sense to routine maintenance and dredging in the inland navigational channels. Specifically, this amendment would waive a duplicative requirement for routine maintenance dredging. When a waterway is initially dredged, the project sponsor has to mitigate for the impact on aquatic vegetation like seagrass. In the Florida Intracoastal Waterway, seagrass grows like a weed and must be routinely dredged to keep it clear. Unfortu-nately, the project sponsor is required 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JY7.083 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6090 July 11, 2018 
to do costly environmental mitigation every time just to keep the waterway open and operating, instead of using the permit that has already been given and the mitigation that has already happened for that particular area. This additional round of mitigation is un-necessary, since seagrass removal has already been accounted for in the envi-ronmental review for the initial dredg-ing. Florida’s Atlantic Intracoastal Wa-terway requires routine maintenance dredging akin to mowing your grass. The waterway annually transports tons of commercial cargo and is used by more than 500,000 recreational vehicles. It provides $30 billion in economic out-put, including $3 billion in wages, cre-ates 155,000 jobs, and generates more than $540 million in tax revenues. Without regular maintenance dredging, this powerful economic driver is at risk. This amendment itself is limited in scope and maintains an existing envi-ronmental protection while ensuring that the maintenance dredging mitiga-tion requirements make sense. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment be-cause it would set a bad precedent by waiving the requirements to provide compensatory mitigation for federally authorized maintenance dredging projects in inland waterways, inlets, or harbors located in North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida. As it should, Magnuson requires com-pensatory mitigation to protect essen-tial fish habitat, including seagrass. This mitigation requires the restora-tion, establishment, enhancement, and/ or preservation of aquatic resources to offset unavoidable adverse impacts from activities like dredging. Many of the inland waterways in the Southeast that need maintenance dredging are actually home to seagrasses, so these States are required to mitigate the negative impacts. Com-pensatory mitigation is the most obvi-ous, commonsense solution for offset-ting the damage to these important habitats. Fish depend on healthy seagrass habitats to survive and reproduce, not only in the Southeast but all across the Nation’s coasts, including in my district. Moreover, we need all the help that we can get to recover seagrasses. Glob-ally, 30 percent of seagrass meadows have disappeared. Of the seagrasses that remain, nearly a quarter are threatened or near threatened. In fact, the only marine plant listed as endan-gered in the United States is a seagrass found in Florida. Seagrasses are highly productive hotspots for biodiversity and can act as a carbon sink, making this habitat a critical component in buffering oceans against the impacts of climate change. Protecting and restoring essential fish habitat and seagrass is very important to maintain productive fisheries and healthy oceans. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no,’’ and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, I will say this. This is so duplica-tive and ridiculous. It is typical gov-ernment regulation. Here you have an inland waterway, the Atlantic Intracoastal Waterway. The seagrass removal has been already mitigated. That requires maintenance. As you do maintenance, you have to come back and do more mitigation on the exact same piece of property for the same seagrass. It is ridiculous; it is duplicative; and I submit it is a good amendment. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Will the gen-tleman yield? Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. I yield to the gentleman. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair, I am sitting here listening to this. These channels were built for navigation and commercial use by taxpayers’ dollars many years ago, and the seagrass grows back. Each time, they mitigate when trying to maintain it. Where is the logic? Where is the logic when we built those channels with American tax dol-lars for commerce and now, each time they dredge it—they already dredged it once—it grows back and they have to come back and file another ES state-ment. Why are we doing this? b1630 Who is this helping out? Not the fish because the eelgrass grows back again, because they have to dredge it again. It costs money, slows down commerce, and that is interfering with the econ-omy of this country. I have been through these channels. They can’t show me where the dredging hurts. In fact, it helps. It is like you said, mowing the grass. You let it grow too long, you are going to get in trou-ble. We let this eelgrass grow too long, you are going to hurt the channel or you are going to hurt the fish in the long run. So I compliment the gentleman on his amendment, and I will support this amendment strongly. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I will close by stating that I can appreciate the frustration that the gentleman may be feeling, feeling like this is a process of remitigating for the same thing over and over again. I think it is a little more com-plicated than that, but if the gen-tleman is willing to work going for-ward on some ways to perhaps consoli-date the regulatory burden and find something for the long term that pro-vides a little more certainty and streamlining, I would be happy to work with him on that. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. W
EBSTER ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . GRAVES OF  
LOUISIANA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 6 printed in House Report 115–786. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Add at the end the following: TITLE ll—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
SEC. ll. REPORT ON LIMITED ACCESS PRIVI-LEGE PROGRAMS AND CONFLICTS OF INTEREST WITH RESPECT TO GULF OF MEXICO AND SOUTH AT-LANTIC FISHERIES. 
No later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States shall submit to the Congress a report on— (1) the resource rent of limited access privilege programs in the Gulf of Mexico and the South Atlantic Ocean; (2) how to reclaim resource rent in the Gulf of Mexico and the South Atlantic as revenue the United States Treasury; and (3) the fiduciary conflicts of interest in the Gulf of Mexico Fishery Management Council and the South Atlantic Fishery Management Council, and effective ways to eliminate such conflicts. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 965, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. G
RAVES ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana. 
MODIFICATION TO AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED  
BY MR . GRAVES OF LOUISIANA  
Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that a modified amendment at the desk be considered. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the modification. The Clerk read as follows: Modification to amendment No. 6 of-fered by Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana: 
TITLE ll—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
SEC. ll. REPORT ON LIMITED ACCESS PRIVI-LEGE PROGRAMS AND CONFLICTS OF INTEREST WITH RESPECT TO GULF OF MEXICO AND SOUTH AT-LANTIC OCEAN RED SNAPPER. 
(a) S TUDY .—No later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit to the Congress a report on— (1) the resource rent of limited access privilege programs for red snapper in the Gulf of Mexico and the South Atlantic Ocean; (2) how to reclaim resource rent for red snapper in the Gulf of Mexico and the South Atlantic Ocean as revenue to the United States Treasury; and (3) the fiduciary conflicts of interest in the Gulf of Mexico Fishery Management Council and the South Atlantic Fishery Management 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JY7.086 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6091 July 11, 2018 
Council relating to red snapper, and effective ways to eliminate such conflicts. (b) L
IMITATION .—In implementing this sec-tion the Comptroller General shall not con-sider— (1) fisheries programs in any region other than the Gulf of Mexico and the South At-lantic Ocean; and (2) fisheries management programs for spe-cies other than red snapper. 
Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana (during the reading). Mr. Chair, I ask unani-mous consent to dispense with the reading. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Louisiana? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the amendment is modified. There was no objection. The ACTING Chair. The gentleman from Louisiana is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, this amendment simply au-thorizes a GAO study, a Government Accountability Office study, for the purposes of evaluating how we cur-rently manage the red snapper species in the Gulf of Mexico and the South Atlantic. I want to be very clear, Mr. Chair-man. This amendment does not affect any other region of the Nation. It doesn’t affect any other species. It is a unique scenario that we are facing in the Gulf of Mexico and the South At-lantic pertaining to the red snapper. This is a species where the increased demand from both recreational and commercial fishers has resulted in con-tentious debate and challenging situa-tions for resource managers across the Gulf Coast and the South Atlantic. This amendment is designed to have the GAO perform a study that would provide information to resource man-agers. We have been able to work through EFPs for the past 2 years, but in the future we are not guaranteed any type of solution. When I was a child, we could fish for red snapper year-round. We are no longer allowed to do that. We were lim-ited by as many as 3 days—proposed— by the Federal Government in recent years. This is designed to provide bet-ter information, better tools for how we manage these species moving for-ward in a sustainable manner. Mr. Chairman, the modifications that I made to this amendment were a re-sult of discussions with Members near me right now. As a matter of fact, someone sitting near me may or may not have threat-ened to fillet me with a butter knife if I didn’t change some text in the amendment, so some of the text has been changed to reflect the very nar-row scope of this amendment. Mr. Chair, I urge adoption of the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, re-grettably, I rise in opposition to the amendment offered by my friend, Mr. GRAVES . This amendment requires the Comptroller General to submit a report to Congress, but it is unclear what the overall purpose of this report would be. In fact, because of the vagueness of that purpose, there has been concern that it may be about identifying what would happen if the overall value of the red snapper fishery commercial quota was completely taken away or given to private anglers. Would this report be used to make the argument that the red snapper quota should be reallocated to recreational fishermen? I can’t sup-port either of those propositions, nor a reporting requirement with such am-biguous goals and potentially signifi-cant impacts on the fishery. When it comes to setting these allo-cations, picking winners and losers from among commercial and rec-reational fishing interests, that should be the job of regional councils, not of Congress. In fact, the entire structure of Magnuson and the council system is designed to encourage stakeholder par-ticipation on the councils, from a re-gional perspective. We need to let the fishery manage-ment councils do their job and not have Congress micromanaging these type of decisions. It is unclear, also, why this amend-ment only targets limited access privi-lege permits. Every type of commercial or recreational fishing activity could be viewed as having a ‘‘resource rent.’’ So it is questionable that every other form of commercial and recreational activity would be excluded from this type of report. There is no reason why an analysis of the economic value com-mercial and recreational fishermen ex-tract from a Federal resource would be limited to just catch share programs. Finally, with respect to the conflict of interest provisions in this bill, I would have supported—and I have talked to the gentleman about this— this amendment, had it been a report on ways to eliminate conflicts of inter-est on all fishery management coun-cils, because there are concerns, bipar-tisan concerns, in that regard, and it is something that should be addressed to improve fishery management in all councils. Unfortunately, this seems to be a rather targeted and direct attack on what many view as a well-managed commercial red snapper fishery, and we should not be devoting public resources to such a report. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no,’’ and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ). Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for modifying this amendment. I still have concerns, as I have told the gentleman. I know the problem. If I ever hear about a red snapper again, we change this to the Graves snapper. That is what we are going to call it. I know there is a problem, and I look forward to working with the gentleman to strengthen the language and, especially, to making sure this does not include any other areas, be-cause I want Alaska and the Pacific Northwest left out. I will say that is being selfish, but I know what the gen-tleman over there said. I understand what the gentleman is trying to do here. We have a little ways to go. We will work together and try to get something done. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, I do appreciate the concerns raised by the gentleman from Alaska. I am committed to working with the gentleman and to working with my friend from California in trying to get this amendment in a better posture. I do want to work together with both the gentlemen to make sure that we get this done in a way that does not cause injury to other places. In response to my friend from Cali-fornia, I do want to be clear that this is information. All this is is informa-tion that our committee, that this Congress, would then have the option to act upon. I don’t think information in this case, on such a contentious issue, that does have a very unclear future—we have dealt with contentious issues and bought ourselves 2 years. Beyond that, we are going to be right back in the same situation. We are trying to get additional infor-mation. I want to say, in regard to the conflict issues, in regard to the balance of commercial and recreational, that is good feedback, and I am happy to adopt those changes to the amendment, to in-clude those as we work through the process. I will say it again. I am committed to working with the gentleman. Mr. Chairman, I sent the gentleman the text of the amendment—the first per-son I sent it to—to ensure that I had input from both sides. We did make some modifications as a result, the changes requested by Mr. YOUNG , but I am committed to working together with the dean and with the gentleman from California to perfect this as we move forward. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment, as modified, offered by the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. G
RAVES ). The amendment, as modified, was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . KEATING  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 7 printed in House Report 115–786. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JY7.035 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6092 July 11, 2018 
Add at the end the following: TITLE ll—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
SEC. ll. PLAN FOR ELECTRONIC MONITORING AND REPORTING PROCEDURES FOR THE NORTHEAST MULTISPECIES FISHERY. 
The Secretary, acting through the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, shall submit a plan to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate not less than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act that will estab-lish fully operational electronic monitoring and reporting procedures for the Northeast Multispecies Fishery by not later than Sep-tember 30, 2021. The plan shall include the proposal of the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration to cover vessel equip-ment and installation costs, with daily, half- day, or quarter-day operational costs to be borne by the fishing vessels. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 965, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
EATING ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, my amendment requires the National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration, NOAA, to develop a strategy for how they plan to imple-ment electronic monitoring in the Northeast Multi-Species Fishery by 2021. Today, the majority of monitoring is conducted by at-sea, in-person mon-itors who NOAA sends on only about 30 percent of the trips. What is more, ves-sel owners must pay the cost of this in- person monitoring, at a cost of $900 a day. Not only is this a financial bur-den, especially on the small boat fleet owners, but it is also less effective be-cause it leaves massive gaps for bad ac-tors to exploit the system. Modernizing fisheries monitoring programs by the full-scale adoption of electronic monitoring is critical for the future sustainability and the devel-opment of the North Atlantic’s multi- species fishery. Full implementation of electronic monitoring will mean better data for making stock assessments and making sure that every fishing trip is monitored. This means better protec-tions for our environment and more sustainable fisheries so that our fishing industry can remain strong for the gen-erations to come. This is why, in my district, there is already broad support among fisher-men for moving to an electronic moni-toring regime. It costs less. It rewards fishermen who play by the rules. It en-sures that sustainability of the fish-eries that their industry depends upon goes forward. In fact, the Northeast Fisheries Council has already outlined the goal of total adoption of an electronic moni-toring regime. However, NOAA’s Ma-rine Fishery Service does not have a strategy in place to make that goal a reality. Without an implementation strategy from NOAA, fishermen who elect to invest in electronic monitoring for their vessels would still be subject to the costly at-sea monitoring regime, so, in effect, would be forced to pay twice. We need to move forward on this issue, take advantage of the new tech-nologies that not only make it cheaper and easier to monitor, but more effec-tive as well. We have an opportunity for a win-win scenario, but it requires that we commit to pursuing it. Step one is NOAA reporting to Con-gress on what full implementation of the electronic monitoring should look like and by focusing first on the North-east region. This strategy will serve as a model for other fishery regions around the country as they take their own steps towards adopting electronic monitoring across the country. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair, will the gentleman yield? Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ). Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair, I want to compliment the gentleman on his amendment. This is long overdue. We have the technology. The imposi-tion of putting bodies on board ships that don’t really do anything, and I don’t think make a great count, can be done better through technology. So I compliment the gentleman on his amendment, and I will be supporting his amendment. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chair, I thank my colleague from Alaska. I think the gen-tleman understands full well that that monitor on the ship poses very chal-lenging times from the time that they are on that ship, and the $900 a day is simply something that fishermen can’t afford right now. It is not necessary. Mr. Chair, I thank my colleague from Alaska for joining with me in this ef-fort, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
EATING ). The amendment was agreed to. b1645 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MR . POLIQUIN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 8 printed in House Report 115–786. Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Add at the end the following: TITLE ll—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
SEC. l01. STUDY OF FEES CHARGED TO LOBSTER FISHING INDUSTRY. 
Not later than 6 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce, acting through the National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, shall study and report to the Congress on all fees imposed by such Administration on the lob-ster fishing industry. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 965, the gentleman from Maine (Mr. POLIQUIN ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Maine. Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman Y
OUNG very much for this opportunity to be here. Mr. Chairman, ‘‘Maine is Vacation-land.’’ Everybody in the country and everybody on this floor should know that. In fact, Mr. Chairman, we put ‘‘vacationland’’ on our license plates just to make sure everybody knows that. Our population in the great State of Maine is 1.3 million hardy souls, but we have 40 million people vacation in our State every year. We have 3,000 miles of breathtaking coastline and hundreds and hundreds of clear lakes and streams and hundreds of miles of swift- running streams and rivers. Everybody that is stressed out in this country, Mr. Chairman, should go to Maine and have their summer vacation because, Mr. Chairman, the tourist in-dustry in the State of Maine employs about 150,000 people. Maine, Mr. Chairman, is also lobster. There isn’t a person in this country who does not relate the great State of Maine to lobsters. Now, I know Mr. Chairman over here has some great critters up in Alaska called crabs, king crabs. Now, they are a good species, but Maine lobsters are a great species, and we need to stand up for our lob-sters, Mr. Chairman. On the water in the State of Maine, on the water we have 10,000 jobs that support our lobster industry—10,000. These are folks who pull traps in their stern. We have a terrific staffer, Mr. Chair-man, here on this committee, Bill Ball, who got through college pulling lobster traps. It is hard work, very hard work. In addition to the folks who pull the traps, we have folks on land who proc-ess them and ship them all over the world. It is a $1 billion industry, all said, in the State of Maine. Mr. Chairman, when these folks rise before the Sun comes up and they head out to sea, sometimes in January and February, they are pulling up to 800 traps, and they get their critters on the boat and they have got to rebait those traps. They have got to keep their catch alive on the boat. They have got to get them back to the dock, and then they have got to get them to a proc-essor and then to someone who is a dealer who packages these things and ships them all over the world. Every time in this process, I fear, Mr. Chairman, there are fees, Federal, State, and maybe local fees, that are charged to get that critter from the bottom of the cold Maine ocean to the plate of hungry folks around the world. So my bill, Mr. Chairman, that I am honored to bring up, my amendment to H.R. 200, requires NOAA, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, do something very common sense. We want to make sure we have an in-ventory of all the fees that are charged 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JY7.036 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6093 July 11, 2018 
to get this product to market, because our guys on the docks are coming up to me and our dealers and our processors, saying: Bruce, why are you making it so hard for us? Government, Mr. Chairman, is sup-posed to make it easy for our families to live better lives and our small busi-nesses, and all these lobster fishermen are running small businesses. We need to make sure their fees are lower and the regulations are fewer and the taxes are lower because that helps them grow their business, hire more people and pay them more, and live better lives with fatter paychecks and more free-dom. So I am asking everybody, Mr. Chair-man—and I am grateful, Mr. Chairman, for the opportunity to speak about H.R. 200—I am asking every Republican and every Democrat in this Chamber to do what is right, which is to inventory these fees, because once we find out what I think are going to be one big boatload of fees, I am going to come back to this body and ask to get rid of those fees. Mr. Chairman, I am grateful for this opportunity, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chair, we are not opposed. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment, although I am not op-posed. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Alaska is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-man, I wasn’t going to rise in opposi-tion until I heard about Maine and how beautiful and the free-running streams and all the tourists and the king crab and all those other things. I do admit, I have been to Maine, and I would agree with him, but his is just a little tiny one. We are a great big thing with big-ger streams, bigger fish, bigger crab, but no lobsters, though. I have no lobsters, and I am going to ask Mr. P
OLIQUIN why we haven’t seen more lobsters from Maine. I am not sure why, but I yield to the gentleman from Maine. Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Chairman, I know deep down in Mr. Y
OUNG ’s heart, he is a Mainer at heart. I know that. I have been to Alaska. It is a good State. Maine is a great State, and, as a result, I know Mr. Y
OUNG is going to support this amendment. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-man, I didn’t say I wouldn’t support it. I just wanted to make sure I get my licks in for Alaska. With that, Mr. Chairman, I do not ob-ject to the amendment and will support it. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Maine (Mr. P
OLIQUIN ). The amendment was agreed to. AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . ZELDIN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 9 printed in House Report 115–786. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Add at the end the following: TITLE ll—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
SEC. l01. LIMITATION ON APPLICATION OF PRO-HIBITION ON ATLANTIC STRIPED BASS FISHING IN BLOCK ISLAND SOUND TRANSIT ZONE. 
Any prohibition on fishing for Atlantic striped bass in the Exclusive Economic Zone of the United States imposed under Execu-tive Order 13449 or section 697.7(b) of title 50, Code of Federal Regulations, shall not apply in the the area described in section 697.7(b)(3) of title 50, Code of Federal Regulations, com-monly referred to as the Block Island Sound transit zone. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 965, the gentleman from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Chairman, my amendment to H.R. 200 will provide needed regulatory relief for fishermen from the east end of Long Island and the entire region who are struggling under confusing and arbitrary Federal restrictions on striped bass fishing in the Block Island Sound. The unique maritime geography of our region means that making the 15- mile journey by boat from Montauk Point, New York, to Block Island, Rhode Island, requires passing through a segment of waters considered to be part of the EEZ, known as the Block Island transit zone. For recreational anglers, charter boat captains, and commercial fisher-men, this shift in jurisdiction can mean the difference between a nice day on the water and committing a Federal offense. My amendment would perma-nently restore the right to fish for striped bass in this waterway, ending decades of confusion and arbitrary pun-ishment for local fishermen. These are hardworking men and women who run small businesses either on the commercial, charter, or rec-reational side, and in my district, they are the backbone of our coastal econ-omy and part of our island’s way of life. No other species of fish, besides striped bass, are subject to this con-fusing ban, which was meant to impact the high seas of the EEZ, not a small segment of local waters situated be-tween two State boundaries. Fisher-men should be able to legally fish for striped bass in this limited area just as they currently can in adjacent State waters. We also must lift this unfair ban so that the resources of the U.S. Coast Guard can be focused on their impor-tant national security and safety mis-sion, not waste it on the enforcement of an arbitrary ban in a small water-way. A recreational angler or boat captain on the water off of Montauk Point can easily go from fishing legally and re-sponsibly in State waters to violating Federal law once they pass over the 3- mile limit where New York State waters end and the transit zone begins. Many of these individuals lack the ex-pensive GPS technology to know if and when they have crossed the boundary, and there are no buoys to warn them. These are responsible men and women who have the greatest vested interest in preserving the striped bass fishery, but they also desperately need relief from confusing government regu-lations that are hurting their liveli-hoods and access to local fisheries. Last Congress, my stand-alone bill to address this issue, H.R. 3070, the EEZ Clarification Act, passed this House with a unanimous vote. I also passed two similar amendments on this topic through the House last September, again, with unanimous support. This amendment is supported by the Recreational Fishing Alliance, Long Is-land Commercial Fishing Association, Montauk Boatman & Captains Associa-tion, and the newly formed New York Recreational & For-Hire Fishing Alli-ance. On behalf of the hardworking men and women of Long Island who rely on fishing as a way of life, I ask for all my colleagues’ support on this common-sense amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chair, I do rise in opposition to this amendment of-fered by the gentleman from New York. This is an amendment that would lift the ban on striped bass fishing in the Block Island transit zone between Montauk, New York, and Block Island, Rhode Island. Commercial and recreational fishing is allowed in State waters, as the gen-tleman said, from shore to 3 miles off-shore. Striped bass is managed by the States from Maine through North Carolina through the Atlantic States Marine Fisheries Commission. Federal waters have been closed to striped bass fishing since 1990 when a moratorium went into effect to protect juvenile fish entering the spawning population and to help rebuild a fishery that was recovering from decades of overfishing. There has been an ongoing effort to reopen the striped bass fishery in the transit zone, yet there is no science to justify it. In contrast, the science shows that allowing fishing in this transit zone, which encompasses about 155 square miles of habitat, could dis-proportionately impact spawning fe-males and, thus, threaten the overall health of the striped bass stock. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JY7.096 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6094 July 11, 2018 
This would be detrimental to some of biggest recreational and commercial fishing ports on the East Coast. Open-ing up Federal waters in one region would undermine the protections and commitment to rebuilding that others along the coast have invested in. It would set a bad precedent in managing the striped bass fishery, which still has a long way to go. Finally, Congress should not be legis-lating on species-specific fishery man-agement actions. This issue is regu-larly assessed by the Atlantic States Marine Fisheries Commission. We need to let that commission do its job and make decisions that are based on science. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no,’’ and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Chairman, this should not be treated as Federal water-ways. It should be treated as a small local waterway in between two State boundaries. It shouldn’t have been des-ignated EEZ in the first place. This amendment doesn’t declare open season on striped bass fishing. It is still going to be subject to the same man-agement that currently exists for sur-rounding waterways where striped bass fishing is currently acceptable. The science shows biomass for the striped bass fisheries strong in our area, and, also, a science that is not discussed enough in this debate is the science of my fishermen and those small-business owners who are strug-gling to make ends meet. So you have the science of the bio-mass being where it needs to be, plus we have the science that we are not speaking about enough where people right now are desperate for this kind of relief. They want people in Congress representing them in Washington who get it, who are going to fight for them. We can’t be lost in this beltway argu-ment where, here, I am a Representa-tive from the east end of Long Island, the First Congressional District of New York, and we have people who rep-resent the other end of the United States of America telling us what is best for us. We are here pleading for people to listen to us, to hear us, to hear from these fishermen, the commercial fish-ermen, the recreational fishermen, and to fight for them as well, especially when biomass backs it up. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chair, these cer-tainly are arguments that can and should be made at the Atlantic Coun-cil. In fact, they are made regularly, and that council has representation re-gionally, has representation from all the key stakeholders, and has access to the best available science, the state-of- the-art science on this issue. So I think we need to let that council do its job, and, with that, I request a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Chair, may I ask how much time I have left? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New York has 1 minute remain-ing. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Chair, I would say that every level of government needs to get it better than the way that we have the current laws, current rules, current regulations, whether it is the Federal Government, whether it is the regional councils, whether it is the State governments. Earlier on, when we were having a debate on the underlying bill and I was talking about the fluke fishery for commercial fishermen, 50 pounds a day for 7 days, 350 pounds, you are not going to let them catch 350 pounds in 1 day. You will make them catch 50 pounds a day for 7 days, while the neighboring State of New Jersey could do 500 pounds a day for 3 days. Well, guess what happened today. Talk about not getting it at other lev-els of government. Our Governor in New York State, out of no notice, cuts off the commercial food fishery. These people are struggling to make ends meet. So instead of pointing fingers at other levels of government and re-gional councils where everyone is mak-ing mistakes and no one gets it, how about we do our part? How about we get it? How about we listen to them? we hear from them? we make a dif-ference? We are leaders. We are elected to rep-resent our people. I am elected to rep-resent my people, and I would respect-fully urge my colleagues, especially those who are from faraway places sev-eral hundred miles away, to do a better job listening and allowing me to rep-resent my folks and stop trying to un-dercut people who are hardworking business owners struggling to make ends meet, especially when science is on our side. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. b1700 The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . KEATING  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 10 printed in House Report 115–786. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Add at the end the following: TITLE ll—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
SEC. l01. FUNDING FOR MONITORING IMPLE-MENTATION OF NORTHEAST MULTI-SPECIES FISHERY MANAGEMENT PLAN. 
Section 311(f)(4) (16 U.S.C. 1861(f)(4)) is amended by striking ‘‘pursuant to this sec-tion’’ and all that follows through the end of the sentence and inserting ‘‘to enforce and monitor (including electronic monitoring) implementation of that Plan.’’ 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 965, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KEATING ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, this is another amendment that will reduce the cost of monitoring on fishermen. My amendment would allow the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration, NOAA, to spend the fees they collect from penalties that are as-sessed against violators of fisheries regulations to help defray the costs re-lated to monitoring. Being able to use the fees in this way will actually help NOAA prevent against future viola-tions, as well as possibly reduce the cost to fishermen themselves. Currently, these fees can be used only to support NOAA enforcement ac-tions. While enforcement is important, it unnecessarily prevents NOAA from spending these funds on preventing vio-lations in the first place. Electronic monitoring and at-sea monitoring trips help to ensure that these kinds of abuses do not occur. This makes them a critical tool to NOAA in enforcing regulations and ensuring that our fish-eries remain sustainable. Countless fishermen in my district have been suffering this past year be-cause a select few decided to abuse the system. Greater investments in moni-toring may have helped prevent this massive fraud that occurred. However, now that it has, it is important that measures be put in place to prevent anything like this from ever happening again. That means funding for preven-tion and monitoring. NOAA should be able to use the funds it collects from the recent cases and any other cases that inevitably arise to double down on protecting the sustain-ability of fisheries and preventing as much abuse as possible before the harm is ever done. My amendment does just that by al-lowing NOAA to use the fees it collects to support prevention efforts. This gives NOAA and the fisheries managers greater flexibility to find the right bal-ance between prevention and enforce-ment, and, at the same time, lowers the cost of monitoring for fishermen. Mr. Chairman, I urge support of this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-man, I rise in opposition, even though I do not oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. P
OEof Texas). Without objection, the gen-tleman is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-man, I thank Mr. K
EATING for his amendment. This is long overdue. Col-lecting those fees and using them for observer coverage is something that should be done. If I go back to his first amendment, I want to mechanize it and use tech-nology to make sure the fishermen have an opportunity to, I believe, re-port better. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JY7.098 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6095 July 11, 2018 
This is a good amendment. I will be voting for it, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague from Alaska for his support. He knows full well how dif-ficult it is, particularly in our region, for fishermen just to sustain them-selves, let alone sustain the fish. We want to sustain the fishermen them-selves. These small vessels are out there, and they are facing $900-a-day monitoring charges. This is another means by which we will be able to do it. So I find myself agreeing three times in the last few minutes with my col-league from Alaska—twice on my amendments and the other, indeed, on a prior amendment where he rightfully pointed out the rather hyperbolic de-scription of the State of Maine, as won-derful as it is, and remind and agree with him that, indeed, this was just a mere portion of Massachusetts at one time. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
EATING ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 11 OFFERED BY MR . GAETZ  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 11 printed in House Report 115–786. Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following: TITLE V—REEF ASSASSIN ACT 
SEC. 501. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Reef Assas-sin Act’’. 
SEC. 502. ENCOURAGING ELIMINATION OF LIONFISH. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title III of the Magnuson- Stevens Fishery Conservation and Manage-ment Act (16 U.S.C. 1851 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 321. ENCOURAGING ELIMINATION OF LIONFISH. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall issue regulations under which a partici-pating State may issue to an individual sub-mitting lionfish taken in Federal or State waters a tag authorizing the taking of a fish of a covered species in Federal waters in ad-dition to any other fish of that species the individual is authorized to take in Federal waters. ‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR ISSUANCE OF TAG.— The regulations shall require— ‘‘(1) the submission of 100 lionfish for each tag issued; ‘‘(2) that lionfish taken in State waters must be taken by an individual holding a valid license to engage in such fishing issued under the laws of such State; and ‘‘(3) that each lionfish shall be submitted by removing the tail, placing it in a reseal-able plastic bag, and submitting such bag to a participating State before the tail has sig-nificantly deteriorated. ‘‘(c) N
OLIMITATION ON NUMBER OF TAGS.— The regulations shall not limit the number of tags that may be issued to an individual. ‘‘(d) USE OF TAGS.—The regulations shall provide that a tag issued under the regula-tions— ‘‘(1) shall be valid for the 5-year period be-ginning on the date it is issued; ‘‘(2) shall authorize only the recreational or commercial taking of a fish that complies with any size limit that otherwise applies to fishing for such fish in the waters in which it is taken; ‘‘(3) shall authorize such taking without regard to any seasonal limitation that other-wise applies to the species of fish taken; ‘‘(4) shall authorize— ‘‘(A) the transfer of tags to any other per-son; and ‘‘(B) use of transferred tags in the same manner as such tags may be used by the per-son to whom the tags were issued; and ‘‘(5) shall require that any fish taken under such tag outside any seasonal limitation that otherwise applies to such fish must have the tag fastened between the mouth and gill before being placed in any cooler. ‘‘(e) A
PPROVAL OF STATE TOPARTICIPATE .— ‘‘(1) C
ONDITIONS .—The regulations shall re-quire that as a condition of approving a State to issue tags under this section the Secretary shall require the State to des-ignate a repository for lionfish submitted for such tags. ‘‘(2) P
ROVISION OF FREEZER .—The Secretary shall provide to each participating State freezers in which to store submitted lionfish, at a cost of not more than $500 for each freez-er. ‘‘(f) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .—The Sec- retary shall— ‘‘(1) encourage participating States to use existing infrastructure and staff or volun-teers to conduct the State’s program under this section; ‘‘(2) include on the webpage of the National Marine Fisheries Service information about the program under this section; and ‘‘(3) encourage State and local govern-ments to work with retailers and distribu-tors to advance the purchasing and consump-tion of lionfish. ‘‘(g) O
THER PROVISIONS NOTAFFECTED .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—This section— ‘‘(A) is intended to protect species of fish that are native to waters of the United States or the exclusive economic zone; and ‘‘(B) shall not be construed to constrain any fishery, fishing quota, or fishing alloca-tion. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION ON CONSIDERATION OF  
TAGS .—This section and tags issued or au-thorized to be issued under this section shall not be considered in any determination of fishing levels, quotas, or allocations. ‘‘(h) D
EFINITION .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘covered fish’— ‘‘(A) except as provided in subparagraph (B), means red snapper, gag grouper, triggerfish, amberjack; and ‘‘(B) does not include any species included in a list of endangered species or threatened species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.); and ‘‘(2) the term ‘participating State’ means a State that has applied and been approved by the Secretary to issue tags under regulations under this section.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in the first section of such Act is amended by adding at the end of the items relating to title III the following: ‘‘Sec. 301. Encouraging elimination of lionfish.’’. (c) D
EADLINE FOR REGULATIONS .—The Sec- retary of Commerce shall issue regulations under the amendment made by subsection (a) by not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 965, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. GAETZ ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
MODIFICATION TO AMENDMENT NO . 11 OFFERED  
BY MR . GAETZ  
Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that the modified version of my amendment at the desk be considered. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the modification. The Clerk read as follows: Modification to amendment No. 11 of-fered by Mr. G
AETZ : 
At the end of the bill, add the following: TITLE V—REEF ASSASSIN ACT 
SEC. 501. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Reef Assas-sin Act’’. 
SEC. 502. ENCOURAGING ELIMINATION OF LIONFISH. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to the approval of an exempted fishing permit submitted by a participating state. Title III of the Magnu-son-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Man-agement Act (16 U.S.C. 1851 et seq.) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 321. ENCOURAGING ELIMINATION OF LIONFISH. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to the approval of an exempted fishing permit submitted by a participating state, the Secretary shall issue regulations under which a partici-pating State may issue to an individual sub-mitting lionfish taken in Federal or State waters a tag authorizing the taking of a fish of a covered species in Federal waters in ad-dition to any other fish of that species the individual is authorized to take in Federal waters. ‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR ISSUANCE OF TAG.— The regulations shall require— ‘‘(1) the submission of 100 lionfish for each tag issued; ‘‘(2) that lionfish taken in State waters must be taken by an individual holding a valid license to engage in such fishing issued under the laws of such State; and ‘‘(3) that each lionfish shall be submitted by removing the tail, placing it in a reseal-able plastic bag, and submitting such bag to a participating State before the tail has sig-nificantly deteriorated. ‘‘(c) N
OLIMITATION ON NUMBER OF TAGS.— The regulations shall not limit the number of tags that may be issued to an individual. ‘‘(d) U
SE OF TAGS.—The regulations shall provide that a tag issued under the regula-tions— ‘‘(1) shall be valid for the 5-year period be-ginning on the date it is issued; ‘‘(2) shall authorize only the recreational or commercial taking of a fish that complies with any size limit that otherwise applies to fishing for such fish in the waters in which it is taken; ‘‘(3) shall authorize such taking without regard to any seasonal limitation that other-wise applies to the species of fish taken; ‘‘(4) shall authorize— ‘‘(A) the transfer of tags to any other per-son; and ‘‘(B) use of transferred tags in the same manner as such tags may be used by the per-son to whom the tags were issued; ‘‘(5) shall require that any fish taken under such tag outside any seasonal limitation that otherwise applies to such fish must have the tag fastened between the mouth and gill before being placed in any cooler; and ‘‘(6) shall only be utilized for species caught in the same water adjacent a state where the lionfish were originally caught. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JY7.101 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6096 July 11, 2018 
‘‘(e) A PPROVAL OF STATE TOPARTICIPATE .— ‘‘(1) C
ONDITIONS .—The regulations shall re-quire that as a condition of approving a State to issue tags under this section the Secretary shall require the State to des-ignate a repository for lionfish submitted for such tags. ‘‘(2) P
ROVISION OF FREEZER .—The Secretary shall provide to each participating State freezers in which to store submitted lionfish, at a cost of not more than $500 for each freez-er. ‘‘(f) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .—The Sec- retary shall— ‘‘(1) encourage participating States to use existing infrastructure and staff or volun-teers to conduct the State’s program under this section; ‘‘(2) include on the webpage of the National Marine Fisheries Service information about the program under this section; and ‘‘(3) encourage State and local govern-ments to work with retailers and distribu-tors to advance the purchasing and consump-tion of lionfish. ‘‘(g) O
THER PROVISIONS NOTAFFECTED .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—This section— ‘‘(A) is intended to protect species of fish that are native to waters of the United States or the exclusive economic zone; and ‘‘(B) shall not be construed to constrain any fishery, fishing quota, or fishing alloca-tion. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION ON CONSIDERATION OF  
TAGS .—This section and tags issued or au-thorized to be issued under this section shall not be considered in any determination of fishing levels, quotas, or allocations. ‘‘(h) D
EFINITION .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘covered fish’— ‘‘(A) except as provided in subparagraph (B), means red snapper, gag grouper, triggerfish, amberjack; and ‘‘(B) does not include any species included in a list of endangered species or threatened species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.); and ‘‘(2) the term ‘participating State’ means a State that has applied and been approved by the Secretary to issue tags under regulations under this section.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in the first section of such Act is amended by adding at the end of the items relating to title III the following: ‘‘Sec. 301. Encouraging elimination of lionfish.’’. (c) D
EADLINE FOR REGULATIONS .—The Sec- retary of Commerce shall issue regulations under the amendment made by subsection (a) by not later than 60 days after the approval of an exempted fishing permit submitted by a participating state. (d) R
ESTRICTION .—Nothing in section 321 shall be construed as to allow for the trans-fer of fisheries allocation or catch among the various states. 
Mr. GAETZ (during the reading). Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent that the reading be dispensed with. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the amendment is modified. There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Florida is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Chairman, this amendment contains the relevant pro-visions of the Reef Assassin Act, which would attack the lionfish problem that is very pervasive in the warm waters of the Gulf of Mexico and the Atlantic Ocean. Lionfish are an invasive species that are decimating our reef fish. One lionfish can consume up to 65 juvenile reef fish in one sitting. A female lionfish can release up to as many as 10 million eggs over the course of one life-time. This legislation would allow our re-sources to be used to protect our re-source by creating an incentive for fishers who harvest the lionfish and then turn them in to participating States that would choose, on a volun-teer program, to be able to issue tags for one prized, coveted reef fish—a triggerfish, a gag grouper, or a red snapper—in the event that 100 lionfish tails were produced. Anyone who goes and slays 100 lionfish certainly has saved far more than one of our prized reef fish. That is why it is my belief that this amendment makes a great deal of sense for our environment and also for the overall health of our fisheries. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. SOTO), the Democrat lead on the Reef Assassin Act. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this good, bipartisan amend-ment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. G
AETZ ). Lionfish are disrupting Florida’s nat-ural ecosystem. Lionfish are taking away prey from our native fish stocks and prey on reef fish that perform es-sential ecological services on the reefs. This amendment would give an in-centive for fishermen to remove the lionfish by awarding a tag for desired reef fish in return for every 100 lionfish tails turned in. That is quite the boun-ty. The amendment will promote co-operation between local, State, and Federal governments to eradicate lionfish from Florida waters. This amendment is derived from a bill of which I am a cosponsor. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Florida for offering this amend-ment, and I urge my colleagues to sup-port it. Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition, al-though I don’t intend to oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Florida for bringing this issue up. The lionfish has certainly, according to many reports, been a species that is causing an adverse impact to red snap-per. The solution that he proposes here is a solution whereby States could sub-mit a modified or a new exempted fish-eries permit, where they could provide for additional access, on top of their existing allocation, to red snapper in exchange for harvesting a certain num-ber of lionfish species, which are preda-tors to the red snapper. As folks will see, there is a lot of handwriting on this amendment. We did sit back and make some changes to this, so there is an excellent chance that there are some imperfections here. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for working with us on this. I thank my friends from Florida and California for working with us on this as well. It is likely that we are going to need some additional work on this as we move forward. There are some enforce-ment issues; there are science issues; and there is introduction of a new mechanism that causes some signifi-cant concern in the form of tags, in some cases. But I, again, thank the gentleman from Florida for raising this issue, for working to ensure that we continue to have access to red snapper in the Gulf of Mexico. I look forward to working with my friend from Florida, as well as the folks across the aisle, in perfecting this as we move through the conference committee. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Louisiana for of-fering his insight and his views. It is certainly my hope that any animal that is delicious, like the lionfish, but that is also invasive and destructive to our environment, would be one that we would be able to work together across the aisle to harvest out of existence, so that we protect our environment and protect our coveted reef fish. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment, as modified, offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. G
AETZ ). The amendment, as modified, was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mrs. H
ANDEL ) having assumed the chair, Mr. P
OEof Texas, Acting Chair of the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Com-mittee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. H.R. 200) to amend the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conserva-tion and Management Act to provide flexibility for fishery managers and stability for fishermen, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Reso-lution 965, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is or-dered. Is a separate vote demanded on any amendment to the amendment re-ported from the Committee of the Whole? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JY7.043 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6097 July 11, 2018 
If not, the question is on the com-mittee amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. GOMEZ. Madam Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentleman opposed to the bill? Mr. GOMEZ. I am opposed in its cur-rent form. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Madam Speaker, I reserve a point of order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. A point of order is reserved. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Gomez moves to recommit the bill H.R. 200 to the Committee on Natural Re-sources with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the fol-lowing amendment: Page 49, line 22, strike ‘‘and’’. Page 50, line 4, strike the second period and insert ‘‘; and’’. Page 50, after line 4, insert the following: (4) in clause (ii) of paragraph (1)(A), as amended by paragraphs (1) and (2) of this sec-tion— (A) by inserting ‘‘(I)’’ before ‘‘regulatory restrictions’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘or (II) unilateral tariffs imposed by other countries on any United States seafood exports or unilateral tariffs imposed by any country on materials nec-essary for the economic viability of the United States’ fishing industry’’ after ‘‘envi-ronment’’. 
Mr. GOMEZ (during the reading). Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent that the reading be dispensed with. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. b1715 Mr. GOMEZ. Madam Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill would imme-diately proceed to final passage as amended. Mr. Speaker, President Trump claims his trade policy is meant to level the playing field for the United States, but workers and businesses in other parts of the economy will suffer unintended consequences. Despite his claims to pursue a trade agenda that will put American workers first, this administration’s trade policy shows a lack of strategy and planning that risks putting working families last and threatens our economy. Any trade agenda must fix the prob-lems with existing policy rather than making matters worse. Escalating tar-iffs and alienating our closest trading partners does nothing to advance a trade agenda that puts working fami-lies first. Our trade policy should prioritize strong environmental protections, pe-nalize cheaters, enforce labor protec-tions for workers, and strengthen rules of origin so we can advance a trade agenda that is fair to every American worker instead of picking winners and losers. But President Trump isn’t known for his discretion or his deep knowledge of policy. He doesn’t realize or doesn’t care that his America First trade agen-da puts America last by undermining our competitiveness and innovation. The idea of unintended consequences didn’t even cross his mind when an-nouncing these unilateral tariffs. But as Members of Congress rep-resenting constituents from around the country, we know that there are very real consequences for these actions. That is why I am offering this mo-tion to recommit, which would allow a Governor or elected official or ap-pointed official to request that the Secretary of Commerce declare a fish-ery disaster if fishermen suffer nega-tive impacts from these tariffs. The Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Con-servation and Management Act re-stored dozens of fishery stocks to healthy levels, and we cannot allow the ill-conceived or half-baked ideas of the President to hurt the workers or the progress we have actually made. Madam Speaker, I urge my col-leagues to vote for the motion to re-commit, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. I withdraw the reservation of a point of order. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P
OE of Texas). The reservation of a point of order is withdrawn. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. I claim the time in opposition to the motion to re-commit. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. The parlia-mentarian, I think, made a mistake, but they have a right to do that, as others Members do, but that is the way it goes. Mr. Speaker, let’s not kid ourselves. If you listen to the presentation, it has nothing to do with a fish bill. This is a procedural trick to delay passage of this bipartisan legislation. And I keep saying this is a fish bill that has been in existence for many years, since 1976, and it has been a success, and then we come up with a recommit motion that has nothing to do with this bill. The prize is fish communities, sus-tainable yields, domestic seafood in-dustry, and a job creation bill. With all due respect, I strongly urge a rejection of the motion, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. GOMEZ. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 9 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on the motion to recom-mit will be followed by a 5-minute vote on passage of the bill, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 187, nays 228, not voting 13, as follows: [Roll No. 320] YEAS—187 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NAYS—228 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JY7.105 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6098 July 11, 2018 
Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—13 
Blackburn Blum Cheney Ellison Gallagher Hanabusa Harper Jenkins (KS) Napolitano Perlmutter Rush Scalise Speier 
b1745 Messrs. MARINO, MITCHELL, NEWHOUSE, and Mrs. BROOKS of In-diana changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Messrs. CROWLEY, RUPPERS-BERGER, and CLEAVER changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the motion to recommit was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 222, nays 193, not voting 13, as follows: [Roll No. 321] YEAS—222 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Courtney Cramer Crawford Cuellar Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lynch MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—193 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Crist Crowley Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gottheimer Granger Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—13 
Blackburn Blum Cheney Ellison Gallagher Hanabusa Harper Jenkins (KS) Napolitano Perlmutter Rush Scalise Speier 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1753 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 320 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 321. 
f 
AUTHORIZING THE CLERK TO MAKE CORRECTIONS IN EN-GROSSMENT OF H.R. 200, STRENGTHENING FISHING COM-MUNITIES AND INCREASING FLEXIBILITY IN FISHERIES MAN-AGEMENT ACT Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that in the en-grossment of the bill, H.R. 200, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JY7.045 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6099 July 11, 2018 
Clerk be authorized to make technical corrections and conforming changes to the bill, including the change I have placed on the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the modification. The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 14, line 15, strike ‘‘‘including’’’ 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Alaska? There was no objection. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 6237, MATTHEW YOUNG POL-LARD INTELLIGENCE AUTHOR-IZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEARS 2018 AND 2019 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a priv-ileged report (Rept. No. 115–815) on the resolution (H. Res. 989) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6237) to authorize appropriations for fiscal years 2018 and 2019 for intelligence and intelligence-related activities of the United States Government, the Com-munity Management Account, and the Central Intelligence Agency Retire-ment and Disability System, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF NATHANIEL ‘‘NAT’’ REED (Mr. THOMAS J. ROONEY of Florida asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute.) Mr. THOMAS J. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Nathaniel ‘‘Nat’’ Reed of Jupiter Island, a Florida environmental icon who died today at the age of 84. Mr. Reed loved nature and the Flor-ida environment and devoted most of his life to fighting for Florida’s natural wonders like the Everglades. My finest memory of him will be hunting quail near Hobe Sound. As an aide to former Governor Claude Kirk, Mr. Reed successfully stopped the construction of an airport in the Flor-ida Everglades because the construc-tion would have meant devastation to the Everglades and Big Cypress Swamp. Mr. Reed appreciated wildlife and was also one of the authors of the En-dangered Species Act, which protects many animals, including several in Florida. He later ended up founding 1000 Friends of Florida, to preserve spe-cial places in our State. Nat Reed is an institution in the State of Florida, and he was a wonder-ful mentor to me. Our State lost a real leader and a friend to many, and he will be greatly missed. 
f 
FAILURE TO ACT HAS CONSEQUENCES (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, sometimes it seems that the United States moves from one crisis to the next. We have to keep our eye on the ball. As Members of Congress, we have a duty to protect everyone in this coun-try from unnecessary suffering. We cannot forget that the Trump adminis-tration is still holding children in cages, ‘‘Cages ‘R’ Us.’’ Congress should step up and end this terrible policy. We cannot forget that thousands—maybe even millions—of people in this country are served by water systems that violate the Safe Water Drinking Act. Congress should invest in rebuilding community water infrastructures. We cannot forget that this year there is nearly one school shooting a week. Congress needs to dump the NRA and pass reasonable gun laws. Mr. Speaker, ignoring the problem doesn’t make it go away, and each mo-ment we fail to act puts human lives at risk. f 
b1800 HONORING PHILIP W. HOLMES, JR. (Mr. NORMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. NORMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of one of my home-town’s finest. The founder and owner of Rock Hill, South Carolina’s iconic PW’s Ice Cream, Mr. Philip W. Holmes, Jr. has passed away at the age of 82. For 25 years, PW’s has served our community proudly. Following his service in the Marine Corps and his ex-perience in the hospitality industry, Mr. Holmes took the risk every busi-ness owner does and opened PW’s in 1993. It was named after his two sons, Philip III and Wayne. He believed that ice cream was one of the greatest ways to bring families together. After his passing, both of his sons continue his legacy at PW’s. You can now find the phrase, ‘‘Dad got his wings’’ on the store’s sign. Philip Holmes, Jr. will be remem-bered by our community for giving every scoop with a smile. He was a great South Carolinian, and he was a great American. 
f 
NATO (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, it is important for my colleagues and as well the American people to know that NATO is not just section 5, when one is attacked all are attacked. NATO is thought. It is purpose. It is a sense of collaborative viewpoints on the value of democracy. It is important that any Commander in Chief, no matter what party affili-ation, passes the standard of decorum to recognize our allies and to strength-en the relationships and to give criti-cism where necessary and to seek im-provement, but not to be an embarrass-ment. I think it is important, as meetings are proceeding, that we recognize that our allies are far more important than an individual who continues to provide nerve gas to kill people on foreign soil, to be behind attacks on airplanes tak-ing over Crimea and other places. It is important to recognize that, yes, you engage with your enemy, but you rec-ognize that they are your enemy. I would also suggest that it is hardly the American way for the U.S. delega-tion to oppose a breastfeeding resolu-tion at the World Health Organization and to punish a little country like Ec-uador. I want us to be better internation-ally, Mr. Speaker, and stand for the values of America. f 
JULIA RUELLE AND THE BOUNDARY WATERS (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, last year, 16-year-old Julia Ruelle of Minnetonka, Minnesota, started having headaches and exhaustion. A sopho-more at Minnetonka High School, she was diagnosed with a very rare brain tumor. Julia grew up loving the outdoors, and as she began her treatment, she would often think about the Boundary Waters Canoe Area where her family vacationed for years. Today, Julia is recovering and is back to outdoor physical activity. She recently won an essay contest on why the Boundary Waters are so important and why it matters to her—winning a prize of a parent-free weekend canoeing in the Boundary Waters wilderness. Julia, looking strong and healthy, just visited my office last month to ad-vocate for protecting the Boundary Waters. She is a brave girl, and she is a perfect example of what this national treasure means to Minnesota and what it means to our country. I include in the R
ECORD a copy of her essay. 
2018 B OUNDARY WATERS CANOE AREAESSAY  C
ONTEST  (Winning Essay by Julia Ruelle, Minnetonka, Minn.) It’s the start of the school year: everyone is sullen for being forced to sit still all day and teachers try in vain to pull us out of our school-induced slumber with a myriad of get- to-know-you activities. As I fill out yet an-other form with questions I am tired of an-swering, I come to the question asking me to list my favorite activities. I pause for a mo-ment, wondering which activities to include this time: running, cross country skiing, downhill skiing, sledding, ice skating, kayaking, canoeing, paddle boarding, camp-ing, gardening, walking, hiking, biking, hammocking, or exploring. As a shortcut and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JY7.112 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6100 July 11, 2018 
with a melancholy glance at the sun shining through the window, I settle with writing, ‘‘being outside’’. Though such get-to-know-you forms are rarely very honest, one fact always holds true to me: I love being outside. In the sum-mer, a typical day usually starts with run-ning with the cross country team as the sun rises, paddling with a friend in the after-noon, and an evening walk with Rio, our faithful seven year old rescue dog, around a small lake of the over 10,000 our state is known for. For the past 5 years, Rio and my family have been lucky to have a change in scenery to the beautiful, pristine Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness for about four days each summer. These days are when I feel most connected to my soul and sur-roundings and most at home, with no social media or material concerns to distract me from the purity of the air in my lungs, dirt beneath my feet, and the sounds of birds, water, and all things natural in my ears. My love for these lands has caused me to be in-volved with the Campaign to Save the Boundary Waters movement, regularly do-nating and wearing the logo on shirts, stick-ers, and pins as frequently as possible. All my classmates know of this passion of mine, as I take any opportunity to educate my peers about the threat the proposed Twin Metals mine poses to the pristine waters so unique to the Boundary Waters and the many watersheds it affects. Though Jerry Vandiver, a country singer with an album or two about the Boundary Waters area, sings that ‘‘winter is for . . . pull[ing] out the map’’ and ‘‘plan[ning] a new route’’ while keeping close to the warmth of the fireplace, to me, the snow and sub-zero temperatures of Minnesota winters make venturing outside even more exciting! I joined the cross country ski team last year and immediately regretted not having tried it earlier. Skiing taught me to love winter and pray for more snow, instead of begrudg-ing it. Though I grew up loving to ice skate at the park across the street, learning to ski ignited a desire to be outside everyday, even when the cold was biting. Unfortunately, this winter has been a little different. Around Thanksgiving, I started ex-periencing exhaustion, headaches, and nau-sea at rates I had never before had to with-stand. As doctors didn’t perceive any viruses to be concerned about, we wrote it off as mi-graines and I continued to participate in life as usual, going to school and ski practices everyday. However, after trying to fight through it for two weeks, I ended up in Ur-gent Care one night and scheduled an ap-pointment with my doctor three days later. During those three days, I slept pretty much all day and barely ate, thanks to debilitating headaches and nausea. Arriving at the doc-tor’s appointment, I threw up in the waiting room and the nurses deemed my low body temperature and slow heart rate alarming enough to rush me to the emergency room in an ambulance. At the end of that day, they still didn’t have any answers as to what was causing it all. However, the next day, my doctor suggested getting an MRI and I squeezed into their last slot of the day. Half-way through the MRI, my parents were rushed into a special room and my doctors got in contact with the radiologist and a neurologist. All in all, the verdict was that there was a mass in my brain causing pres-sure build up, also known as hydrocephalus. I required an endoscopic third ventriculostomy, which is essentially a tube put into my head to allow the fluids to flow, and a biopsy to find out what it was. So there I was, getting brain surgery, which is definitely not the curveball most expect dur-ing sophomore year. The biopsy revealed that I had a rare brain tumor called a germinoma, luckily with a high cure rate. Obviously, this has changed my life com-pletely and kept me from doing most normal teen things. But, the worst part was not being allowed to run, ski, skate, or do any-thing that had the potential of making me fall until the surgeons deemed me ready. Still, I made it my priority to be outside at least once a day, usually taking short walks. Getting outside even when I felt unable to do most other things has been a type of therapy for me. Breathing fresh air and feeling the cold on my face refreshed me and made me feel better, at least for a little while, every time. After six weeks of limited activity, the Friday I got the OK to do any activity I wished began the best weekend since the di-agnosis. In the afternoon, I went snowshoeing on a trail through the cattails. At night, I ice skated with friends. The next morning, I cross country skied on a frozen creek. On Sunday, I ran for the first time since the diagnosis and though it was incred-ibly slow-paced, the feeling of fighting through the burn and completing an entire loop of my go-to trail can only be understood by those who have experienced the phe-nomenon of a runner’s high. Better yet was the soreness that almost kept me from mak-ing it down the stairs Monday morning. I had been sore many times due to the chemo-therapy, but this pain was something I had caused myself by working hard and, in a weird way, made me very proud of myself. Reading the announcement of this essay contest in the paper this Thursday, I could hardly withhold my excitement! I danced around the house, imagining the essay I would write and how much fun it would be to share my favorite place with my friends. Though I am such a lover of the BWCA, most of my friends have never experienced its hyp-notic serenity and I’ve always wanted to share it with them, but not wanted to have to bring my parents along. This contest has the potential of granting me this wish. In ad-dition, I am lucky to have a short treatment plan of chemotherapy and radiation that will be wrapped up in early May with no physical restrictions. This enables me to be perfectly ready for a summer trip to the greatest place on Earth with my closest friends. As I reviewed the details of the contest, I found something additional that links me to this mission: Joseph [one of the contest judges]. Hi! I read that you were diagnosed with leukemia at 13 years old and I imagine you and I share many similar experiences. Other than just the typical cancer similar-ities, I wonder if you share the experience of growing a little sick of your parents. I know, it might seem impossible to them, but after being surrounded and worried about almost exclusively by my parents for the last couple months, I’m very ready to escape their con-cern for a little while. Of course, I have al-ways and will always love and appreciate them for their constant love and support, but distance makes the heart grow fonder, right? My desire to spend a couple days deep in the wilderness, sharing unique experiences with my closest friends, has increased great-ly in the last couple months. As a long-time lover of the outdoors and the Boundary Waters and a recent parent-es-cape hopeful, I would cherish this oppor-tunity to navigate the lakes and portages I’m so fond of with my friends. I know my dreams will soon be filled with mornings looking out over the water, long days of pad-dling, dinners laughing beside the campfire, and nights sleeping with only a tent between me and a sky full of stars. I pray these dreams will be made a reality. NATO (Mr. COHEN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, today, the House passed a resolution which I au-thored with the help of the Committee on Foreign Affairs of which E
DROYCE  is the chairman supporting NATO and the NATO countries that are endan-gered by Russian aggression, particu-larly Estonia, Lithuania, Latvia, and the Baltic area. The Balkan countries also have been threatened, including Montenegro, Georgia, Moldova, and Ukraine. The resolution speaks of our support of the sanctions against Russia. And the sanctions should remain until Cri-mea is returned to Ukraine and the Donbas no longer has war. Then we continue to support the Baltics who have their airspace invaded by Russian aggression. I am pleased that Speaker R
YAN al-lowed this resolution to come to the floor and was passed by voice vote unanimous consent as the Senate had passed a similar resolution 97–2. The House and the Senate stand together in support of NATO and our allies in East-ern, Central, and Western Europe. 
f 
HONORING FORMER MAYOR JIMMY D
ELOACH (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to remember someone who dedicated his life to public service in the First Congressional District of Georgia, Mr. James Mondell DeLoach, Sr., who passed away on July 3 at the age of 86. Jimmy DeLoach truly dedicated his whole life to serving others. He was a staple of government in Garden City, Georgia, between 1970 and 1990, serving three terms as the mayor of Garden City and then for 8 more years as a Chatham County commissioner. As county commissioner, Mr. DeLoach was integral in the construc-tion of the nationally important Mighty Eighth Air Force Heritage Mu-seum dedicated to the airmen who served in the European theater during World War II. Because of his exceptional service to the area, one of the area’s most pop-ular roadways was given his name, the Jimmy DeLoach Parkway. Jimmy DeLoach was the epitome of a public servant. And he set the bar high for all of us who followed him in public service. His family, including his son, the mayor of Savannah, Eddie DeLoach, are all in my thoughts and prayers. We truly lost a giant in west Chatham County. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JY7.049 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6101 July 11, 2018 
NATO (Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-sylvania asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Speaker, for nearly 70 years now, the United States has led the Western alliance standing up to first the Soviet Union and then Russia with-in the organization known as NATO. Whether the President of the United States was Democrat or Republican, Truman, Kennedy, Reagan, Bush, Obama, it made no difference. Standing up and supporting our Western Euro-pean allies, standing up and supporting NATO was an absolute given and, frankly, not even a partisan issue. Yet under this President and this adminis-tration, we now have, for the first time ever in the post-World War II era, a real question about American commit-ment to NATO and to the Western alli-ance. Mr. Speaker, I urge the Trump ad-ministration to follow the bipartisan lead of the House Foreign Affairs Com-mittee to support NATO and support our Western allies. It has underpinned peace for 70 years. 
f 
HONORING NEW YORK STATE TROOPER NICHOLAS CLARK (Mr. REED asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and remember the life of New York State Trooper Nicholas Clark. A lifelong resident of Steuben County and a star football player from my alma mater, Alfred University, Nick Clark honorably served his community and the State of New York as a New York State trooper. Since 2015, he has protected the people that he called his friends and neighbors. Trooper Clark put his life on the line every day to serve his community. In the early morning of Monday, July 2, 2018, Trooper Clark responded to a call in the town of Erwin and was shot and killed in the line of duty. Mr. Speaker, he is truly a hero for his actions and the sacrifices he made for all of us. Trooper Clark will be missed by the communities that he served and the lives that he touched. Together we stand with his family and friends as they mourn. I thank him for his service to our community and for his bravery. I pray he rests in peace. Mr. Speaker, I ask this legislative body to pause its deliberations and join me in remembering and honoring the 29-year life of Trooper Nicholas Clark. 
f 
REUNITE CHILDREN WITH FAMI-LIES: WE WILL NOT STOP UNTIL EACH CHILD IS WITH THEIR PARENTS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. S
MUCKER ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from California (Mr. CORREA ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous materials on the subject matter of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful for the opportunity to address this body, once again, on the urgency of reuniting migrant children with their families. The administration’s zero-tolerance policy has caused chaos and systemati-cally torn immigrant children away from their parents. Many innocent children are still being held under in-humane conditions at detention facili-ties apart from their parents. In total, almost 5,000 children—let me repeat— almost 5,000 children who have been separated from their parents because of this zero-tolerance policy are still suf-fering. Last month, U.S. District Judge Sabraw ruled that children under the age of 5 must be reunited with their parents within 14 days. That deadline was yesterday. It came and passed, and only about half the children were actu-ally reunited. Mr. Speaker, this is unacceptable. There needs to be consequences for the administration’s disregard for the law and failure to comply with the Federal Court order. The United Nations has noted that children who arrive at the U.S. border who plead for asylum with their par-ents is a legal form of entry according to international law. Many of these children are fleeing from countries plagued with gang violence and drug wars. The administration continues to highlight the threat of the MS–13. Yet the administration does not acknowl-edge that actually MS–13 is one of the reasons why children and families are seeking protection in our country. Asylum seekers are not illegal immi-grants. They are individuals seeking refuge. It is the law to ensure that asy-lum seekers are given an opportunity to state their case in front of a judge. Furthermore, separating children away from their parents is an illegal viola-tion of human rights. This violation of human rights is being exacerbated by DHS’ poor record-keeping. Today the administration does not have the recordkeeping capa-bility necessary to reunite children with their parents, and, instead, they are now relying on DNA tests to figure out what child belongs to what parent. That is why, Mr. Speaker, 120 of my colleagues and I have called upon the Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services and Home-land Security to investigate on how the administration plans to reunite children with their families. We are concerned that there are no records of the children to reconnect them with their proper parents. The administration’s actions are causing irreparable harm to these vul-nerable children, and it is time for the administration to immediately reunite these families. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from California (Mrs. D
AVIS), who is my good friend and distin-guished colleague. Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speak-er, I want to thank Mr. C
ORREA for this Special Order. Mr. Speaker, the Trump administra-tion has just missed their court dead-line for reuniting the youngest chil-dren separated from their parents, and there seems to be no solution in sight for these innocent children. Over 20 days ago, even before the court order, I led my colleagues in writing a letter to Homeland Security and Health and Human Services asking what their plans were for reuniting separated children with their families. b1815 I have yet to get an answer. The American people deserve to know where the children are and how they will be safely returned to their fami-lies. In a world where we can track nearly everything in real time, how is a Fed-eral agency unable to provide answers to Congress on the whereabouts of kids in their care? We are told that agencies did not co-ordinate their efforts. Did they not plan for this? Do they not understand the concept of interoperability that we have come to use within our adminis-trations? This administration’s cruel policies are overwhelming our already burdened judicial and foster care systems, and the American people are stuck paying the price. It is time for this adminis-tration to realize that policy decisions have consequences. Even the few children who have been reunited with their families will carry the scars of this appalling experience throughout their lives. We have al-ready heard reports that some of the youngest do not recognize their par-ents as they are reunited. That is un-derstandable. In fact, it is even antici-pated. Families, as we are seeing, are traumatized. They are scared. They are heartbroken, as anybody would be in their shoes. Mr. Speaker, I once again call on this administration to answer critical ques-tions about the whereabouts of the children and reunite them with their families immediately. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California, Mr. S
ALUD CARBAJAL , my good friend and colleague. Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Speaker, I, too, am an immigrant to this country. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JY7.115 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6102 July 11, 2018 
What has become evident is the cruel, self-imposed crisis that this ad-ministration has created. It has cre-ated a chaotic process for detaining and separating children from their families. This is an administration that has now missed the court’s order to start reuniting children, something that is unacceptable. We are talking about more than 2,000 children, kids that re-main separated from their families. About a week ago, I visited the El Tornillo detention center in Texas. I saw firsthand the conditions in which these children are being detained. I spoke to the children firsthand to get their own personal thoughts on what was going on. They talked to me in detail about how they were woken up at 5 a.m. in a regimented fashion. They were rushed through showers and made to take showers in less than 5 minutes. They were given only 10 to 15 minutes once or twice a day for recreation, because they are out in the middle of the desert where it is extremely, extremely hot. This administration has said that they are on track to reunite children with their families, but there is no clear plan. There are no details. There is a Department of Homeland Security four-point plan to nowhere that has been put forth. In this plan, there are no details. There is really an absence of a coherent process that will reunite these children with their families. This is unacceptable. This is a self-imposed crisis and a cruel crisis that has been created by this administration. This is why we need a congressional hearing and over-sight to get to the bottom of this and to really show the American people how misguided this policy has been and the inhumane conditions that have re-sulted from this policy. America was once that beacon on the hill other countries looked to, in terms of how we treated our immigrants and those seeking shelter and asylum. We have lost that moral ground, because this administration has sought to de-stroy the values and ideals that our country has held up high for decades and centuries. We also need legislation because, clearly, this administration reminded us that their zero-tolerance policy could be put in effect and implemented any other day again. What this administration has done is un-American. This President has cho-sen to divide us again as a country, to go after the most vulnerable, and to go after immigrants in the most inhu-mane way. This is not the United States that we all love and care for. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. M
AXINE WATERS ), my good friend and distinguished colleague. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my col-league from California, Congressman C
ORREA , for leading this important dis-cussion. Mr. Speaker, I rise to reiterate my alarm about the child abuse at the bor-der. Due either to complete incom-petence, deliberate indifference, or both, this administration failed to fully comply with one of the first court-ordered deadlines to reunite in-nocent children with their parents from whom they were separated. The Trump administration failed to implement an effective system for identifying and reconnecting children with their parents before executing its family separation policy. As a result, they have been unable to accurately re-port the number of children in their custody, the location of each child, and the immigration status of the parents, many of whom who have already been deported. Adding insult to injury, it was re-cently revealed that one of the de-tained children under the age of 5 may actually be an American citizen. Such a mistake should never happen and should shock every American to their core. This is a despicable humanitarian crisis created by Donald Trump, and one which the Trump administration has shown no ability to solve. Despite the President’s attempt to divert attention from the crisis, thou-sands of children remain separated from their families. This is a national disgrace. Every parent, every grand-parent, and every patriotic American should be appalled by the harm that this President has inflicted on chil-dren. We must all exercise our First Amendment right to speak out against this unconscionable family separation crisis. I urge my colleagues in Congress to make every effort to ensure that these children are reconnected with their parents. If the crisis proves im-possible for the administration to fully solve, Congress must hold accountable those who are responsible. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas, Mr. VICENTE GONZALEZ . Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to tell my fellow Ameri-cans and fellow Members of Congress that I am appalled over reports of mis-treatment and abuse toward children at the Shiloh Residential Treatment Center. The facility is under contract with the Department of Health and Human Services, and is located just south of Houston, Texas. The Shiloh facility is owned and operated by the same entity that formerly operated Daystar Treat-ment Center in Manvel, Texas. Daystar was closed because the way they phys-ically restrained children led to the death of three teenagers. In most cases, the children were hog-tied. Now, in-stead of hog-tied, they are drugging children into submission. One child was prescribed 10 different shots and pills, including the antipsychotic drugs Latuda, Geodon, and Olanzapine; the Parkinson’s medi-cation Benztropine; the seizure medica-tion Clonazepam; and many, many oth-ers, such as nerve and pain medica-tions, antidepressants, and cognitive enhancers. This is a crime. A Federal judge in California, Judge Laughrey, recently explained: ‘‘Psy-chotropic drugs are powerful medica-tions that directly affect the central nervous system. They are particularly potent when administered to children. . . . They are more vulnerable to psy-chosis, seizures, irreversible movement disorders, suicidal thoughts, aggres-sion, weight gain, organ damage, and other life-threatening conditions.’’ The message is clear. The U.S. De-partment of Health and Human Serv-ices needs to be reprimanded for let-ting these horrific actions take place, and provide answers to the American people. You cannot hide behind sub-contractors. You are on notice. Let me make this even clearer. The Federal Government must act at once. Stop placing these children in trau-matic and dangerous environments that right now are causing children to suffer in pain. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to join in this argument, uti-lize their powers of congressional over-sight, and call on the administration to end these procedures and abide by sim-ple rules of decency and humanity. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY ), my good friend and distinguished colleague. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend and colleague from the great State of California (Mr. C
ORREA ), for yielding and for his leadership on this very im-portant humanitarian issue and so many other issues before this Congress. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, the Trump administration missed its court-or-dered deadline to reunite the toddlers and babies it kidnapped at our south-ern border with their families. And, yes, I say kidnapped. I don’t know how else to describe this. That is the only appropriate word to describe the implementation of the so-called zero-tolerance policy when there was clearly no forethought as to how chil-dren would be returned to their par-ents. The cruelty and inhumanity at the border has led to nearly 3,000 children being torn away from their families and imprisoned. Instead of having a plan in place to reunite these families, the administration lost, destroyed, or never even created records, and clearly did not care or think about reuniting these children. Now we have a crisis of a whole dif-ferent kind: figuring out how we put the pieces back together, how we put the families together again. Some par-ents of these children have already been deported. Some are totally unac-counted for. President Trump and his administra-tion are utterly failing to fix this trag-edy that they created. We have so 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JY7.117 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6103 July 11, 2018 
many tragedies in the world that we are reacting to. This was one that was literally created by this administra-tion. While we deal with this unorganized chaos and incompetence, the children still in custody continue to suffer ir-reparable trauma in unimaginable con-ditions, all because the President want-ed to punish those who sought safety for their children and a better life in the United States of America. We will not rest until each one of these children is back safely in their parents’ arms. We will continue to de-mand information on how these chil-dren will be reunited with their fami-lies and insist that officials who took part in this tragedy are held account-able. I have visited two facilities with my colleagues. One was in Elizabeth, New Jersey. We went there on Father’s Day with permission from lawyers and the inmates to visit with them. At first, they would not allow us access. Fi-nally, after we pushed and pushed, we were allowed to see five gentlemen, four of whom entered the country le-gally. They entered the country and immediately turned themselves over to immigration authorities. One came in illegally because there was violence at the border, and he then immediately turned himself over to immigration fa-cilities. They all had very sad stories to tell. I share one from a man, from which country, we can’t say, but there was a lot of violence and drug violence. His partner was killed, and his business was destroyed. They went to the school, threatening to take his daugh-ter. She, luckily, was not in school at the time. The thugs were looking for her. So he grabbed his daughter and fled to America. He was in detention when they came to his cell at 3 o’clock in the morning and tore his 8-year-old daugh-ter from his arms. Along with my five colleagues, Mem-bers of Congress from New York and New Jersey, we asked to speak to the head of the facility, the head rep-resenting ICE, the head of the deten-tion facility. b1830 They said they had no records of where his daughter was. To this day, they have not reunited this father with his 8-year-old daughter. He broke down in tears. I also visited a facility in New York City, Cayuga in East Harlem. This is a facility that I feel was very well-run. It is for foster care. Children are there in the daytime, and then they are placed in foster homes during the night. Again, the children did not know where their parents were. The profes-sionals said it usually takes them 59 days to find a relative, an appropriate guardian, or the parents. I just have to join my colleagues in saying that this is a disaster. Mr. Speaker, 3,000 migrant children who were taken from their parents at the border are still waiting to be reunited. There are accounts of pregnant women being shackled in detention and callously denied prenatal care or med-ical attention when they are clearly experiencing symptoms of miscarriage. On Tuesday, the administration missed the court-ordered deadline to reunite all children under 5 years of age. I understand there are more than, roughly, 100 children in this category. Very few have been reunited. Neither HHS nor DHS have con-sistent answers about how and when any of these children under 5, or over 5, are going to be returned to their par-ents. In short, there is no plan. There was no planning. They took children from the arms of their parents and did not keep records on where they are now. Repeatedly, I have joined with Rank-ing Member E
LIJAH CUMMINGS in call-ing for hearings in the Oversight and Government Reform Committee. De-spite numerous, numerous requests from him and others, we have not had one single hearing about this humani-tarian crisis being put forth by our own government. Yet, there is a hearing planned tomorrow on Hillary Clinton’s emails. The election is over. Let’s focus on the crisis before us: these children. Again, we will keep calling for and asking for hearings on this crisis before our country. I want to thank my colleague for working so hard and trying to find an-swers. I support his work completely, and I will continue working with him and others to reunite these families who came to our country looking for a better life. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentlewoman from New York for her comments. Mr. Speaker, just recently, a 14- month-old baby boy was reunited with his mother. The baby boy was trauma-tized after being separated for almost 90 days from his loving mother. Not only did he look like he wasn’t bathed for that time, but he also was covered with lice. His mom said that her son was not the same since they were reunited. He hasn’t been the same since they have been separated. He cries for fear of being alone. Her son is afraid of losing his mother again. Another parent, Milka Pablo, re-ceived a different response from her 3- year-old daughter, Darly, when they were reunited in Phoenix after 4 months of being separated. Let me re-peat: after being separated for 4 months. Darly did not recognize her mother. Milka was met with cries of rejec-tion, and Darly, the daughter, screamed as she tried to wiggle away from her mother’s arms. I cannot believe these small children are subjected to such conditions. Mr. Speaker, some are as young as 1 year old. One of these individuals—a 1-year- old—was obligated to appear in front of a judge for deportation proceedings while separated from his parents. These children don’t have the rights to a court-appointed attorney and are clearly frightened, yet they are still forced—a 1-year-old—to appear in front of a judge and answer questions that, clearly, they cannot comprehend. Many of these children can barely form sentences, yet they are expected to talk about the violence-plagued countries they are fleeing. Even Judge John Richardson told a lawyer representing a 1-year-old that he was embarrassed to ask a baby ques-tions on whether they understood the immigration proceedings before them. The separation of immigrant children from their parents is unconstitutional and simply wrong. I demand that all families be reunited immediately. Mr. Speaker, as you know, contem-porary deportation policies are trau-matizing families. The inhumane pol-icy of separating families is terrorizing parents to detrimental ends. Currently, more than 1,300 families are going through unnecessary and harmful sepa-ration enacted under our current ad-ministration. Last month, Mr. Munoz and his fam-ily crossed the border to apply for asy-lum. For 40-year-old Marco Antonio Munoz, the fear and anxiety became overwhelming. After being separated from his wife and 3-year-old son, Mr. Munoz strangled himself in a detention center in Texas. His suicide shows the fear they felt during the border cross-ing and on the road to safety in the U.S. The law allows families to escape vi-olence and prosecution by seeking shel-ter in the United States. Currently, the administration refers to asylum as a loophole and family separation as part of a zero-tolerance policy. This policy of zero tolerance is designed to deter and punish immigrants seeking asy-lum, making them illegal. While we should all focus on the neg-ative effects on the children, we can’t forget the negative effects on the par-ents as well. Families that present themselves to border agents seeking asylum have not violated any laws. However, the administration is crimi-nally prosecuting all immigrants cross-ing the U.S.-Mexico border. These families are following domes-tic and international laws, making their prosecution illegal and against our American values. We should not terrorize these families. In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, unless you are an American Indian, we are all immigrants to this country. Whether we ourselves or our forefathers came to this country, we came to seek freedom, a better life, and a better future for our families. Asylum seekers, likewise, are not new. What is new is the zero-toler-ance policy. Zero tolerance is clearly a violation of U.S. laws. It violates international law. It is inhumane. It is shameful. I ask that the administration come up with real solutions for these folks 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JY7.118 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6104 July 11, 2018 
seeking asylum. I ask the administra-tion to follow the law, follow American law, follow international law. Let’s do the right thing. Let’s do the American thing. Let’s reunite these families. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, Con-gressman C
ORREA is a valued member of this body and one of the outstanding members of the Homeland Security Committee, where he is Ranking Member of the Subcommittee on Oversight and Management Efficiency. We are here today to call upon the Presi-dent, the Department of Health and Human Services, and the Congress of the United States to act without delay to ensure sepa-rated immigrant children are reunited with their parents in an expeditious manner. On June 26, 2018, a federal judge ruled that unless reunification is not in the best interest of the child, a child under 5 years old must be reunited within 14 days of its order. Yesterday was the deadline that this admin-istration failed to meet. To President Trump, I say ‘‘Time’s Up!’’ This act committed was not only mortifying, but an illegal act. This individual has proven he lacks depth and experience, has violated the ethics that this country prides itself on, and he should be ashamed. This is a senseless act that must not go un-noticed. We must hold him accountable for these not clearly formulated decisions. Yesterday, I met with faith and community leaders to bring attention to yesterdays’ dead-line, imposed by a federal judge, to reunite the youngest separated children with their parents due to the President’s egregious ‘‘zero-toler-ance’’ policy. In our country, the rule of law and its imple-mentation is an essential component of our democracy. Twenty years ago, Flores v. Reno, also known as the Flores Agreement, established that migrants or immigrants could not be sepa-rated from their children for long periods of time. Earlier this year, President Trump and his administration implemented a ‘‘zero-tolerance policy’’ of separating immigrant children from their parents upon arrival into the United States. To be certain, the administration’s plan was half-baked. As the Founder and Chair of the Children’s Caucus and as a parent and grandparent, I am outraged that the administration rep-resented what they did not know and could not do. They did not know the true number of the children separated, they could not reunite these children, and there is no plan for their reunification. When Americans and the international com-munity from all walks of life began to chal-lenge this cruel and inhumane policy, the courts got involved. It appears as if a fortnight was more than enough time for this administration to make a complete mess of this process, and in the process damage families—perhaps irrep-arably. According to the American Civil Liberties Union, fewer than half of the migrant children who are under five years-old will be reunited with their parents. Studies have documented that when young children are forcibly removed from their par-ents, the traumatic experience engenders long-term negative effects on their physical and mental health and well-being suffers. Stressful situations that would usually prompt physiological responses in other peo-ple—increased heart rate, sweaty palms— would provoke nothing in the children forcibly removed from their parents because their fight-or-flight response system appeared per-manently broken. This is outrageous and unacceptable in a nation which has a long and noble tradition of providing sanctuary to the persecuted and op-pressed. Last Friday afternoon, July 6, 2018, the ad-ministration asked for more time to reunite these young children with their parents, which again was nothing more than a tacit admission that its plan for separating children was imple-mented without a way to eventually reunite them with their parents. After it was ordered to reunite these chil-dren, and in asking for more time to comply with the federal court, the President’s lawyers asked ‘‘can I keep these children away from their parents for a longer time?’’ My response is ‘‘these children have been away from their parents long enough.’’ When I visited the border and the federal detention facilities that housed parents and children quarantined from one another, what I witnessed was horrific and was echoed in heartbreaking audio recordings released by the press revealing children crying, aching for their parents, as all face a fate uncertain, and inconsistent with the American ideal. I will never forget the little children I met during my visit to the border. One baby, 9-month-old Roger, had been taken from his 19-year-old sister after she was prosecuted for crossing the border illegally. Their mother is dead, and they were coming here to find family. Little Leah, was just one year-old and was taken from a grandmother and a sister. The pain was no less visceral when speak-ing with mothers wondering where their chil-dren have gone. In South Texas I met Gabby, from Hon-duras, who had a 45 day-old baby taken from her, and while housed at the facility had not yet been treated or given medical attention. Yesterday, a federal judge ruled that the ad-ministration’s argument in favor of child sepa-ration was ‘‘tortured.’’ Put another way, the Administration has no leg to stand on. Trump knows that he is advancing a cruel and inhumane policy, but he refuses to accept responsibility for this matter blaming, alter-natively: Congress, the courts and prior presi-dents. This is no surprise, of course: all who have watched this president know his proclivity to shirk responsibility for any of his actions. In a bizarre turn of events, the President ac-tually tried to blame the courts for his own cruel child separation policy. A federal judge appropriately chastised the President and cast as ‘‘cynical’’ any attempt to blame the courts for his mess, which is en-tirely of this Administration’s own doing. Tellingly, the judge went one profound step further and indicated that the President and his administration knew—at least for over a year—that there was no facility which would house parents and children together. Thus, when it proceeded with this new im-migration policy, the President knew that the segregation of children from their parents was inevitable and chose to implement this policy anyway. The last time this nation had policies that promoted the forcible separation of children from newly arrived persons was slavery: a dark and shameful chapter in this nation’s his-tory that we cannot revisit. Earlier this year, President, in proclaiming April as National Child Abuse Prevention Month, stated, ‘‘we must always remember that all children are blessings from our Cre-ator’’ and endowed with value, purpose and human dignity.’’ It is time for this President and the adminis-tration he leads, to act with reason, foresight and compassion and immediately and com-pletely rectify this crisis. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, while the Trump administration has clearly taken steps to reunite immigrant children with their families, there are still 100 children under the age of five in the govern-ment’s custody. The court ordered deadline to reunite all of these children with their parents was yesterday. The Departments of Homeland Security and Health and Human Services must continue to make it a top priority to lo-cate these children’s parents and reunite these families in a timely manner. The Trump administration’s inhumane ‘‘zero- tolerance’’ policy was finally stopped by the President, but the terrible effects of this policy continue. DHS’ poor recordkeeping has re-sulted in the prolonged separation of these children. Twelve of these children’s parents have already been deported, making it much more difficult for them to reunite with their chil-dren. The Department of Homeland Security has had to resort to DNA testing to ensure that children are properly reunited, a costly and tedious process that prolongs the trauma these children are experiencing. This excess cost to American taxpayers could easily have been avoided had the Trump administration thought about the reunification process rather than solely focusing on separating children from their parents. These children have already endured an in-credibly dangerous journey from their home countries, and the Trump administration has subjected them to even more suffering. The American Medical Association has stated that separation from parents can cause lifelong psychological trauma for these children, par-ticularly children who are under the age of five. Sadly, there are already reports of chil-dren who no longer recognize their parents after these prolonged periods of separation. The Departments of Homeland Security and Health and Human Services must take imme-diate action to expedite the process of reunifi-cation, and Congress must use its legislative authority to hold these departments account-able and ensure that these human rights viola-tions are corrected. Children have been taken from their parents, and it is all of our responsi-bility to ensure that this administration are re-uniting them as quickly as possible. 
f 
HONORING CONGRESSWOMAN ILEANA ROS-LEHTINEN The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentlewoman from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JY7.120 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6105 July 11, 2018 
New York (Ms. T ENNEY ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks on my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from New York? There was no objection. Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I am happy to stand here with my col-leagues to honor our friend and our great colleague, Representative I
LEANA  R
OS-LEHTINEN , who will be retiring at the end of the 115th Congress after more than 35 years in public service. I know I speak for everyone on both sides of the aisle when I say that we will sincerely miss I
LEANA ’s bright smile, strong leadership, and fierce ad-vocacy for her constituents. Today, we look back on her service with gratitude. We recognize her com-mitment to human rights, providing equal opportunity to all, supporting public education and especially our Na-tion’s veterans. We recall our memo-ries of her great sense of humor and wish her a fond farewell as she begins her next journey in life. Representative I
LEANA ROS-LEHTINEN  broke through barriers, becoming the first Hispanic woman to serve in the Florida statehouse and senate, later rising to become the first woman to chair the House Committee on Foreign Affairs. Her record of service is beyond reproach. At the age of 8, I
LEANA ’s family fled the oppressive communist regime of Fidel Castro in Cuba. This life-chang-ing experience has guided her journey in public service and led her to remain committed to protecting human rights. Although I haven’t had the oppor-tunity to serve as long as other Mem-bers alongside I
LEANA , the time I have spent serving with her has been inspi-rational and an incredible honor. One of my great memories with I
LEANA was a congressional delegation where we traveled to South Korea, Tai-wan, and India to study the issues im-pacting the region and our Nation’s re-lationship with our important allies in Asia. Together, we met with U.S. serv-icemen and -women near the demili-tarized zone in South Korea. Then, later on, we were received by His Holi-ness the Dalai Lama in the Tibetan community in exile in Dharamshala, India. During our trip, I
LEANA shared with me her experience in Cuba and her fam-ily’s struggle and journey to the United States. Although the struggle facing the Tibetan people is different than the suffering the Cubans faced under the Castro regime, I
LEANA has applied her experience and firsthand knowledge on human rights issues, in-cluding Tibetan autonomy and Tai-wanese independence, which were high-lighted on our trip. While on the visit, ILEANA was pre-sented with a sash for the Order of the Propitious Clouds, with a special grand cordon for her significant contribu-tions to strengthening U.S.-Taiwan re-lations. I thought it would be fun to share a cute story about I
LEANA . As we were getting ready to give her this great award as the Propitious Cloud, the Tai-wanese Government officials were plac-ing her sash that she received on her. As they were adjusting it and putting it on her, she was so funny. She said: ‘‘I haven’t been through this since I was Miss America,’’ which I thought was really cute. She worked as a teacher and a prin-cipal in the Miami-Dade County schools. She saw firsthand stories of fi-nancial hardship, which eventually in-spired her to run for office. Throughout her time in Congress, she passed legislation that helped thou-sands of teenagers go to college, and she fought for LGBTQ rights. I
LEANA  has a servant’s heart and was a cham-pion of issues that were of importance to her and the people of Florida. Although Representative R
OS- L
EHTINEN may be retiring from her post in this Chamber, we know that she will continue to look for ways to serve the State and country she so dearly loves. Today, we join with her team and her family in recognizing her many years of service. We all wish Congresswoman R
OS-LEHTINEN , her husband, four chil-dren, and five beautiful grandchildren all the best in the next chapter. For me personally, it was a deep honor to work with someone so com-mitted to the greater good. The State of Florida, the United States, and countries throughout the world facing oppression are a better place because of I
LEANA ’s fierce advocacy and commit-ment to our most vulnerable. I am joined today by some of my col-leagues, although we changed our time. We will be getting to people as soon as we can. A number of colleagues wanted to be here, and, hopefully, they will catch up with us, those people who worked with I
LEANA over the years and even had more time with her. I see in the Chamber we now have Congressman C
HARLIE CRIST, who will be getting up and saying a few nice things about Ms. I
LEANA and may be reflecting on his probably extensive ex-perience serving side by side with her as a Representative in Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Florida, Mr. C
HARLIE CRIST, my colleague. We are going to stand side by side for this one. I
LEANA would love it. Mr. CRIST. Mr. Speaker, this is very bipartisan. First, I thank Ms. T
ENNEY  for putting this together. It is wonder-ful of the gentlewoman to do that. Mr. Speaker, I just wanted to say a few words about I
LEANA , what every-body knows. I am sure Mr. G
AETZ will echo this, too. Just a wonderful lady, a great public servant, a heart of gold, and always with a smile on her face. Around this place, that is very uplift-ing and wonderful to see. I wanted to come down here and tes-tify, if you will, on her behalf. b1845 What a wonderful shining light she really is. So, again, I thank CLAUDIA  for organizing this and putting this to-gether. It is great of her to do so. And, I
LEANA , if you are watching, God bless you and your wonderful fam-ily, and I know your future is going to be very, very bright. Thank you so much. Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman so much for his com-ments. I appreciate it. I am a new Member, and the Con-gressman from Florida (Mr. C
RIST) is also a new Member, but we have been touched by I
LEANA . And part of the way I got to know her was through 1- minute speeches, which you all see us do on the floor of the House. We sit down in the front row. She is kind of the queen of 1 minutes. She gets to have position A on our side, and no one dares to sit in I
LEANA ’s seat, although she is the most loving, kind person you could ever meet. That is how I got to know her. She got me so excited and inspired about coming to Asia and joining with her and kind of taking on her love and her portfolio on human rights, particu-larly helping the people in Taiwan, and especially fighting for the Tibetan Government in exile in Dharamshala, India, with the Dalai Lama. It was such an honor for me to actu-ally go to Dharamshala with Ms. R
OS- L
EHTINEN and to be able to meet the Dalai Lama and sit there with him for an hour as he entertained us. He was really charming and just an incredible inspiration not only to the Tibetan people, but also to the world. And we are now joined by our terrific colleague, the boy Congressman, our great freshman Representative from Florida’s First District, M
ATT GAETZ . We are honored to have him. I yield to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. G
AETZ ). Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from New York for yield-ing, and I also thank my colleague, the gentlewoman from Florida, I
LEANA  R
OS-LEHTINEN , for her lifetime of serv-ice. I
LEANA ROS-LEHTINEN was my State Representative the day I was born. This is a fact she does not frequently like being reminded of, but it shows the duration and the level of her com-mitment to the community in south Florida, to the country, and to the world. What I always remember I
LEANA ’s service for is the commitment that she had to vulnerable people. Whether it was children who were in need of good schools or seniors in need of hospice care, I
LEANA could always be counted on to fight for the vulnerable, for those who might not have the fancy lobbyists 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JY7.121 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6106 July 11, 2018 
or the powerful special interests in their corner. But when I
LEANA was in someone’s corner, they had a pretty good chance to be successful, whether it has been in the Halls of Congress or in our State capital in Tallahassee. I am perhaps most moved by the role model that I
LEANA has set for women all over the world. Recently, I had the opportunity to travel with I
LEANA to Jordan, where there are the initial sprout-ups of democracy. I
LEANA met with young women who had an interest in the political process, running for of-fice, campaigning, organizing in their neighborhoods and in their commu-nities for a better life. They were able to bear witness to this amazing American lady who had done so much, who had broken through so many barriers. It showed, through her life, the great potential that women have all over this world to be able to make such a meaningful con-tribution to their governments and to their communities. For all Floridians, and particularly those in south Florida who have bene-fited from I
LY’s great service, I just want to thank her, thank her family. I want to wish my friend, Dexter Douglas, I
LEANA ’s spouse, the best of luck in all the extra time he will have with I
LY. I know they are looking for-ward to spending time with their chil-dren and grandchildren, and I look for-ward to I
LEANA ’s next chapter because I know that, even in her retirement from the Congress, she will never stop fighting for vulnerable people in my State, in our country, and all around the world. Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. G
AETZ for his absolutely perfect description of I
LEANA as a champion of human rights and the most vulnerable. I would just like to mention her hus-band, Dexter. I haven’t had the honor to meet him, but we talked about him quite a bit. Obviously, traveling to Asia, we had a lot of long flights, and it is really such an honor for me as a freshman Member—and you heard from me and Congressman G
AETZ , Congress-man C
RIST, two freshmen Members, and now three who are just so inspired by Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN . Now I am so honored to also invite one of our great women leaders in the U.S. Congress, Mrs. B
ARBARA COM-
STOCK , Congresswoman B ARBARA COM-
STOCK , to say a few words about I
LEANA . She has had a little more time to serve, but we are so honored to have our great Representative from Vir-ginia. I yield to the gentlewoman from Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
OMSTOCK ). Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak about our wonderful col-league, I
LEANA ROS-LEHTINEN , and who I was first privileged to meet when I was a staffer here in Congress in the 1990s. She has gracefully served the people of Florida’s 27th District since 1989, and she embodies the type of success story that people think of when they think of people, wherever they come from all over the world, who come here to the United States. At just 8 years old, she escaped the brutal regime of Fidel Castro with her family to come to America in pursuit of a better life, to a place where she and her family could find success, and certainly they have found that. But she has never forgotten where she came from and always fought for the op-pressed all around the world and those less fortunate. So she was not only the first His-panic woman in Congress who fought for all of the things that we have been illuminating here, but she was the first—she had many firsts here, but the first chairwoman of the Foreign Affairs Committee, where she was able to take that experience that she had at 8 years old and now, really, bring it all around the world and to be able to bring that kind of heart that we know ILEANA has. Every bit of her heart is matched by a wonderful sense of humor. And you know when you see I
LEANA on the floor, or wherever you see her any-where, she is cheerleading for every-body. She is fighting for everybody, and she is always happy. She is here with her grandchildren, and she is just a joyful person. We will miss that great smile of hers. She has been a mentor here to so many women. When she was first here in Congress, there were not many Re-publican women; and certainly as the first Hispanic woman, she was the first Republican Hispanic woman, also. So she was a great mentor for those of us who were staffers at the time, which is how I was first privileged to meet her. And she has taken this calling to heart as a public servant and has always done the best for her constituents. She is a woman of great honor, a de-voted wife, mother, and grandmother. She has changed this Congress and our colleagues for the better. She is some-one for whom we join together in the I
LEANA ROS-LEHTINEN fan club. And there are, I think, pretty close to 435 Members you could have for that fan club. We will miss her insight, her intel-lect, her graciousness, and, as I said, her sense of humor and her passion for representing her constituents, rep-resenting the oppressed, and rep-resenting human rights all around the world. I
LEANA , it has been a pleasure to serve with you—first as a staffer, now, for these past 3
1⁄2years as a Member of Congress where you were such a great mentor, and all of us know you will continue to serve your community even when you leave here in Congress. We know that is in your heart, and we know you will always be a woman who gives to others, and we are so proud to have been able to serve here with you in Congress. God bless. Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, we really appreciate Ms. C
OMSTOCK ’s kind words. And now B
ARBARA is my mentor, as well as one of the early women Repub-licans who has been an inspiration and a hard worker and really instrumental in coming up with great legislation and really leading our communities. One of the great honors, I got to be with ILEANA , actually, in, as I said, the Tibetan Government in exile. I know we have a couple of Members we are waiting to come in. We had to change our time, but we have another Member. Before we get to him, I just want to say a couple of things. I got to travel to the amazing Ti-betan Government in exile, and, obvi-ously, to meet the Dalai Lama in Dharamshala, India, and was greeted by amazing students. It was just a life- changing experience, and to be able to go there with Ms. I
LEANA ROS- L
EHTINEN , our wonderful Congress-woman. We were able to get these scarves. I am going to wear this in honor of I
LEANA . It is called the khata, and it is a Tibetan Buddhist scarf. When you are handed this scarf, the words are ‘‘tashi deley,’’ which the children in Tibet and everyone greets you with when you go there. It is such an amazing experience. I want to wear this scarf in honor of I
LEANA . And, also, I might add, it is very long, and I
LEANA is not as tall as I am, so we had to fold her scarf up a couple of times so she wouldn’t drag it on the floor. But it was such a beautiful memory to be able to receive this scarf and to know how important her advocacy has been on behalf of the Tibetan people, who have been suffering under an op-pressive regime in Beijing that has really bullied this amazing community and left them in exile in India, and her fight to bring the Tibetan people back to their home country some day. We are going to continue on that front, and I hope to carry on the tradi-tion and carry on the fight, as I
LEANA  has, with compassion and with courage and the inspiration that we received from so many. Now it is my great honor to yield to my colleague from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ) to say a few words about our great leader, I
LEANA ROS-LEHTINEN . Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ms. T
ENNEY , my good friend from New York, as well, for leading this night and for this tribute. It is well deserved for the great friend I
LEANA is and a great friend to us here, as well as an amazing Member for her district, for representing her people with energy and with all that it takes to be effec-tive for the many years that she did so. And so you saw that level of energy here in this place and in our Con-ference. I was always pleased to be able to work with her on issues, but just seeing her for a minute each time because she would—C
LAUDIA talked a little bit about the height disparity, so for her and me, it is quite something else. But she would always come up to me. And me coming from a ranching back-ground and farming background in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JY7.122 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6107 July 11, 2018 
northern California, I have always got these cowboy boots on. So I just got the handle from her: Hey, Cowboy, how are you doing? And I didn’t really know what to call her, so I just went with ‘‘Cowgirl.’’ So she is my Miami cowgirl friend. So that was just part of the fun of having such a great colleague like that, and I was really, indeed, disappointed to see and to hear and to know that she was deciding to hang it up here. But every-body—everybody—has that time. She led here with, again, grace and dignity, but also with enough fire to get the job done. I know she was an amazing Representative for the people of her district and for all of us to hear the diverse sides of all the issues that affect her part of Florida and how that might contrast with my part of Cali-fornia. And you take that into mind because she is effective at getting a point across respectfully but, again, with the pizzazz it takes to be an effec-tive leader here. So we will dearly miss her. To my friend, from Cowboy: Cowgirl, enjoy your next endeavor here, and it has been a pleasure to work with you. God bless you. Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, it is a beautiful tribute to a wonderful woman who has inspired us all. So much of what Mr. L
AMALFA said about her sense of humor. I always think of the great leaders that you meet. You think of some tow-ering figure, but I
LEANA was a towering figure in her very small body, and I think of a few things about her: Her courage and her tenacity and her willingness to be truthful and to fight the fight. And also a couple of things that I learned from my father that I find that, when I find people with these rare qualities, like I
LEANA , her unwill-ingness to succumb to victimhood. She is a fighter. She has never felt sorry for herself. She is always fighting the good fight for other people who are less fortunate than she is. She probably doesn’t even recognize that is one of her great, inspiring qualities that I saw in her. And, also, her willingness to not hold a grudge and to be bipartisan and to reach across the aisle and to work with other Members without sacrificing her values and her integrity. This may be the first Special Order that we are going to hear on the great Congresswoman I
LEANA ROS-LEHTINEN , but I am not sure it is going to be the last. We still have, luckily, hopefully, a few more months, or several more months of her right to the end of the year, and we will be able to continue to honor this really amazing person who has graced this institution with leader-ship, with tenacity, with courage, with passion and compassion for those who are less fortunate. I know that she is going to continue in her private life, outside of politics, on the same mission that she is on be-cause that is who she is. She is going to fight the fight every day. She is going to stand up for the most needy and the most vulnerable in our communities. And just on a personal note, I am so grateful for this position and the privi-lege of serving New York’s 22nd Dis-trict, that I had the honor of being able to be in the presence of greatness, to be with Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN and her amaz-ing inspiration. And I just want to say thank you so much to her and to her family and to Dexter, whom I hope I get to meet some day; and to her chil-dren and grandchildren, who are so lucky to be among someone and to be able to grow up with someone like I
LEANA ; and her constituents, who I am sure are grateful every day for the work that she has done in this institu-tion and to change it forever for the better. Mr. Speaker, I thank you so much for this tribute to Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN , and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, the first Hispanic woman to serve in Florida state’s House or Senate—went on to become the first Latina in Congress and rose to be the first woman to chair the House Committee on Foreign Affairs. She’s inspired many of us to follow her pub-lic service example. For over three decades she’s been a cham-pion for the LGBTQ community, a critical voice in promoting democracy in Cuba and Ven-ezuela, a leader in advancing the well-being of the Hispanic Community, and a tireless human rights advocate across the globe. I’ve been proud to work with Rep. R
OS- L
EHTINEN on initiatives like: BRIDGE United States-Israel Agriculture Strategic Partnership Act Hurricane Irma Disaster Relief in Florida Hurricane Maria Disaster Relief in Puerto Rico She has a gift of bringing people together. Floridians are proud to have had I
LEANA as a public servant and her legacy will live on. 
f 
b1900 ISSUES OF THE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, there was an interesting story in Politico this week titled: ‘‘The Secret Story of How America Lost the Drug War With the Taliban.’’ It was written by Josh Meyer. It says: ‘‘As Afghanistan edged ever closer to becoming a narco-state five years ago, a team of veteran U.S. officials in Kabul presented the Obama administration with a detailed plan to use U.S. courts to prosecute the Taliban commanders and allied drug lords who supplied more than 90 per-cent of the world’s heroin . . .’’. Mr. Speaker, that is incredible. I have been hearing from DEA agents, local police, deputies, so many law en-forcement people, about how incredibly abundant heroin is in America. How we had so many people that would get hooked on opioids, and then they would ultimately find heroin was cheaper and more plentiful. It destroyed a lot of lives, and it continues to destroy lives in America. To have this report come out that the Obama administration could have done something in a timely manner to have saved tens of thousands, if not hundreds of thousands of lives from being lost or being wasted in this opioid epidemic of addiction, it is real-ly staggering to think that our United States Government, the Obama admin-istration, with all of its tools, had the chance to do something that would pre-vent the massive personal destructions that we have witnessed, it runs over into the unconscionable area. This article says: ‘‘The plan, accord-ing to its authors, was both a way of halting the ruinous spread of narcotics around the world and a new—and ur-gent—approach to confronting ongoing frustrations with the Taliban, whose drug profits were financing the growing insurgency and killing American troops. But the Obama administra-tion’s deputy chief of mission in Kabul, citing political concerns, ordered the plan to be shelved, according to a Po-litico investigation.’’ Now, I have not always been the big-gest Politico fan, but this is extraor-dinary. ‘‘Now, its authors—Drug Enforce-ment Administration agents and Jus-tice Department legal advisers at the time—are expressing anger over the de-cision, and hope that the Trump ad-ministration, which has followed a path similar to former President Barack Obama’s in Afghanistan, will eventually adopt the plan as part of its evolving strategy. ‘‘‘This was the most effective and sustainable tool we had for disrupting and dismantling Afghan drug traf-ficking organizations and separating them from the Taliban,’ said Michael Marsac, the main architect of the plan as the DEA’s regional director for Southwest Asia at the time. ‘But it lies dormant, buried in an obscure file room, all but forgotten.’ ‘‘A senior Afghan security official, M. Ashraf Haidari, also expressed anger at the Obama administration when told about how the U.S. effort to indict Taliban narcotics kingpins was stopped dead in its tracks 16 months after it began. ‘‘‘It brought us almost to the break-ing point, put our elections into a time of crisis, and then our economy almost collapsed,’ Haidari said of the drug money funding the Taliban. ‘If that op-eration had continued, we wouldn’t have had this massive increase in pro-duction and cultivation as we do now.’’’ This is a photograph showing scoring a poppy to extract raw opium in April of 2004. ‘‘Afghan drug lords have pledged fi-nancial support to the Taliban in ex-change for protection of their vast swaths of poppy and cannabis fields, drug processing labs, and storage facili-ties. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JY7.123 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6108 July 11, 2018 
‘‘Poppy cultivation, heroin produc-tion, terrorist attacks and territory controlled by the Taliban are now at or near record highs. President Ashraf Ghani’’—who I have met. He seems like a very decent gentleman—‘‘said re-cently that Afghanistan’s military— and the government itself—would be in danger of imminent collapse, perhaps within days, if U.S. assistance stops.’’ When we heard the Obama adminis-tration condemning the opioid addic-tion epidemic, we didn’t know that that administration had a chance to end 90 percent of the heroin coming into this country. Apparently, so much of that flows across our southern bor-der. And I realize that the leaders in the U.S. Senate and the leaders in the United States House did not support the pillars of Donald Trump’s platform that got him elected President of the United States. Every bill that we have brought out of the House or that has come out of the Senate, even a couple of times there has been a little bit of money for a border wall, it is not as se-rious as it should be that this Congress should be doing something about the travesty on our southern border. As long as it remains so open, the drug cartels will continue to make tens, hundreds of billions of dollars. I read that just the drug money across our southern border last year was around $80 billion, and I have also un-derstood that the projections are that the drug cartels may be making more from human trafficking across our southern border than they are even from their drug money. That money is being used to keep our Mexico friend and neighbor oppressed and in bondage. The best thing that we could do, if we really and truly cared about the people of Mexico, about the people of Guadala-jara, El Salvador, of so many countries in Central America, and even South America, that are caught up in human trafficking, drug trafficking, and sex trafficking that is going on and coming across the U.S. border is stop it. We stop the flow of the billions that are being spent, or made, by the drug car-tels, then they don’t have the money for the corruption that resides in so much of Mexico and south of Mexico. That is what a good neighbor should do. That is what this House should do. That is what the Senate should do. Tell our rich lobbyist friends that we are going to save American lives, and we are going to make Mexico one of the 10 top economies in the world by gutting their corruption, because we are going to enforce a secure border to our south, and they need to get ready and used to it. But we are going to have to have leadership in both the House and the Senate that will step up to the task. Enough lives have been lost, enough girls have been subjected to sex traf-ficking, enough lives have been wasted in drug addiction, enough lives have been lost in trying to get here, evilly lured here by the attraction of what might come. Fathers that would even provide birth control to daughters, knowing they are likely to be raped on the way to the United States. What kind of people are we that we would lure people into that kind of situation? Well, we are doing it. And I hear it over and over from those people that guard our border and from the people that are not insane, they are not crazy, they are not stupid, they are just ignorant about the role of ICE in America. ICE does not protect our borders. That is the Border Patrol. We also have that supplemented by others that are assisting the Border Patrol. ICE is really the one that sometimes has been referred to by—that part of Homeland Security, has been labeled by drug cartels, according to people on the border, as the drug cartel’s logis-tics. Because they get people illegally across our border, and then Homeland Security, with the help of ICE—there are children involved that involves Health and Human Services, HHS— they ship them around the country to whatever address the drug cartels give the individuals and tell them that this is where you are going, and you can finish paying off your fee to us by working for us at the address where we send you, either in sex trafficking, drug trafficking, or whatever. b1915 Yes, so we are taking United States Government money; we are prying it out of the hardworking hands of Amer-icans; and we are using it to help the drug cartels build up their employee base all over America. It is time that people in the Repub-lican Party woke up and realized the amount of human suffering that our failure to secure our southern border is causing. President Trump is doing what he can, but he could do a whole lot more if we gave him the tools to do it. How heartless can we be not to se-cure our southern border and allow the deaths, the rapes, the drug abuse that is overwhelming our country. We have got to stop it. The Obama administration had a chance to cut it off at its root source. They killed the program. So, Mr. Speaker, I think it would be a good idea—I know our friend Mike Pompeo is busy right at this moment, but there are others in the State De-partment, there are people in Home-land Security, Secretary Nielsen, oth-ers. We can do something about it. We have got to do something about it. It is what decent, caring people would do. And those, including any judge who says you have got to give these chil-dren back to people who may not be their parents, people who have convic-tions for human trafficking and sex trafficking or child molestation, ought to come up on charges themselves. Fortunately, one judge backed off of the deadline that had been set for get-ting certain children back to their par-ents, because Homeland Security and HHS is doing everything they can as quickly as they can to make sure if they give children to adults, they are not sex traffickers and they are not drug traffickers, there is a family rela-tionship. And it appears a great deal of work has been done along those lines. So there are at least five or six chil-dren who have not been turned over to people who were not their family or people who had drug or child molesta-tion offenses. But this is serious stuff. It is what we do. It is why our Nation, so many of us, became outraged when we found out that young, beautiful little girls com-peting as Olympians for the United States in the world were sexually mo-lested by an adult monster. And then we have the wannabes, adult men who set records and won wrestling matches. They could take down the strongest and best in the country, take them down if they didn’t like what they were doing. They could take them down if they got in a ring and the match started. They could take them down. And two guys like that come forward, say: Yeah. Okay. So I was an adult. So I could have been out in Afghanistan shooting and kill-ing people. I was no match for some wimpy doctor who made come-on com-ments. Somebody like that would be allowed to besmirch the name of J
IMJORDAN . It is disgusting. And any group that would glom on to something like that, it is disgusting. Assassinating an honorable character used to be a virtually unpardonable sin in America. But what happens when you quit teaching about right and wrong, you quit teaching about the Ten Commandments, you quit teaching that we are all accountable for our own actions, and you start teaching, in-stead, that everything is relative? There is no right. There is no wrong. There is only convenient and politi-cally expedient. When political expedi-ence becomes more important in Amer-ica, like it has for some, and right and wrong goes out the window, we have no business maintaining the same form of governance. It is time to get back to teaching right and wrong, because there are such. C. S. Lewis said he used to enjoy making fun of Christians when he was an atheist by saying: How can you say there is a just God in the world when there is so much injustice in the world? And no matter what they would come back with as a response, these Chris-tians, Lewis would say: Yes, yes, that is all well and good, but wouldn’t it be easier just to admit there can’t be a just God in the universe when there is so much injustice? And then one day he finally realized: If there is not some absolute source of right and wrong in the world, justice and injustice, then how could he ever know there is so much injustice in the world? It would be like a man blind from birth being unable to know what light is. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JY7.125 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6109 July 11, 2018 
But there is an absolute source of justice in the world, and that is why, in 1787, in Philadelphia, when our Na-tion’s leaders struggled to come up with a new constitution, that Ben Franklin, who so many teachers across the country wrongly say was a deist, as some do about Washington, said: 
I have lived, sir, a long time, and the longer I live, the more convincing proofs I see of this truth: God governs in the affairs of men, and if a sparrow cannot fall to the ground without His notice, is it possible an empire could rise without His aid? We have been assured, sir, in the Sacred Writing, that unless the Lord build the house, they labor in vain that build it. 
Franklin said: 
I firmly believe this: I also believe without His concurring aid, we shall succeed in our political building no better than the builders of Babel. We will be confounded by our local partial interests and we, ourselves, shall be-come a byword down through the ages. 
He went on to move that they start having prayer to start each of their days at Independence Hall working on the Constitution, just like they did throughout the Revolution. But if you go back and look at the debate, you find the reason that was voted down. They didn’t have anybody who every-body else would agree would do a fair prayer for all the different Christian denominations. So during the Revolution, they hired a chaplain who always did what all the Christian denominations believed was a fair prayer, but as they explained in debate: We are not getting paid. We don’t have a treasury. We can’t hire a chaplain. We can’t do that right now. And so next they moved to Randolph of Virginia, his motion: Okay. Here we are at the end of June. I move that we recess—this is not his exact words, but in essence: 
Let’s recess, reconvene on our Nation’s birthday, Independence Day, at one of the local churches. Let’s worship God together. And after we as a group here have worshiped God together, then let’s come back and try this again. We are not making progress. 
That passed. They went to the Re-formed Calvinistic Church in Philadel-phia. And it must have gone well. You can find prayers that the presiding pas-tor, the Reverend William Rogers, prayed. He brought that group together through prayer by the grace of God, and they came back and gave us the greatest founding document in the his-tory of the world. We have got to get back to where we teach right and wrong. That is why John Adams in 1797, as President of the United States, said: 
This Constitution was meant for a moral and religious people. It is wholly inadequate for the government of any other. 
And he was right. And when you fail to instill those moral understandings that brought C. S. Lewis around from being an atheist to being one of the most effective and greatest apologists for Christianity in its history, we have got to get back to that or the Constitu-tion cannot work, and you will have administrations that commit heinous, reproachable acts as leaders of the Na-tion. We ask that God bless America, but there are certain things a nation of people are supposed to do to be blessed people and merit the blessings of Heav-en, as our Founders often referred to them. Let’s stand up for what is right. Let’s stop the political vindictiveness, and the Nation will be better and be more likely to be blessed. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. f 
SENATE BILL REFERRED A bill of the Senate of the following title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. Con. Res. 41. Concurrent resolution rec-ognizing 100 years of the United States-Aus-tralia relationship—100 years of Mateship; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. f 
BILLS PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on July 10, 2018, she pre-sented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bills: 
H.R. 770. To require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in recognition of American innovation and significant innova-tion and pioneering efforts of individuals or groups from each of the 50 States, the Dis-trict of Columbia, and the United States ter-ritories, to promote the importance of inno-vation in the United States, the District of Columbia, and the United States territories, and for other purposes. H.R. 2061. To reauthorize the North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004, and for other pur-poses. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 7 o’clock and 28 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, July 12, 2018, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
5504. A letter from the Secretary, Division of Economic and Risk Analysis, Securities and Exchange Commission, transmitting Commission’s final rule — Inline XBRL Fil-ing of Tagged Data (RIN: 3235-AL59) received July 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 5505. A letter from the Regulatory Spe-cialist, LRAD, Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC), Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Securities Transaction Settle-ment Cycle [Docket ID: OCC-2017-0013] (RIN: 1557-AE24) received June 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 5506. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of State Plans for Designated Facilities and Pollutants; New Hampshire; Delegation of Authority [EPA-R01-OAR-2018-0069; FRL- 9979-29-Region 1] received June 21, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5507. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; SC; VOC Definition [EPA-R04-OAR-2017-0557; FRL- 9979-92-Region 4] received June 21, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5508. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; South Dakota; Revisions to the Permitting Rules [EPA-R08-OAR-2018-0148; FRL-9979-69-Region 8] received June 21, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5509. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Min-nesota; Regional Haze Progress Report [EPA-R05-OAR-2015-0034; FRL-9980-09-Region 5] received June 21, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5510. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; State of Montana; Revisions to PSD Permitting Rules [EPA-R08-OAR-2018-0136; FRL-9979-76- Region 8] received June 21, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 5511. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Acetochlor; Pesticide Toler-ances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2017-0235; FRL-9976-41] received June 21, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5512. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; AK; Interstate Transport Requirements for the 2010 Nitrogen Dioxide and Sulfur Dioxide Na-tional Ambient Air Quality Standards [EPA- R10-OAR-2016-0590; FRL-9979-87-Region 10] re-ceived June 21, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5513. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Outer Continental Shelf Air Regulations Update to Include New Jersey State Requirements [EPA-R02-OAR-2017-0723; FRL-9977-64-Region 2] received June 21, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 5514. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JY7.127 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6110 July 11, 2018 
Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Oxirane, 2-methyl-, polymer with oxirane, mono[2-[2-(2- methoxymethlethoxy)methylethoxy] methylether] ether; Tolerance Exemption [EPA-HQ-OPP-2018-0071; FRL-9978-08] re-ceived June 21, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5515. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Alaska; Interstate Transport Requirements for the 2012 PM2.5 NAAQS [EPA-R10-OAR-2017-0745; FRL-9980-00-Region 10] received June 21, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 5516. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Iowa; Amendment to the Administrative Consent Order, Grain Processing Corporation, Muscatine, Iowa [EPA-R07-OAR-2017-0143; FRL-9979-97-Region 7] received June 21, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 5517. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Thiencarbazone-methyl; Pesticide Tolerance [EPA-HQ-OPP-2017-0448; FRL-9978-50] received June 21, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5518. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Tolfenpyrad; Pesticide Tol-erances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2017-0156; FRL-9976-21] received June 21, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5519. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Mercury; Reporting Re-quirements for the TSCA Mercury Inventory [EPA-HQ-OPPT-2017-0421; FRL-9979-74] (RIN: 2070-AK22) received June 21, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 5520. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; SC: Mul-tiple Revisions to Air Pollution Control Standards [EPA-R04-OAR-2017-0385; FRL- 9979-80-Region 4] received June 21, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5521. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; SC; Defi-nitions and Open Burning [EPA-R04-OAR- 2017-0387; FRL-9979-78-Region 4] received June 21, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5522. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Fluroxypyr; Pesticide Tol-erances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2017-0225; FRL-9978-70] received June 21, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5523. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Benzovindiflupyr; Pesticide Tolerances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2017-0167; FRL- 9977-94] received June 21, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 5524. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval of Nebraska Air Quality Implementation Plans; Adoption of a New Chapter under the Nebraska Adminis-trative Code [EPA-R07-OAR-2017-0386; FRL- 9979-85-Region 7] received June 21, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5525. A letter from the Sanctions Regula-tions Advisor, Office of Foreign Assets Con-trol, Department of the Treasury, transmit-ting the Department’s final rule — Removal of the Sudanese Sanctions Regulations and Amendment of the Terrorism List Govern-ment Sanctions Regulations received June 28, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5526. A letter from the Sanctions Regula-tions Advisor, Office of Foreign Assets Con-trol, Department of the Treasury, transmit-ting the Department’s final rule — Global Magnitsky Sanctions Regulations received June 28, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 5527. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting DC Act 22-392, ‘‘Public Housing Credit-Building Pilot Program Amendment Act of 2018’’, pur-suant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5528. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting DC Act 22-380, ‘‘Commission on the Arts and Hu-manities Temporary Amendment Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5529. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting DC Act 22-395, ‘‘Green Finance Authority Estab-lishment Act of 2018’’, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5530. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Ocean Dumping; Withdrawal of Designated Disposal Site; Grays Harbor, Washington [EPA-R10-OW- 2018-0284; FRL-9979-31-Region 10] received June 21, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 5531. A letter from the FMCSA Regulatory Ombudsman, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Process for Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Physicians To Be Added to the National Registry of Certified Medical Examiners [Docket No.: FMCSA-2016-0333] (RIN: 2126- AB97) received June 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5532. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s interim final rule — Previously-incurred costs in the WIFIA program [EPA-HQ-OW- 2016-0569; FRL-9979-90-OW] received June 21, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5533. A letter from the Chairman, National Transportation Safety Board, transmitting the Board’s 2017 Annual Report to Congress, pursuant to 49 U.S.C. 1117; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5534. A letter from the Assistant Chief Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s correcting amendments — Hazardous Materials: Miscellaneous Amend-ments; Response to Appeals [Docket No. PHMSA-2013-0225 (HM-218H)] (RIN: 2137-AF27) received June 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5535. A letter from the Director, Office of Regulations and Reports Clearance, Social Security Administration, transmitting the Administration’s Major rule — Rules of Con-duct and Standards of Responsibility for Ap-pointed Representatives [Docket No.: SSA- 2013-0044] (RIN: 0960-AH63) received July 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 5536. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting the Admin-istration’s Fiscal Year 2017 Report, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 3213; Public Law 89-136, Sec. 603 (as added by Public Law 105-393, Sec. 102(a)); (112 Stat. 3614); jointly to the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure and Fi-nancial Services. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. ROYCE of California: Committee on Foreign Affairs. H.R. 5105. A bill to establish the United States International Develop-ment Finance Corporation, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–814). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 989. Resolution pro-viding for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6237) to authorize appropriations for fiscal years 2018 and 2019 for intelligence and intel-ligence-related activities of the United States Government, the Community Man-agement Account, and the Central Intel-ligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, and for other purposes (Rept. 115– 815). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. KNIGHT (for himself and Ms. C
LARKE of New York): H.R. 6330. A bill to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to modify the method for pre-scribing size standards for business concerns; to the Committee on Small Business. By Mr. BISHOP of Utah: H.R. 6331. A bill to allow States to elect to observe daylight savings time for the dura-tion of the year, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. TIPTON (for himself and Ms. S
INEMA ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L11JY7.000 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6111 July 11, 2018 
H.R. 6332. A bill to require the Director of the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network to submit a report to Congress on the way in which data collected pursuant to title 31 is being used, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. CARTER of Georgia (for him-self, Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. G
AETZ , Mr. B ARTON , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. F
LORES , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. W ILSON  of South Carolina, Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. M
ITCHELL , and Mr. P ERRY ): H.R. 6333. A bill to require the Commis-sioner of Internal Revenue to submit a re-port on the Taxpayer Identification Number Perfection Program; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. CA´RDENAS (for himself and Mr. O
LSON ): H.R. 6334. A bill to support coding edu-cation; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. ESTY of Connecticut (for her-self, Mr. C
OURTNEY , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. H
IMES, and Mr. L ARSON of Con-necticut): H.R. 6335. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 322 Main Street in Oakville, Connecticut, as the ‘‘Veterans Memorial Post Office’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Ms. FUDGE (for herself and Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia): H.R. 6336. A bill to require the Secretary of Agriculture to grant farm numbers to indi-viduals with certain documentation, to amend the Consolidated Farm and Rural De-velopment Act to include qualified inter-mediaries as recipients of farm ownership loans, to provide for a study of farmland ten-ure, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture. By Mr. GALLAGHER (for himself, Mr. K
IND, Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. L
ANCE , Mr. C OFFMAN , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. C
OOPER , Mr. L ARSEN of Wash-ington, Mr. B
EYER , and Mr. C URTIS ): H.R. 6337. A bill to amend the Trade Expan-sion Act of 1962 to require Congressional ap-proval before the President adjusts imports that are determined to threaten to impair national security; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. NORMAN: H.R. 6338. A bill to prohibit the use of Fed-eral funds by the National Endowment for the Arts to award a grant for South Dakota State University’s ‘‘Historic Hobo Day’’; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. By Mr. NORMAN: H.R. 6339. A bill to prohibit the use of Fed-eral funds by the Department of Health and Human Services to award a grant for any virtual reality platform designed to teach children in China how to cross the street; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, Education and the Workforce, and Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. ROSEN (for herself, Mr. W
ELCH , and Ms. S
HEA-PORTER ): H.R. 6340. A bill to amend the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act to cap pre-scription drug cost-sharing, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. WALZ (for himself and Mr. PETERSON ): H.R. 6341. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the exten-sion or renewal of certain reasonable cost re-imbursement contracts under the Medicare program through 2020; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY (for herself, Mr. B
EYER , Ms. L EE, Ms. D ELAURO , Mrs. D
INGELL , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. W
ELCH , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. M OORE , Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Ms. M ENG, Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. K
ILDEE , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Mr. K HANNA , Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia, Ms. M ATSUI , Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P
ETERS , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. G ENE G
REEN of Texas, Mr. B RENDAN F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. P
ALLONE , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. F OS-
TER, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. R ASKIN , Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Ms. C LARK  of Massachusetts, Mr. S
CHIFF , Mr. D
EFAZIO, Mr. R USH, Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. M
EEKS , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Ms. E STY of Connecticut, Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. V
EASEY , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. S OTO, Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. S COTT of Vir-ginia, Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. H
IGGINS of New York, Ms. J UDY C
HUof California, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. M
CEACHIN , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. N
OLAN , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. C APUANO , Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. S
ERRANO , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington, and Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois): H. Res. 987. A resolution condemning the Attorney General’s decision in ‘‘Matter of A- B-’’ seeking to declare domestic violence and gang violence as invalid grounds for seeking asylum; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CASTRO of Texas (for himself and Mrs. C
OMSTOCK ): H. Res. 988. A resolution recognizing the importance of diversity in science, tech-nology, engineering, and mathematics, ac-knowledging a necessity to increase diver-sity and representation within physics, and expressing support for the American Phys-ical Society Bridge Program for its work to-ward increasing the number of underrep-resented minorities earning physics doctoral degrees; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Work-force, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana (for him-self, Mr. N
ORMAN , Mr. H ARPER , Mrs. B
LACKBURN , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. M
EADOWS , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. R
OGERS of Alabama, Mr. A
BRAHAM , Mr. J ODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. G
OHMERT , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. S
MITH of Texas, Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana, Mr. C
RAMER , Mr. P
ITTENGER , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mrs. B
LACK , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. R
OKITA , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. M AST, Mr. D
ESANTIS , Mrs. L ESKO , Mr. D UNN, Mr. GIANFORTE , Mr. W ALKER , Mr. G
ARRETT , Ms. T ENNEY , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. R
ENACCI , Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. P
ERRY , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. H UNTER , Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana, Mr. F ERGUSON , Mr. B
UCK, Mr. S MITH of Nebraska, Mr. W
ILLIAMS , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. B IGGS, Mrs. H
ANDEL , Mr. K USTOFF of Tennessee, Ms. M
CSALLY , Mr. R UTHERFORD , Mr. R
OUZER , Mr. R USSELL , and Mr. S
MUCKER ): H. Res. 990. A resolution supporting the of-ficers and personnel who carry out the im-portant mission of the United States Immi-gration and Customs Enforcement; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, Homeland Security, and Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. KNIGHT: H.R. 6330. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. BISHOP of Utah: H.R. 6331. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, which states that Congress has the power ‘‘to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 6332. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution: ‘‘to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ By Mr. CARTER of Georgia: H.R. 6333. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is the power of Congress to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. CA´RDENAS: H.R. 6334. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 1 By Ms. ESTY of Connecticut: H.R. 6335. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 7, ‘‘The Con-gress shall have Power to . . . establish Post Offices and Post Roads . . .’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L11JY7.100 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6112 July 11, 2018 
By Ms. FUDGE: H.R. 6336. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution gives Congress the power ‘‘to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the In-dian tribes.’’ By Mr. GALLAGHER: H.R. 6337. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, subsection 1: ‘‘Con-gress shall have Power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises’’ and Article 1, Section 8, subsection 3: ‘‘To regu-late commerce with foreign nations’’ By Mr. NORMAN: H.R. 6338. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. NORMAN: H.R. 6339. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Ms. ROSEN: H.R. 6340. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 3 and 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. WALZ: H.R. 6341. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitu-tion. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 173: Mr. B ERGMAN . H.R. 184: Mrs. L
ESKO and Mr. K ELLY of Mis- sissippi. H.R. 365: Mr. E
STES of Kansas. H.R. 398: Mr. N
ADLER . H.R. 574: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 712: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 756: Mr. K
INGof New York. H.R. 785: Mr. C
RAMER and Mr. E STES of Kansas. H.R. 795: Mr. M
CEACHIN . H.R. 943: Mr. G
AETZ . H.R. 1080: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 1102: Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD and Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 1150: Mr. K
INZINGER , Mr. Y ODER , and Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1160: Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 1171: Mr. E
MMER . H.R. 1175: Mr. E
STES of Kansas. H.R. 1201: Mr. R
OTHFUS . H.R. 1227: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 1267: Mr. E
STES of Kansas. H.R. 1300: Mr. C
LAYand Mr. L OEBSACK . H.R. 1421: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 1439: Mr. K
INDand Ms. C LARKE of New York. H.R. 1444: Mr. B
OST. H.R. 1606: Mr. M
ARSHALL and Mr. C UELLAR . H.R. 1615: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. C
RIST, Ms. E SHOO , Mr. L AMB, Ms. P INGREE , and Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 1651: Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington, Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, and Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 1697: Mr. N
ORMAN . H.R. 1734: Mr. S
CHNEIDER . H.R. 1876: Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. H.R. 1881: Mr. B
YRNE . H.R. 1898: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 2015: Mr. G
OMEZ , Mr. J OHNSON of Geor- gia, Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. C ARBAJAL , and Mr. S
HERMAN . H.R. 2101: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio and Mr. B
IGGS. H.R. 2276: Mr. R
OTHFUS . H.R. 2293: Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska. H.R. 2306: Ms. E
SHOO . H.R. 2409: Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 2514: Mr. M
CEACHIN , Mr. A GUILAR , and Ms. K
APTUR . H.R. 2556: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 2566: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 2583: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 2648: Mr. U
PTON . H.R. 2856: Mr. G
OHMERT . H.R. 2871: Mr. F
ORTENBERRY . H.R. 2943: Ms. E
STYof Connecticut. H.R. 3000: Mr. G
OHMERT . H.R. 3032: Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-ico, Mr. L
YNCH , and Mr. N OLAN . H.R. 3145: Mr. C
ORREA . H.R. 3330: Mr. H
ARRIS . H.R. 3536: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 3602: Ms. M
OORE , Mr. C RIST, and Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 3692: Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , Mr. K IL-
MER, and Miss G ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 3842: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 3960: Mr. S
HERMAN and Ms. N ORTON . H.R. 3976: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 3988: Mr. B
ARR. H.R. 4022: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 4024: Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 4106: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 4117: Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 4122: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 4184: Mr. B
ACON . H.R. 4251: Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 4253: Mr. H
IGGINS of New York and Mr. L
EVIN. H.R. 4260: Ms. K
APTUR . H.R. 4265: Mr. B
IGGS. H.R. 4312: Mr. P
OSEY . H.R. 4413: Mr. G
OHMERT . H.R. 4444: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California and Ms. S
PEIER . H.R. 4549: Mr. G
OHMERT . H.R. 4556: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 4610: Mr. S
MUCKER . H.R. 4616: Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska. H.R. 4649: Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 4886: Mr. E
STES of Kansas and Mr. K
INZINGER . H.R. 4898: Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 4944: Mr. K
ENNEDY . H.R. 4952: Mr. G
UTHRIE . H.R. 4962: Mr. B
ABIN. H.R. 4969: Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina. H.R. 5001: Mr. C
A´RDENAS and Mr. C ICILLINE . H.R. 5011: Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER . H.R. 5034: Ms. S
A´NCHEZ and Mr. M EEKS . H.R. 5061: Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 5090: Ms. S
PEIER . H.R. 5105: Mr. H
ECK. H.R. 5107: Mr. R
OTHFUS , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. H
ULTGREN , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. P ITTENGER , and Mr. A
RRINGTON . H.R. 5108: Mr. C
LEAVER , Ms. E SHOO , and Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 5116: Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 5138: Mr. E
STES of Kansas. H.R. 5153: Mr. C
RAMER and Mrs. B LACK -
BURN . H.R. 5160: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 5171: Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 5223: Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland. H.R. 5238: Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. E VANS , Mr. A L G
REEN of Texas, Mr. V EASEY , Ms. J ACKSON  LEE, Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. C LEAVER , Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California, Mr. J OHNSON  of Georgia, Mr. L
AWSON of Florida, Mrs. D
EMINGS , Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER , Ms. K ELLY  of Illinois, Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia, Mr. C LAY, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. W IL-
SON of Florida, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. B ASS, Mr. R
ICHMOND , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. P
LASKETT , Mrs. B EATTY , Ms. S EWELL of Ala- bama, and Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 5266: Mr. M
EEKS and Mr. D UFFY . H.R. 5281: Mr. A
MASH . H.R. 5288: Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 5292: Mr. S
CHNEIDER . H.R. 5300: Mr. W
ESTERMAN . H.R. 5339: Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 5343: Mr. M
CKINLEY . H.R. 5354: Mr. H
UNTER . H.R. 5374: Mr. S
CHNEIDER . H.R. 5413: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 5508: Ms. S
PEIER , Mr. G OTTHEIMER , and Mr. K
INGof Iowa. H.R. 5533: Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. S AR-
BANES , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. R
USH, Ms. D EGETTE , and Mr. S HERMAN . H.R. 5538: Mr. C
OFFMAN and Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 5571: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 5573: Ms. K
APTUR . H.R. 5576: Mr. S
CHNEIDER . H.R. 5588: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 5595: Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 5598: Mr. B
UCSHON . H.R. 5618: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York and Mr. D
IAZ-BALART . H.R. 5649: Ms. E
STYof Connecticut. H.R. 5671: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California, Ms. K
APTUR , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. R
OTHFUS , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. F
LEISCHMANN , and Mr. S HUSTER . H.R. 5697: Mr. G
ALLEGO . H.R. 5701: Ms. E
STYof Connecticut. H.R. 5771: Mr. B
ARR. H.R. 5849: Ms. K
APTUR . H.R. 5863: Ms. S
PEIER . H.R. 5882: Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 5922: Mr. C
OFFMAN and Mr. S UOZZI . H.R. 5924: Mr. R
OTHFUS . H.R. 5938: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 5942: Mr. F
OSTER and Ms. S PEIER . H.R. 5988: Mr. R
OKITA , Mr. R OTHFUS , and Mr. R
ENACCI . H.R. 6010: Mrs. H
ARTZLER and Mr. G OH-
MERT . H.R. 6014: Ms. T
ITUS. H.R. 6016: Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. N OLAN , Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , and Mrs. L AWRENCE . H.R. 6018: Mr. P
ERRY and Mrs. W AGNER . H.R. 6048: Mr. D
ESAULNIER and Ms. N OR-
TON. H.R. 6086: Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 6108: Mr. S
COTT of Virginia. H.R. 6131: Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. G
RIJALVA , and Ms. N ORTON . H.R. 6143: Mr. L
EVIN, Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. R ASKIN , and Mr. G
ARAMENDI . H.R. 6144: Mr. L
EVIN, Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. R ASKIN , and Mr. G
ARAMENDI . H.R. 6159: Mr. B
ABIN. H.R. 6178: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa, Mr. T HOMP -
SONof Pennsylvania, and Mr. T IPTON . H.R. 6180: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 6216: Mr. B
UCKand Mr. P OLIS. H.R. 6217: Mr. B
UCKand Mr. P OLIS. H.R. 6236: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 6260: Mr. P
ALLONE . H.R. 6261: Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 6287: Mr. D
ONOVAN . H.R. 6312: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 6313: Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 6314: Mr. R
OKITA . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JY7.041 H11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6113 July 11, 2018 
H.J. Res. 48: Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD . H.J. Res. 135: Mr. E
VANS . H. Con. Res. 61: Mr. H
OLDING . H. Con. Res. 72: Mr. S
WALWELL of Cali- fornia. H. Res. 202: Mr. W
ENSTRUP and Mr. H IMES. H. Res. 220: Mr. K
INGof New York. H. Res. 256: Mr. C
OSTA . H. Res. 395: Mrs. L
OWEY . H. Res. 750: Mr. R
ASKIN . H. Res. 785: Mr. ROTHFUS and Mr. P ALMER . H. Res. 826: Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah, Mr. B ACON , and Mr. L
ATTA . H. Res. 864: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ and Mr. L IPIN-
SKI. H. Res. 910: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK and Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY . H. Res. 919: Mr. F
LORES and Mr. F RANCIS  R
OONEY of Florida. H. Res. 943: Mr. H
UFFMAN . H. Res. 966: Mr. WEBER of Texas. H. Res. 967: Mr. C
OOKand Mr. B YRNE . H. Res. 975: Mr. K
IND. H. Res. 982: Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. S
CHRADER , Mr. R USH, Mr. T ONKO , Ms. E
SHOO , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. C ASTOR of Flor- ida, Mr. R
UIZ, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. L
OEBSACK , and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JY7.027 H11JYPT1
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S4881 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, JULY 11, 2018 No. 116 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable T
OM C
OTTON , a Senator from the State of Arkansas. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. O God, most holy, wise, and powerful, You are the Governor of the Universe. Keep our lawmakers this day in health of body, soundness of mind, and purity of heart. Infuse them with a spirit of courage that comes from believing that their times are in Your hands. Lord, strengthen them to labor for the fulfill-ment of Your purposes, empowered by You to navigate through life’s turbu-lent waters. Direct them through every difficulty, comfort them in times of sorrow, and supply their needs accord-ing to the riches of Your grace. We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The senior assistant legislative clerk read the following letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, July 11, 2018. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable T
OMCOTTON , a Sen-ator from the State of Arkansas, to perform the duties of the Chair. ORRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. COTTON thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will proceed to executive ses-sion and resume consideration of the following nomination, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Brian Allen Benczkowski, of Virginia, to be an As-sistant Attorney General. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER  
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
NOMINATION OF BRETT KAVANAUGH  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, yes-terday I had an opportunity to meet with Judge Brett Kavanaugh as we begin preparations for his confirmation process to the Supreme Court. It is really impossible not to come away im-pressed. Judge Kavanaugh is the real deal. He has the all-star legal resume and the top-light academic credentials. His extensive judicial record is defined by fairness, thoughtfulness, thorough-ness, and analytical precision. I was al-ready confident the President had made an outstanding choice. Now I am even more confident. My colleagues here and Americans around the coun-try won’t have to take my word for it; just look to one of Judge Kavanaugh’s former professors at Yale Law School. Here is what Professor Akhil Amar wrote in the New York Times: ‘‘It is hard to name anyone with judicial cre-dentials as strong as those of Judge Kavanaugh.’’ Current faculty at Yale Law de-scribed him as a ‘‘true intellectual,’’ ‘‘a leading thinker,’’ and ‘‘a wonderful mentor and teacher to our students.’’ Even at Harvard, his alma mater’s archrival, a scholar agrees that Judge Kavanaugh is ‘‘a generous, honorable, kind person.’’ Ask the legal professionals who have clerked for him on the DC Circuit. They are in a better position than most to speak to his writing as a jurist. In a letter to our colleagues on the Judici-ary Committee, 34 of them share that Judge Kavanaugh ‘‘drafts opinions painstakingly, writing and rewriting until he is satisfied each opinion is clear and well-reasoned, and can be un-derstood not only by lawyers but by the parties and the public.’’ As the confirmation process gets un-derway, I have a distinct feeling this isn’t the only testimony of this sort that we will be hearing. Judge Kavanaugh seems to impress everyone with whom he crosses paths—at least those who haven’t blindly announced in a fit of partisanship their opposition to this nomination before he was even named. I am glad that President Trump has made such a strong selection, and I look forward to our colleagues in the Judiciary Committee taking up this nomination. Mr. President, speaking of the per-sonnel business, we are continuing this week to process President Trump’s qualified nominees for other important positions in the judicial and executive branches. Yesterday, we confirmed the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Jul 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JY6.000 S11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4882 July 11, 2018 
22nd circuit court judge since January of 2017. Now we are considering Brian Benczkowski, the President’s choice to serve as Assistant Attorney General for the Criminal Division at the De-partment of Justice. His resume in-cludes distinguished service in five dif-ferent leadership positions at the De-partment of Justice under three Attor-neys General. His nomination has won praise from a number of former Justice Department officials who served under Presidents of both parties. Their letter describes this nominee as ‘‘a tireless worker . . . a fine leader and colleague . . . honest and a straight shooter.’’ I look forward to voting to confirm him later today and to continuing to con-firm more of the President’s team. 
JOB GROWTH  
Mr. President, on one final matter, last week, the Labor Department re-leased its monthly jobs report. As has become a pattern, it contained good news about the state of job opportuni-ties across our country. In June alone, our economy created 213,000 new jobs, with contributions from nearly every sector. That continues a prolonged streak of strong jobs performance month after month, quarter after quar-ter. The pro-growth, pro-jobs policies of this united Republican government— from historic tax relief to sweeping regulatory reform—are helping unleash this wave of new opportunity and new prosperity for America’s workers and middle-class families. More than 600,000 Americans entered the workforce last month alone—an-other sign that the Obama-era stagna-tion continues to lose its grip on our communities. The rate of hiring reached its highest level in more than a decade. Here is another promising sign: the rate at which Americans are quitting their jobs voluntarily. Econo-mists tell us this is an important sign of a healthy job market because it indi-cates workers are moving upward, seeking better pay or superior benefits at a different employer. That number just hit its highest level in more than 17 years. More jobs; more opportunities; more Americans coming off of the sidelines and getting back into the workforce; more Americans moving up the ladder to bigger and better things and opening up their current positions for other jobseekers at the same time—helping to produce conditions like these is what Republicans had in mind when we chipped away at the regulatory rust that kept American job creators from doing what they do best. That is what we had in mind when we used the Con-gressional Review Act a record 16 times to relieve bureaucratic bloat that had forced job creators and entrepreneurs to cut back or close up shop. That is what we had in mind when we over-hauled our Tax Code so it better re-wards workers and more strongly en-courages job creators to deepen their roots in American soil. Republicans are proud of this thriving job market, and we are proud that our policies are play-ing a part in making it happen. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The assistant Democratic leader. THAI RESCUE MISSION  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, the world breathed a sigh of relief. For al-most 2 weeks now, we have had our at-tention focused on 12 children, Thai soccer team players who were lured into a cave with their coach and were thought to be lost for days. They couldn’t be found in that flooded cave. Then came the good news that they were discovered. They were still alive. It was a miracle. Then came an extraordinary chal-lenge: how to safely bring these 12 chil-dren out of this trap they were in and bring them to safety. I cannot imagine the effort that was undertaken. It in-cluded countries from around the world and the United States coming together to provide extraordinary levels of as-sistance at great cost to save the lives of these 12 children, to bring them out of this trap they were in and reunite them with their families. All the prayers and all the hard work, all the bravery and all the in-vestment paid off. These children are safe, as is their coach. They are cur-rently being tended to for medical care, but the day will soon come when they will be back in the warm embrace of their families. It was a great illustration of the car-ing heart of people around the world for children they had never seen; chil-dren who, through no fault of their own, found themselves in a deadly cir-cumstance; children separated from their families with no hope when it came to their future. People responded. It was a great moment for the world to reflect on those children. 
FAMILY SEPARATION  
Mr. President, I wish to reflect on some other children. I wish to reflect on the 3,000 children forcibly removed from their parents’ arms at the borders of the United States of America over the last several months. These children were victims of the zero tolerance pol-icy of the Trump administration—a policy which Attorney General Ses-sions announced that resulted in those who appeared at the border, whether or not they were there for legitimate claims of asylum, being treated as criminals, and, treated as criminals, their children were removed from them. I met with some of those children. It was 2 weeks ago in Chicago. It was at one of the agencies that the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services has used for decades to provide safe care for children who are unaccom-panied at our border. Historically, those children came to the borders of United States without an adult, but in this circumstance, there were 66 chil-dren in Chicago who fit a different defi-nition. While at the border, they were actually removed by the U.S. Govern-ment from the arms of their parents. Of the 66 children in the Chicago facil-ity, 22—one-third of them—were under the age of 5. It is an important fact to keep in mind as we consider what has happened. I come to the floor to speak about the Trump administration’s shameful policy of forcibly removing innocent children from their parents. Since our Nation’s tragic failure during World War II to rescue Jewish refugees who fled Hitler, generations of Americans and leaders of both political parties— Republicans and Democrats—have tried to set an example for the world by providing safe haven to the world’s most vulnerable people. Ask the Cuban Americans which country opened its doors for them when they tried to escape the com-munism of Fidel Castro. It was the United States of America, and we are better for it. Three Members of the U.S. Senate are Cuban Americans who can trace their lineages to that refugee flow from the island to our shores. Ask the Soviet Jews, who were per-secuted under Soviet rule and who fi-nally found freedom of religion and op-portunity here in the United States, whether the U.S. refugee policy was good for them. Of course, it was, and it was good for America. Ask those who came out of Vietnam, who stood by our side during that bloody war and came to this country as refugees to escape persecution, whether that was the right choice for them. It was, and it was the right choice for America, most certainly. Now we face the worst refugee crisis in history, and what is the United States of America’s official policy? The Trump administration is doing every-thing in its power to prevent innocent victims of war and terrorism from even seeking safe haven in our country. The Northern Triangle countries of Honduras, El Salvador, and Guatemala are the sources of the vast majority of migrants who arrive at our southern border. These people are driven to our borders by horrific gang and sexual vio-lence. What is at the root cause of that violence? It is the appetite for nar-cotics in the United States. It is the drug money that flows south from our border into Mexico and Central Amer-ica. It is the firearms that flow by the thousands into South and Central America from the United States of America. This creates these gangs and creates these cartels that bring such violence on local people. These countries have among the highest homicide rates in the world. Girls face a constant threat of sexual violence and rape and have little pro-tection from local authorities. Is it any wonder that in desperation so many of them seek our shores and seek our country for the safety of their kids? This is why families are taking ex-traordinary risks to flee to our border. Any parent would do the same to save a child. What has been the Trump adminis-tration’s response to these families 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JY6.002 S11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4883 July 11, 2018 
who flee for their lives and to the mothers and fathers who try to protect their girls from sexual violence and rape? On April 6, Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced that the Trump ad-ministration had adopted a new zero tolerance approach in prosecuting bor-der cases, making family separation the official policy of the United States of America. It declares that all who present themselves at our borders, even those who legitimately seek asylum, are to be treated as criminals. The goal is clear. White House Chief of Staff John Kelly said that sepa-rating families is a ‘‘tough deterrent’’ to parents who flee persecution. Kelly also dismissed any concerns because ‘‘the children will be taken care of— put into foster care or whatever.’’ Under this harsh and harmful policy, thousands of children have been forc-ibly removed from their parents by our government. They have been trans-ferred to facilities all over the country, often thousands of miles away from their parents. The American Academy of Pediatrics and the American Med-ical Association have condemned this Trump policy. In the starkest terms, the President of the American Acad-emy of Pediatrics has called it ‘‘gov-ernment-sanctioned child abuse.’’ Two weeks ago, on June 26, a Federal court in California mercifully stepped in. Judge Dana Sabraw was appointed to the Federal bench by Republican President George W. Bush. Judge Sabraw held that these family separa-tions result in ‘‘irreparable harm.’’ He ordered the children who were sepa-rated by the Trump administration under the zero tolerance policy be re-turned to their parents within 30 days and within 14 days for those kids who were under the age of 5. The Trump administration has tried to paint a rosy picture of the situation. On June 26, Health and Human Serv-ices Secretary Alex Azar testified to the Senate Committee on Finance: ‘‘Every parent has access to know where their child is.’’ Secretary Azar said: ‘‘There is no reason why any par-ent would not know where their child is located.’’ He also claimed that HHS had 2,047 separated children in custody. Last Thursday, Secretary Azar admit-ted that, actually, ‘‘up to 3,000‘‘ sepa-rated kids are still in its custody. As has been documented in numerous heartbreaking reports, many parents of the separated kids still do not know where their children are, and their at-tempts to contact them have been un-successful. Yesterday was the deadline imposed by Judge Sabraw for reuniting children under the age of 5. What did we learn? The Trump administration notified the court that it had identified 102 sepa-rated children under the age of 5 and that only 4 of those 102 children would be reunited before the deadline. The administration only has concrete plans to reunite about half of these 100 chil-dren. It has made no effort to contact 12 parents whom the government de-ported, and it can’t even identify the parents of one toddler. We still don’t know the fate of thousands of other children who are supposed to be re-united in just a few days. This is an outrage. This is a toxic mix of cruelty and incompetence. The Trump administration continues to try to shift the blame for this humani-tarian crisis to Congress and the courts, but Judge Sabraw said that this is a ‘‘chaotic circumstance of the gov-ernment’s own making.’’ He went on to say yesterday, as reported in the New York Times, that these are firm dead-lines and not aspirational goals—ad-monishing the government. In another Federal courtroom, the administration’s real plan was made clear. Because of the backlash from the courts and the public, it is no longer separating families. Instead, this ad-ministration wants to jail these fami-lies indefinitely. Experts tell us that separation is child abuse, that jail is no place for children, and that even short- term detention can do permanent dam-age to a child’s health and well-being. The administration asked the Fed-eral district court to set aside the Flo-res settlement—a legally binding agreement to protect the best interests of kids that has been in place for over two decades. On Monday, the Federal court rejected the Trump administra-tion’s request, saying it was ‘‘wholly without merit.’’ According to media re-ports, the Trump administration plans to appeal, and it is asking Congress to pass legislation to overturn the Flores agreement. Instead of putting social workers to work in reuniting families and children, the Trump administra-tion wants to lawyer up so that it can be spared from the standards that Democratic and Republican adminis-trations have faced in the humane treatment of children. The Trump administration’s goal is clear. In the midst of the world’s worst refugee crisis, it wants to make the sit-uation for families who flee persecu-tion as painful as possible in order to deter them from seeking safe haven. Let me be clear. This Senator will do everything in his power to stop legisla-tion that would authorize the Trump administration to put migrant children in jail. It is immoral. It is shameful. It is un-American. I call on my col-leagues—Republicans and Democrats— to join me in opposing the Trump ad-ministration’s cruel immigration pol-icy. I yield the floor. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Democratic leader is recog-nized. 
THANKING THE SENATOR FROM ILLINOIS  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, let me first thank my friend and colleague from Illinois. He is a lamp of light in this horrible moment when children are being separated from their parents, when we don’t even know where they are, and when we don’t even know who their parents are. He is showing the in-humanity and the incompetence of this administration rolled into one. He has been a constant and vigilant voice to reunite the families and bring some justice, some peace, some calm to these poor kids. So I thank him for the work he has done. NOMINATION OF BRETT KAVANAUGH  
Mr. President, President Trump’s nomination of Judge Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court will bring up many issues. The next Justice on the Su-preme Court will have an ability to im-pact labor rights, women’s reproduc-tive rights, LGBTQ rights, voting rights, civil rights, environmental rights, and so much more for genera-tions to come. We need to know how Judge Kavanaugh views those issues. On the issue of a woman’s freedom to make her own health decisions, for ex-ample, yesterday, while shepherding Judge Kavanaugh around the Capitol, Vice President P
ENCE said that he wanted to see Roe v. Wade overturned. This isn’t some ancient belief that the country has pushed aside. There are people in high parts of the govern-ment—the Vice President yesterday, the President constantly, and some others—who want to repeal Roe v. Wade tomorrow. Americans should not be complacent. The vast majority of Americans wants to see Roe in place, but there is an active movement here now, personified by Judge Kavanaugh’s potential elevation to the Bench—I hope it doesn’t happen—and we have to be vigilant. Vice President P
ENCE ’s remarks that he wants Roe overturned was a pre-scient reminder that both the Presi-dent and Vice President have explicitly promised to appoint ‘‘strict constitu-tionalists to the Supreme Court’’ who would ‘‘consign Roe v. Wade to the ash heap of history.’’ Those are the Vice President’s words. Judge Kavanaugh has also written some troubling things about environ-mental protections, consumer protec-tions, commonsense gun safety laws, all of which should be carefully exam-ined by this Senate and by the Amer-ican people before we have any hear-ings. His history as a Republican par-tisan lawyer during the Clinton and Bush eras—documents, emails, writings—needs to be thoroughly ex-amined, particularly his more recent writings about executive authority. Judge Kavanaugh argued that a President should not be subject to an investigation while he is in office, that a President should be above criminal and civil indictments, even going so far as to say that a President need not en-force a law that the President deems unconstitutional. Those are serious and dangerous be-liefs. They are particularly dan-gerous—maybe even more dangerous now—because we have a President who clearly wishes to aggregate all power to himself regardless of the separation of powers, regardless of the norms this country has had for centuries, regard-less of the rule of law. Senators from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Jul 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JY6.003 S11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4884 July 11, 2018 
both parties need to scrutinize what Judge Kavanaugh has said because, if he is the swing vote on any kind of ra-tional check on this President, I worry. We should all worry. Conservatism has always believed in small aggregations of power so that the individual would have more freedom. That is the core of conservatism. Yet, when conservatives embrace Donald Trump, who wishes to aggregate power and roll over any checks to his power and now chooses to get behind Judge Kavanaugh, who seems to have an al-most monarchical view of Presidential power, we have trouble. We had better be awfully careful here in this country. The Senate is going to have to look at each and every one of these issues in due time. Today, however, I want to focus on the issue that might have the most profound consequences for the average American most immediately— healthcare and the protections for Americans who have preexisting condi-tions. In a few minutes, I will be joined by some of my colleagues over in the Mansfield Room to discuss this issue at length. Right now, though, here is what I would like to say. Prior to Judge Kavanaugh’s selec-tion, President Trump promised to nominate a judge who ‘‘would do the right thing, unlike Judge Roberts on health care.’’ Those are Trump’s words. He commissioned a list of judges from the Heritage Foundation—a far- right special interest group that is dedicated to dismantling government, including and especially the healthcare law. It is the place where the govern-ment spends a lot of money. These rich people who are behind the Heritage Foundation—the Kochs and others— don’t want to pay any taxes. Those poor folks. They are struggling. Where do more taxes go than any other place? They go to healthcare. Why? Because that is what the American people want. Who wouldn’t give everything they have if their spouse, their children, their relatives were sick and needed a lot of money to be cured? That is why we have insurance, and that is why we have the government involved with things like Social Secu-rity and Medicare and Medicaid, but the Heritage Foundation—a handful of rich people who fund them and the so many Republicans who dance to their tune—don’t want that. They hide it from the American people because the American people don’t agree with it, but they don’t want it. They have pushed forward Judge Kavanaugh to be the torchbearer on the Court for their mission. The list of 25 that President Trump selected from was vetted and approved by this very Heritage Foundation. The Heritage Foundation would not give its stamp of approval to anyone who would maintain or grow our healthcare law, particularly protections for Americans with preexisting conditions. The American people deserve to know where Judge Kavanaugh stands. This is a serious issue. This is not something we can allow a nominee to hide behind and say: I will follow exist-ing law. We need to know their view of the government’s ability to be involved in people’s healthcare; to help it be funded when the average person can’t afford it, given how high the costs are. Right now, several cases that chal-lenge the structure and constitu-tionality of the law are wending through our courts. If one or many reach the Supreme Court, I will say to my fellow Americans, your right to be protected if, God forbid, someone in your family is sick is at risk. Your right to have an insurance company not cut you off if, God forbid, someone in your family is sick is at risk if Judge Kavanaugh ascends to the Bench. That is probably the No. 1 rea-son he is opposed by so many of us on this side of the aisle. Can you imagine a Supreme Court thrusting us back to a time when you could be denied health insurance pre-cisely because you needed it so des-perately, to a time when a mother with a child who has cancer is made to watch her daughter suffer in agony be-cause they can’t get affordable healthcare because no insurer will in-sure someone who has a child with can-cer in their family? Do we want to go back to that? Come on. This is not Democrat or Republican; this is what America believes in. The hard right, through subterfuge and, to their credit, long-term diligence, is getting these people on the Court. They could never pass such a law in the Congress, the elected body of the people, even with the Republican majorities, but the Court, the unelected branch, is where they are headed, and that is why we have to be so vigilant. Up to 130 million nonelderly Ameri-cans have a preexisting condition— more than one-third of Americans. For insurance companies, it used to be the case that a condition as commonplace as asthma was justification for jacking up rates to unaffordable levels. The law we wrote to prevent those despicable abuses by insurance companies is po-tentially on the chopping block, in my view, and likely to go if Judge Kavanaugh becomes Justice Kavanaugh. How can we afford that? The American people should have their eyes wide open to the stakes. The Supreme Court may very well hear a challenge to the legal protections for people with preexisting conditions, and President Trump’s own Justice Depart-ment is currently arguing in court that those protections are unconstitutional. I would like President Trump, at one of his rallies, to tell the people at the rally he is for taking away their pro-tections when they have someone with a preexisting condition in their family. He wouldn’t dare, but that is what his legal departments in HHS and Justice are doing. The President doesn’t tell people what he is doing. He brings these hard- right people in and says: I am with you. He whispers: I am with you. He doesn’t dare tell the American people. That is why it is our job in the mi-nority, since the Republican side, by and large, has shown so little spine on this issue—it is our job to let the American people know the peril they are in, that their healthcare is in. If anyone doesn’t believe that Presi-dent Trump is still intent on tearing down our healthcare system, just look at what the administration did yester-day. The President decimated funding that helps people sign up for health in-surance, cutting it to one-sixth of what it was 2 years ago. This funding is used to help people navigate the complex landscape of health insurance and se-lect the plan or program that is right for their family. Even worse, of the lit-tle funding that remains, Trump man-dated that it be used to direct people into his junk insurance plans that don’t cover basic essential healthcare. Yesterday’s news should remind us that President Trump remains ruth-lessly committed to tearing down our healthcare system. He will not admit it at his rallies. He does not dare talk about it, but that probably is the most important thing he is doing in terms of effect on the American people, and we are not going to let him hide it. Any-one who thinks President Trump did not make this Supreme Court nomina-tion without an end goal of furthering healthcare sabotage is kidding them-selves. So while there are many rights and freedoms at stake on the Supreme Court, the right of all Americans to be able to afford healthcare is at the very top of the list. The selection process for Judge Kavanaugh and President Trump’s own words should motivate Americans from all corners of the country to contact their Senators and urge them to oppose this nominee. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
CALLING FOR THE RELEASE OF PASTOR ANDREW  
BRUNSON  
Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I come here in fulfillment of a promise that I made a couple of months ago to bring to the attention of the American peo-ple an injustice that is occurring in Turkey. I am here to talk about an American pastor, Andrew Brunson. He is from a church. He is from western North Caro-lina. He spent 20 years in Turkey as a missionary. He started out just doing missionary work without a church. Then he built a very small church that maybe can house 100 people, in Izmir. After the coup in 2016, Pastor Brunson was apprehended, and he has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Jul 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JY6.004 S11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4885 July 11, 2018 
been in prison ever since. He was im-prisoned for almost 19 months without any charges. For the vast majority of that time, he was in a cell designed for 8 people that had 21 in it, without charges. Earlier this year there were charges levied against him that are just absolutely absurd. I know from firsthand experience. After the indictment was issued, I heard through channels and through his wife Norine that Pastor Brunson was afraid that the American people were going to read this indictment, be-lieve it, and turn their backs on him. So it was important for me to go to Turkey and let him know that is the last thing we are going to do and that I was going to bring this to the Amer-ican people’s attention until he was re-leased. I went back about a month later. I sat through a court proceeding in a Turkish courtroom for about 12 hours, and I heard some of the most absurd claims you can possibly imagine. They were charges that would not keep an American citizen or a foreign national in an American jail for the afternoon. Yet they have kept him in prison for 642 days. This afternoon I am going to be trav-eling to Brussels to be a part of the NATO meeting that we have. I am going to seek to speak once again with the Turkish officials to tell them that justice needs to be served. Pastor Brunson needs to come home. Pastor Brunson has a court date next week. It could be the last hearing, and he could be subject to a 35-year sen-tence. He is a little over 50 years old. So that is effectively a life sentence. The charges are basically this. He has been a missionary. He has been providing humanitarian relief to Syr-ian refugees, to the Turkish people, and actually just offering and preach-ing the Word to those who want to hear it. So I ask President Erdogan and the Turkish officials to please let justice be served. Let Andrew Brunson come home. The last thing we are working on— and I hope it no longer has to be a pro-vision in the NDAA—is that if he doesn’t get released, we have to rethink our relationship with this NATO ally that has been in the NATO alliance since 1952. We have to ask our-selves about ramifications if a NATO ally will hold people illegally, imprison them, sweep them up—in a legitimate effort to tamp down an illegal coup— and hold this man hostage. I hope I come to the floor in a couple of weeks thanking the Turkish Govern-ment, the Turkish people, and the Turkish judiciary for having justice served. The only way I believe justice will be served is when Andrew Brunson comes home. Until he does, I will come back here every week to continue to bring attention to this issue. It should be important to every American. If any American is traveling to Tur-key, right now I am not sure I would because you could have a meal, you could have a light on for a couple of hours in your hotel room. These are the types of charges that have been used as a basis for saying that this man was conspiring to plot a coup and was conspiring to support terrorist organi-zations—eating a meal that looks like a meal that certain terrorist organiza-tions like, which, incidentally, is a very popular meal in the Middle East; having a light on upstairs, in a room, incidentally, that doesn’t have win-dows that some secret witness said could only be on because they were plotting some nefarious activity. I thank the Members of this body— some 70 Members—who signed on to a letter expressing their concern with his illegal detention. I promise Pastor Brunson and I promise any American citizen and some of those Turkish citi-zens who work with the State Depart-ment that as long as I am a Senator, I will be bringing attention to this injus-tice until justice is served. 
IMMIGRATION AND CUSTOMS ENFORCEMENT  
Mr. President, I wish to very quickly bring attention to something about which I think people need to speak up on the other side of the issue; that is, this movement now called End ICE, or Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment. We have a gubernatorial candidate in New York who said ICE is a terrorist organization—not ISIS, which is a ter-rorist organization, but ICE. These men and women in uniform go out every day and put their lives on the line to protect the American people. Let me tell my colleagues what peo-ple who are part of the End ICE move-ment are for. This chart represents what they are for if they are for ending ICE. These are 2017 numbers. They are for ending the arrest of some 143,000 people who have broken our laws. They are for ending the seizure of tons of fentanyl. I will give you an idea of what that means in terms of potential risk of human life. You are talking about gangs—some 5,000 gang members who were arrested last year because they were clearly related to gang activity, with MS–13 being one of the first among them. They are for ending all of our protections and having all of these activities go unchallenged on Amer-ican soil. If you are for ending ICE, you are for ending almost 7,000 pounds of heroin seized, and that is only a fraction of what these criminal elements are bringing to this country. If Members come to this floor and talk about fighting the opioid epi-demic, I can’t imagine anyone who is sincere about fighting the opioid epi-demic saying that they want more poi-son on the streets. You can’t have it both ways. You are either for solving the problem of the opioid epidemic, which means that we have to have law enforcement to specialize in seizing it, or you are against it. You are for poi-soning our youth. You are for poi-soning people who are addicted to opioids. You can’t have it both ways. If you want to end ICE, you are for this. If you want to end ICE, you are for people who have tattoos that clearly indicate that they are part of a gang on the streets. We have gangs that, actu-ally, as a part of getting initiated, want you to kill or harm somebody to prove that you will when you are asked to. If you want to end ICE, you are for more of these folks on the streets— some 4,800 of them. Again, if you want to end ICE, then you want to end the careers of people who have such a dangerous job that, of-tentimes, when they do drug seizures, they have to wear HAZMAT suits be-cause if they touch the fentanyl, they could die or go into an overdose. If you want to end ICE, you want that poison to be in the hands of a child or some-one else who, if they touch it, is going to die or have a profound overdose. That is what ending ICE means. Just to sum up, if you want to end ICE, you want that seizure of a ton of fentanyl coming across our border, mainly from Mexico, that has enough potency to kill 500 million people. Now, I honestly believe that nobody in this body really means that they want to end ICE, that they want to cause human traffickers, gun traf-fickers, drug traffickers—more of them. But you can’t have it both ways. If you want to go on the stump and say you want to end ICE, then add this to your stump speech. Add this to the log-ical consequence of what happens when you insult the men and women in uni-form in ICE and you say you want to end what they are doing, because if you do, the negative consequences are clear. All you have to do is look at what ICE has done over the last year, and what they would not do this year, if you really believe what they say about ending ICE. So I think they need to ice the ‘‘end ICE’’ narrative and start getting smart about making sure that we maybe make changes that we need to in any organization. But for people to go to such an extreme, to say that they want to end one of the most important law enforcement agencies combating ille-gal immigration and illegal trafficking across our border, you had better be honest on the stump. You had better let them know what you mean because that is what they mean. I think it is important for our Mem-bers to step up and let people know the consequences of this ridiculous rhet-oric and to show the men and women in uniform—police officers, ICE agents, and everybody else—that people like me care about them. People like me re-spect them for what they do. We know that their assaults were up by three times last year. It is a dan-gerous job. Many of them don’t even know if they are going to come home when they leave in the morning. It is an insult for anybody in this body to come into this Chamber and say that they need to be ended. They 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Jul 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JY6.006 S11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4886 July 11, 2018 
need to be thanked. They need to be re-vered. Agencies always need to be im-proved, but if you believe we should end ICE, you had better own the con-sequences. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, today the Senate is considering one of the most troubling executive branch nomina-tions that this President has made to date—the nomination of Brian Benczkowski to lead the Criminal Divi-sion of the Justice Department. For years, I have studied and have been aware of the Criminal Division. This is an amazing nomination. I think it is enough to oppose Mr. Benczkowski’s nomination because he is objectively unqualified for this im-portant position, but there are also compelling reasons to believe that it would be uniquely reckless to confirm him to this position. Now, speaking about Mr. Benczkowski’s lack of qualifications for this role is not meant to denigrate. Many of us know him, as I did, from his service in the Judiciary Committee as the staff director for the then Ranking Member Jeff Sessions. The fact is, this nominee to head the Criminal Division has virtually no criminal law experi-ence. Even at this age, he has never tried a case. He has never served as a prosecutor. He has almost zero court-room experience. Instead, his experi-ence has been to serve as a political aide to various officials. As a former prosecutor, I know there is no substitute for actual courtroom experience, actually going into a court-room and trying a criminal case, argu-ing criminal cases on appeal, deter-mining whether you bring a charge or don’t bring a charge. These are things an experienced prosecutor has to do. For the last several decades, under Re-publican and Democratic administra-tions, every head of a criminal divi-sion—which is probably the most im-portant litigating arm of the Justice Department—has had substantial pros-ecutorial experience, with the excep-tion of one individual whose nomina-tion I simply could not support. This shouldn’t be a partisan issue. I voted for nominees in Republican adminis-trations and in Democratic administra-tions because they were qualified, and there are countless qualified prosecu-tors the President could select. For this reason alone, the Senate should not consent to Mr. Benczkowski’s nomination. But there are two other reasons, aside from the fact that he has absolutely zero quali-fications for this important position. It is sort of like sending somebody in to do brain surgery when their main expe-rience has been clipping hedges. You have to have some experience in there, but aside from the fact that he has no experience, there are two other reasons he shouldn’t be confirmed. First, he has demonstrated, at a min-imum, exceptionally poor judgment when it comes to perhaps our Nation’s most critical ongoing national security investigation—the Russian Govern-ment’s attack on our democracy. We all know, if we have read the intel-ligence reports, Russia attacked the U.S. democracy and vote in the last election. After serving on Mr. Trump’s transi-tion team, Mr. Benczkowski rep-resented a Putin-connected Russian bank, Alfa-Bank, regarding its bizarre server communications with the Trump organization during the height of the Presidential campaign. Alfa- Bank was at the very center of scru-tiny into ties between the Trump cam-paign and Russia, even making an ap-pearance in the Steele dossier. Yet Mr. Benczkowski took on Alfa-Bank as a client on an issue related to the Russia investigation at the same time he was being considered for a senior position in the Trump Justice Department, to-tally blinded to the obvious conflict of interest. In fact, he continued to rep-resent Vladimir Putin’s connected bank until the day he was formally nominated to lead the criminal divi-sion. Now, some have said we should give Mr. Benczkowski the benefit of the doubt. Giving him the benefit of the doubt, you have to admit, at least dem-onstrates an embarrassingly poor sense of judgment for someone who is nomi-nated to lead the Criminal Division to look into the criminal activities of places like Alfa-Bank. Now, we find Mr. Benczkowski has refused to recuse himself from matters related to the Russia investigation or the Steele dos-sier. You can’t make these things up. It is just conflict of interest 101. As Senator D
URBIN and Senator W HITEHOUSE have warned, as head of the Criminal Divi-sion, Mr. Benczkowski would therefore have visibility and be able to look into investigations of individuals related to the Trump campaign. He could serve as a conduit of information to the Attor-ney General about these sensitive mat-ters. According to the Department of Jus-tice, it is possible Special Counsel Mueller’s office ‘‘will seek approvals from the Criminal Division as required . . . or may simply want to consult with subject-matter experts in the Criminal Division as appropriate in the normal course of department investiga-tions,’’ and who would have avail-ability to that? Mr. Benczkowski. He could even be in a position to share se-cret grand jury information directly with the President. What is also concerning is that if Mr. Benczkowski were to be confirmed and Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein were then to be removed, the Presi-dent, under the Federal Vacancies Re-form Act, could simply install Mr. Benczkowski as the Acting Attorney General, with respect to the Russia in-vestigation. So what do we have? We have Mr. Benczkowski, under those cir-cumstances, gaining direct control over the special counsel’s investiga-tion. He would even have the power to stop the special counsel’s probe. Gosh, we wonder, could that ever occur to someone at the White House; that he could suddenly stop Mr. Mueller from his investigations? On qualifications, the man who is going to be head of the Criminal Divi-sion has never tried a case, never han-dled any criminal matter, never had anything to do with criminal matters. He is really unqualified for this role by any objective measure. The only appar-ent qualification that Mr. Benczkowski has is his close relationship with, and political loyalty to, the Attorney Gen-eral and the President. In fact, that is likely the very reason he was nomi-nated to this critical position. That is all the more troubling given his ter-rible judgment with respect to the Rus-sia investigation. We are putting some-one in who has been involved as an at-torney for a bank involved in this Rus-sia investigation. Many of my fellow Republican Sen-ators, to their credit, have stated their commitment to ensuring that Special Counsel Mueller be allowed to carry out his investigation independently and without political interference. I hope they keep this commitment in mind when considering Mr. Benczkowski’s nomination. I hope they join me in voting no. Apparently, his only qualification is he is going to be put in a position where he could stymie Mueller’s investigation of Russia. I have voted for a lot of nominees, both Republicans and Democrats, in this position because of their qualifica-tions—not because of their ideology but their qualifications. No President of either party has ever nominated somebody for this critical position who is less qualified. In fact, it is pretty hard to find anybody in this country less qualified. Mr. President, I see other Senators on the floor, so I yield to them. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Georgia. 
SECTION 232  
Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I rise to talk about my opposition to the sec-tion 232 motion which will be voted on later today. I have utmost respect for my col-leagues who are bringing this motion. I totally understand their logic, and I re-spect their point of view on this and many other issues. One of the great things about this deliberative body is that we deliberate. Unfortunately, I just don’t understand why this body continues to try to tie the hands of this President at every turn. We all know that enacting tariffs on imports is not the goal here. This 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JY6.008 S11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4887 July 11, 2018 
President is committed to creating a more level playing field for our work-ers and our companies here at home that compete on the unlevel playing field which exists in the trade world we know of today. We need to give this President, and every future President, frankly, room to negotiate. The 1962 Trade Expansion Act was passed by Congress to give the execu-tive branch the authority and flexi-bility to negotiate on trade. It was this authority that paved the way for nego-tiations on the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade—GATT—which helped reduce global trade barriers. Most of my career, I have dealt with-in the GATT restrictions and opportu-nities we have to trade across borders internationally. I think, more than anybody else in this body, I have actu-ally transacted products across borders internationally. I am very concerned, in this era of entrenchment in Con-gress, where we are so paralyzed that we can’t even fulfill our most basic constitutional function of funding the government on time—which we have only done four times in 44 years—in that environment, if we get the author-ity on trade back, that we will not be able to even hold a vote and have a de-bate and will hamstring any adminis-tration’s negotiating efforts. Credibility in negotiating trade terms is absolutely critical. Imagine a head of state in another part of the world dealing with our head of state, knowing that before he can make any deal, he has to wait on us in this body to act. I have been waiting 3 years to see this body act on healthcare. We haven’t been able to find a way to even solve one of the most near crises we all know exists today. So imagine what a world would look like if we are trying to do that in the trade environment. Like me, President Trump is an out-sider to this political process. He is a business guy who has seen the impact of unfair trade practices in the real world. For years, he has seen how America has often been treated un-fairly when it comes to trade. I know, and most people who have traded inter-nationally in the last four decades know, these rules were written by us. We wrote these rules. It created an unlevel playing field that allowed the rest of the world to develop, but guess what. In the last 40 years, we have seen global poverty be reduced by almost two-thirds, while our poverty rate in the United States, since the Great So-ciety was signed into law, has not been reduced one iota. That is partly a func-tion of our trade practices. This President has made it a priority to restore fairness and balance to this trade imbalance with our trading part-ners around the world. He needs credi-bility and he needs flexibility in order to achieve that. Looking at what we are up against today, it is easy to see why the Presi-dent is insisting on getting America a better deal. Today, Canada has a 270- percent tariff on U.S. milk; the EU keeps a 10-percent tariff on American autos; Brazil bans U.S. fresh, frozen, and processed pork products; China has a 15-percent tariff on American cars; the EU has a tariff of up to 26 percent on U.S. seafood; and you cannot sell fresh American potatoes in most of Mexico. I could do this all day. We know there is an imbalance in trade around the world. This is about making sure America is treated fairly and is in the best place to do business in the world. It is about making Amer-ica more competitive and secure. It is about ensuring our economic and na-tional security for the next 100 years. The President is taking a different approach, sometimes controversial, but I believe he is a pragmatist, and I be-lieve he only wants one thing for America; that is, results and a level playing field with the rest of the world. I believe we ought to give the execu-tive branch—just like the 1962 act did— space to negotiate. We need to give him space to succeed for American workers and for American companies here at home. With that, I urge my colleagues to oppose this motion. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I rise in support of the Corker-Toomey-Flake motion that we are going to be voting on soon. Let me be clear. This is a mo-tion that simply would reflect—if it is adopted—the consensus of the Senate that Congress should have a role in de-termining the use of section 232 to im-pose tariffs. Let me give a little bit of context. First of all, I want to be very clear that free trade is enormously construc-tive, enormously helpful for our econ-omy and our standard of living. The United States has been a leader in pro-moting free trade around the world for many decades, and that is part of the reason we are the most affluent society on the globe by far, consistently out-performing the rest of the world. What it does is it provides our consumers with many choices and lower costs and therefore a more affordable standard of living, and it provides our workers with foreign markets. Ninety-five percent of the world’s population lives somewhere else. I want to sell to them, and we do that through an environment of free trade. Take NAFTA, for instance. Since NAFTA was enacted in 1994, Penn-sylvanians have seen exports to Mexico increase by more than 500 percent. That is what happened because of the reduction in the barriers to trade that existed prior to NAFTA. Of course, it also encourages investment in the United States—new plants, factories, and all the jobs that come with that. Tariffs and quotas and other obsta-cles to trade do the exact opposite. They reduce our consumers’ choices. They raise costs. They limit our oppor-tunity to sell our products, whether it is agricultural products or manufac-tured products. They reduce the oppor-tunities to sell these abroad. Of course, inevitably, the imposition of these bar-riers involves the government’s decid-ing which sectors and which industries will be winners and losers because very seldom are these broadly and uni-formly applied. Individual sectors are usually selected. So where are we today? It has been 16 weeks since the President invoked sec-tion 232 of our trade law to impose tar-iffs on imported steel and aluminum. First and foremost, I have to say this is a misuse of section 232 of our trade law. Section 232 is supposed to be invoked when there is a specific threat to America’s national security. Well, let’s consider the case of steel. The United States produces domestically 75 per-cent of all the steel we consume. Our defense needs consume 3 percent of total steel consumption. How could one possibly make the case that we don’t have a plentiful abundance of domesti-cally produced steel to satisfy our de-fense needs? But it is not only that. Where are the biggest sources for the 25 percent of steel that we consume but we don’t produce ourselves? Well, that would be Mexico and Canada. Those are the two countries that provide the most steel. With both of those coun-tries, we have a surplus of trade in steel. The Canadians actually buy more steel from us than we buy from them, and so do the Mexicans. Where is the security threat to America when my constituents choose to buy some portion of the steel we consume from Canada? We know the answer. There is no security threat from Canada and Mexico, and the fact that they provide a modest percentage of our steel needs does not constitute a national security threat, and we know it doesn’t. Yet the administration in-voked section 232 to impose this tax on American consumers when we choose to buy steel and aluminum from Can-ada and Mexico and the European Union, by the way, for that matter. The harmful effects we have feared have already begun. We have increased prices on U.S. consumers and a real threat to workers and businesses. I have heard from many Pennsylvania manufacturers that happen to rely, for some portion of their products, on im-ported steel, and now their products are no longer competitive because they, alone in the world, are being forced to pay this additional tax when they import this steel. I have to say this is part of what looks like a pattern to me—and this is one of my concerns—of this adminis-tration moving away from support for free trade. First, there was a sugar deal negotiated with Mexico which is de-signed to artificially inflate the price American consumers have to pay for sugar. It works out very well if you are one of the handful of people who produce sugar in the United States, but it is a terrible deal for everyone else. Then we had tariffs applied to solar panels and washing machines under a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Jul 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JY6.010 S11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4888 July 11, 2018 
different provision. Now we have an on-going and apparently escalating trade war with China. This motion has abso-lutely nothing to do with China; I am just presenting that as a matter of con-text. And we are hearing that the ad-ministration is threatening now to again misuse section 232, in my view, to impose new taxes on Americans who choose to buy automobiles that origi-nate in Europe. That would be terrible for our economy and for our con-sumers. It would be a bad idea, but we are told that is under active consider-ation. My view is that it is about time Con-gress restores to Congress the constitu-tional responsibility we have to estab-lish tariffs. The Constitution is com-pletely unambiguous about this. Arti-cle I, section 8, clause 1, states that ‘‘the Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises.’’ Clause 3 says that ‘‘the Con-gress shall have the power . . . to regu-late Commerce with foreign Nations.’’ We made a mistake in recent decades when we ceded this constitutional re-sponsibility to the executive branch. I think that was a mistake, and I have argued that for a long time. Now we are seeing a price being paid as the ad-ministration, I think, is misusing this important tool. What our motion does is it would simply take a step in the direction of restoring this responsibility the Con-stitution assigns to us in the first place. This does not tie the President’s hands at all. The President is free to negotiate better trade agreements if he can, and I think he should. What it does say, though, is that if he wants to invoke national security as the reason for imposing taxes on Americans when they buy foreign products—when he wants to do that, Congress ought to have a role. That is all it says. That is what this motion to instruct says. I am very pleased to be working with Senator C
ORKER from Tennessee and Senator F
LAKE from Arizona. I think this is a very modest step. It takes us in a direction that would be very con-structive, which is to restore the con-stitutional responsibility we have been shirking. I am pleased there is bipar-tisan support for this. I hope this mo-tion to instruct our conferees will be adopted by a wide margin. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I rise to speak on the same topic on which my friend from Pennsylvania just spoke. I want to thank him for laying out the rationale for this vote. I also thank Senator F
LAKE for his efforts. I know Senator A
LEXANDER , the senior Sen-ator from Tennessee and my friend, will speak on this topic in just a few moments. I do hope we will have an overwhelming vote for this motion to instruct. It is just a step in the direc-tion that we would like to go relative to Congress’s role. Section 232 of the Trade Act was never intended to be used the way this administration is using it. The Senator from Pennsylvania laid out the fact that this certainly is not being im-posed for national security reasons. As a matter of fact, the White House has said loosely on many occasions that they are only using section 232 in order to try to create some kind of leverage on NAFTA. I don’t understand how putting tariffs in place on our allies in Europe has anything to do with NAFTA. I don’t understand how put-ting tariffs on our neighbors has any-thing to do with combating what China is doing in stealing our intellectual property, and I know the Presiding Of-ficer knows full well what is happening there. We do need to counter that kind of activity, and I don’t know if we are doing it in the best way now. This is an abuse of Presidential au-thority. It is an abuse of Presidential authority. What I hope is going to hap-pen today is that, in a bipartisan way, in an overwhelming vote, we are going to pass this motion to instruct, moving Congress into its rightful role as it re-lates to this issue. The reason the President, by the way—for those of you who may not be following this closely—is invoking sec-tion 232 is that under 232, no one has really an ability to oppose it. I mean, with the China tariffs—and this has nothing to do with the China tariffs that are being imposed today and that were recently imposed. They go under different sections of the Trade Act where you have to actually make a case for what you are doing. In Janu-ary, the President used section 201 of the Trade Act, but he has to make a case to be successful there. He recently used section 301 on China tariffs. Again, this particular motion has noth-ing to do with China tariffs, but he has to make a case for that. He has to deal with the World Trade Organization and ITC. Section 232—basically, he can just wake up and decide he is going to use section 232, the way it is now written. It has never been used in this manner by any President ever, but if we have a situation where we set up a rules-based society in dealing with trade, and any executive officer of a country can wake up and one day decide they have a na-tional security issue and have to make no case, then, in effect, treaties rel-ative to trade have no effect. You move into a place of not using rules to imple-ment trade. Now, as the Senator from Pennsyl-vania mentioned, our country has ben-efited greatly from trade. The State of Tennessee is one of the destinations for foreign direct investment in our coun-try. It is a place where we export all around the world. And what the Presi-dent is doing is shaking the very re-gime by not being able to even articu-late where he is going. The Senator from Georgia is my friend, and he has worked all around the world, and I am surprised that he would oppose Congress having a role only when section 232 is utilized. But the fact is that Congress should have a role. We gave this authority away in the 1960s and again in 1974. It was a mis-take for us to have done that. We never expected the President of the United States to use 232 in the way it is being utilized today. This is a vote for Con-gress to assume its rightful role. It is a baby step. I hope to have legislation coming be-hind us where 15 Senators—Repub-licans, Democrats, and an Inde-pendent—have come together on a piece of legislation to absolutely en-sure that Congress has a role. This is just a motion to instruct to say that we agree that Congress should have a role when 232 is invoked. We will decide what that role is down the road. I urge all Senators to support this motion. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I join my colleagues today. I thank Senator TOOMEY from Pennsylvania and Sen-ator C
ORKER from Tennessee especially for working this out. Let’s be clear. This is a rebuke of the President’s abuse of trade authority. The President has abused section 232 to impose tariffs on steel and aluminum, impacting our allies, such as Canada, Mexico, and countries in the EU. Can you imagine being in Canada and being told that your steel and aluminum ex-ports to the United States represent a national security threat? Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau right-fully called the President’s recent tar-iffs an ‘‘affront to the longstanding se-curity partnership between Canada and the United States’’ and, he continued, ‘‘kind of insulting.’’ Canada is the largest consumer of U.S. goods. It buys more goods from the United States than China, Japan, and the UK combined. Canadian com-panies operating in the United States directly employ 500,000 Americans. Canada and the United States share more than 5,500 miles of a peaceful bor-der. Close to 400,000 people cross that shared border each day for business, pleasure, or to maintain family ties. Canada has been our partner in the War on Terrorism since 2001. More than 40,000 Canadian Armed Forces members served alongside us in Afghanistan be-tween 2001 and 2014. Canada has been our ally, our partner, and our friend, and now they are told that their steel and aluminum exports to us represent a national security threat. That is an abuse of section 232 of the Trade Act. I am so glad that Congress is finally pushing back on this. We have ne-glected our constitutional role. We gave the President authority years ago, under the 1962 act, to exempt from that act imports that represent a true national security threat. These im-ports do not. This is an abuse of that authority, and that is why Congress needs to speak up today. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Jul 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JY6.011 S11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4889 July 11, 2018 
This is a nonbinding resolution. This will not have an effect that will actu-ally get to the President in legislation. That is the next step, and we need to go there. We have to go there. Those voting on this today need to know that is where we will go. We have to rein in an abuse of Presidential authority and to restore Congress’s constitutional au-thority in this regard. I thank my colleagues for bringing this to the floor. I urge all of my col-leagues to support it—not just that, but once we go from here, taking this symbolic step, this nonbinding resolu-tion, to take actual steps on legislation that will return the actual authority to Congress once again to impose or to manage tariffs. With that, I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Louisiana. 
NATIONAL FLOOD INSURANCE PROGRAM  
Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, my mo-tion to instruct conferees to the mini-bus appropriations bill, H.R. 5895, is a simple 6-month extension of the Na-tional Flood Insurance Program, cur-rently set to expire July 31, 2018—in about 2 weeks. The same timeline in this motion was passed by the Senate a few weeks ago by unanimous consent during consideration of the farm bill. The National Flood Insurance Pro-gram insures properties in every State, insuring over 5 million homes and busi-nesses and $1.2 trillion in assets. If the NFIP is not extended, people will not be able to renew or purchase new flood insurance policies, and more people would be without flood insurance dur-ing peak hurricane season. This is so to the moment because, given the series of emergency supplemental appropria-tions bills the Senate has passed, an expiration of the NFIP puts the U.S. taxpayer in the very vulnerable posi-tion of funding more uninsured losses in emergency supplemental appropria-tions legislation. I thank Senators C
RAPO and B ROWN  for their work in providing a path for-ward to a bipartisan long-term reau-thorization of the NFIP, which ideally includes commonsense reforms pro-viding for greater investment in flood mitigation, updated flood mapping technology, greater accountability, and consumer choice. However, these discussions will not conclude in the next 2 weeks, prior to the upcoming NFIP expiration deadline. It is imperative that Congress pro-vide for a 6-month extension of NFIP now, so progress can continue on long- term reauthorization and reform of the NFIP through the Banking Committee. I urge my colleagues to vote to pro-tect the taxpayer, the homeowner, and to support this motion to instruct. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. 
ENERGY AND WATER , LEGISLATIVE AFFAIRS , 
AND MILITARY CONSTRUCTION APPROPRIA -
TIONS LEGISLATION  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, in the next few minutes, the Senate will be taking the next steps on an appro-priations process that is being con-ducted the way an appropriations proc-ess is supposed to be conducted. Boy Scouts shouldn’t get a merit badge for telling the truth, and Senators shouldn’t get a pat on the back for con-ducting an appropriations process the way it is supposed to be conducted. It is worth noting that we are doing it, since it has been a long time since we have done it. The right way means we are moving ahead on three bills: Energy and Water, legislative affairs, and Military Con-struction. The right way means we have had hearings on all of these bills. We have consulted with Senators. I know that in our Energy and Water bill, Senator FEINSTEIN and I heard from 83 different Senators and tried to respond to them in our bill. We marked up the bills unanimously in most cases. What was missing was allowing the other 70 Senators to participate on the floor. We did that this time; 40 amend-ments, 7 rollcall votes. We got off the floor without a cloture vote; that is, a motion to cut off debate. We are doing it the way it is supposed to be done. That was done by showing something that needs to be shown more in the Senate—restraint. Restraint means that when you have a lot of freedom, it doesn’t mean you exercise all of your freedoms all at once because nothing will happen. We avoided controversial riders. We even had 20 Republican Senators vote to table something we agree with, which is the waters of the United States provision, because we thought this was not the appropriate bill for it. Now we are moving to motions to in-struct, which are nonbinding resolu-tions. It is important, though, because they give the Senate a chance to say what Senators want to say. That is why we are here. One of those issues has to do with tariffs. The administration has im-posed tariffs on aluminum and steel, and now other products, provoking a response of tariffs on soybeans and other products grown and manufac-tured in our country. In general, these tariffs are a big mistake. Using na-tional security as an excuse to impose them is an even bigger mistake. I have urged President Trump in-stead to focus on reciprocity; tell other countries to do for our country what we do for you. Imposing tariffs as a way of achiev-ing that is like shooting ourselves in both feet as a way of solving our prob-lem. Tariffs are taxes. They raise the price of what we buy and sell. Tariffs reduce revenues, profits, wages, and jobs. U.S. tariffs on aluminum and steel hurt 136,000 Tennesseans who work in more than 900 auto plants in 88 of our 95 counties; that is, one-third of our manufacturing jobs. Retaliatory tariffs hurt Tennessee soybean farmers by lowering prices and making markets disappear. Our goal should be to persuade our trading partners to do for us what we do for them. Shooting ourselves in both feet at once is not a good way to do that. There are better ways to achieve the goal. This doesn’t just hurt auto parts workers in Tennessee. I was in Spring-field, TN, the other day. They had been excited about an expansion of an Electrolux plant, a $250 million expan-sion for that community. Electrolux canceled it when word of the steel tar-iffs came, even though Electrolux, which makes washing machines, buys all of their steel in the United States. Tariffs on imported steel raise the price of steel sold in United States. In Chestnut Hill, Bush Brothers cans about one-third of all beans canned in the United States. You wouldn’t think that is such a big deal, but it involves a lot of people and a lot of beans. They say that 8
1⁄2percent of their revenues will go down as a result of the tin-plat-ed steel that is used for their cans. Not enough is produced in the United States. Then, we have Bridgestone and Hankook. They make tires in Ten-nessee. They are big companies. They use steel wire in every tire, and none of it is produced in the United States. The price goes up. For 40 years, I worked to bring the auto industry to Tennessee. It has done more than anything that has happened to raise our standard of living, to raise families’ incomes. Tariffs will lower our standard of living. They will hurt our State more than almost any other State. As respectfully and as effectively as I can, I have said to the President: Mr. President, we agree on taxes. We agree on regulations. We agree on judges. We are proud of having the best economy in 18 years, the lowest employment rate that anyone can remember. But these tariffs are a big mistake. They will take us in the wrong direction. I have not been successful in talking with the President about this, but I in-tend to keep trying. There are other, better ways to persuade our trading partners to do for us what we do for them instead of shooting ourselves in both feet at once, which is what we do when we impose these tariffs. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alabama. Mr. SHELBY. Mr. President, before we vote this morning, I want to express my support for the appointment of con-ferees and my belief that this is yet an-other encouraging sign of a return to regular order in the appropriations process. The package of appropriations bills that will be conferenced with the House received overwhelming bipar-tisan support in the Senate. This broad agreement was facilitated by a con-certed effort by both parties to prevent partisan riders from poisoning the well. Thus far, we have been able to trans-late bipartisan cooperation among members of the Appropriations Com-mittee into success on the Senate floor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Jul 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JY6.012 S11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4890 July 11, 2018 
At this time, I want to recognize and to commend the continued efforts of the committee members in the process, especially the Republican and Demo-cratic managers of this package. In particular, I want to thank Vice Chair-man L
EAHY for his strong partnership in this effort and Senator A
LEXANDER , who is here on the floor, who has guid-ed this process and will chair the con-ference committee. We will continue to consolidate crit-ical mass for a return to regular order, but we still have a long way to go. This is another step in the right direction. Senator A
LEXANDER , Vice Chairman L
EAHY , and I will have a strong slate of conferees joining us. On the Republican side, it will be Senators B
OOZMAN , D
AINES , and L ANKFORD . On the Demo-cratic side, it will be Senators F
EIN-
STEIN , SCHATZ , and M URPHY . Our objective will be to build upon the momentum we have generated in the Senate by urging the same type of bipartisan cooperation in the con-ference. We will aim to return to the Senate floor—hopefully, sooner than later—with a conference report that re-flects bipartisan agreement and merits the support of our colleagues. It is, I believe, the right thing to do for the American people. Whatever par-tisan fights may ensue in the coming weeks, I believe the appropriations process should not suffer those wounds, and we should continue our hope and work. Thus far, it has been immune from such a fate. It is my hope that we can continue on that path. That will be our goal in this conference committee. I hope others will join us. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SHELBY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
ENERGY AND WATER, LEGISLA-TIVE BRANCH, AND MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume legislative session. The Presiding Officer laid before the Senate the following message from the House of Representatives: 
Resolved, That the House disagree to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 5895) entitled ‘‘An Act making appropria-tions for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes.’’, and ask a conference with the Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alabama. COMPOUND MOTION  
Mr. SHELBY. Mr. President, I move that the Senate insist on its amend-ment, agree to the request of the House for a conference, and the Chair be au-thorized to appoint conferees on the part of the Senate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Louisiana. 
MOTION TO INSTRUCT  
Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I have a motion to instruct conferees at the desk, and I ask for its immediate con-sideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Louisiana [Mr. C ASSIDY ] moves that the managers on the part of the Senate at the conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the Senate amendment to the bill H.R. 5895 be in-structed to insist that the final conference report include provisions that have the effect of extending the National Flood Insurance Program, and the authority of the Adminis-trator of the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency to issue notes and obligations with respect to that Program, through Janu-ary 31, 2019. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. 
MOTION TO INSTRUCT  
Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I have a motion to instruct conferees at the desk, and I ask for its immediate con-sideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Tennessee [Mr. C ORKER ] moves that the managers on the part of the Senate at the conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the Senate amendment to the bill H.R. 5895 be in-structed to include language providing a role for Congress in making a determination under section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 (19 U.S.C. 1862). 
MOTION TO INSTRUCT  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There are now 2 minutes, equally divided, on the Cassidy motion to instruct. The Senator from Louisiana. Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, very briefly, this is a 6-month reauthoriza-tion of current law, which will allow continued work for a longer term reau-thorization. It protects American fami-lies and the U.S. taxpayers from the consequences of a lapsed program dur-ing peak hurricane season. I urge its adoption. The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time is yielded back. The question is on agreeing to the motion to instruct. Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. ERNST ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 94, nays 5, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 150 Leg.] YEAS—94 
Alexander Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Ernst Feinstein Fischer Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NAYS—5 
Barrasso Enzi Flake Lankford Lee 
NOT VOTING—1 
McCain 
The motion was agreed to. 
CHANGE OF VOTE  
Mr. LEE. Mr. President, on rollcall vote No. 150, I voted yea. It was my in-tention to vote nay. Therefore, I ask unanimous consent that I be permitted to change my vote since it will not af-fect the outcome of the vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. (The foregoing tally has been changed to reflect the above order.) 
MOTION TO INSTRUCT  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There are now 2 minutes, equally divided, on the Corker motion to instruct. The Senator from Tennessee. Mr. CORKER. Madam President, I rise to speak in favor of this motion, where Congress would have an appro-priate role in section 232 of the Trade Act as invoked on national security grounds. This is something that any-body who supports the Senate playing its proper role should support. I thank Senator T
OOMEY , Senator F
LAKE , and 15 other Senators who sup-ported this overall effort. This is a baby step in a good direction for the U.S. Senate and for our country. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. Mr. BROWN. Madam President, you all know where I stand on section 232 steel tariffs. I strongly support them because thousands of steelworkers across the country have lost their jobs due to Chinese steel overcapacity. Tough trade enforcement against 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JY6.014 S11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4891 July 11, 2018 
China cheating has long been overdue. These tariffs are a tool to bring China to the table and to get long-term struc-tural changes to support American jobs. My colleagues know I strongly op-pose the Corker-Toomey legislation, which would undo China’s tariffs, let China off the hook, and gut the section 232 status. That is why I stood on the floor 2 weeks ago to block that. What we are considering today is dif-ferent. With this motion to instruct, the Senate will reaffirm that it has a role in section 232 determinations. Of course, we should. That is why I have talked regularly with Secretary Ross and Ambassador Lighthizer throughout this process. I will vote for the motion to instruct not because I think it makes sense to consider trade policy on an appropria-tions bill that has nothing to do with tariffs but because, of course, Congress should have a role in 232 determina-tions. It should have a role in all trade policies. I have been saying that for years. I am glad my colleagues finally agree. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator’s time is expired. Mr. BROWN. I ask unanimous con-sent for 10 seconds. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BROWN. Let me be clear. To-day’s vote is not a vote for under-mining the trade agenda. It is not a vote to rescind steel tariffs. I will do everything in my power to defeat any efforts to do that. I yield. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. Mr. TOOMEY. Madam President, if there is any time remaining, let me just stress that this vote is a vote to move in the direction of restoring to Congress our constitutional authority and, ultimately, if we do that right, to revisiting the misuse of the section 232 provisions of our trade law, which is applying inappropriate tariffs on steel and aluminum from our allies and close friends. I urge my colleagues to vote yes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion to instruct. Mr. LEE. Madam President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 88, nays 11, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 151 Leg.] YEAS—88 
Alexander Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Gillibrand Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Hoeven Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Peters Portman Reed Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NAYS—11 
Barrasso Capito Crapo Enzi Graham Heller Hyde-Smith Inhofe Perdue Risch Scott 
NOT VOTING—1 
McCain 
The motion was agreed to. The Presiding Officer appointed Mr. S
HELBY , Mr. A LEXANDER , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. D
AINES , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. L EAHY , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. S CHATZ , and Mr. M
URPHY conferees on the part of the Senate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume executive session. The Senator from West Virginia. 
NOMINATION OF BRETT KAVANAUGH  
Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I want to take a few moments to talk about what I believe is an excellent choice that President Trump made on Mon-day, and that is in selecting Judge Brett Kavanaugh to fill the vacancy on the Supreme Court. Judge Kavanaugh’s credentials are those of a person very well suited for the U.S. Supreme Court. He excelled as an undergraduate and as a law student at Yale and clerked for Justice An-thony Kennedy, who is retiring—the man he would replace—and was also a clerk for two Federal appeals court judges. He served in a very critical po-sition in President George W. Bush’s administration. Beyond his resume is a record of re-spect and effectiveness. Judge Kavanaugh is highly regarded by his colleagues in the Federal judiciary. I think that says a lot about his poten-tial and his character in terms of po-tential to become a Supreme Court Justice. He has also impressed others over his long and very prestigious ca-reer. We saw his wonderful family on Mon-day night. We can tell they are very proud of their dad and their mom, and I was very honored to have the oppor-tunity to meet all of them, along with Judge Kavanaugh’s parents. He has been very effective. As a mat-ter of fact, this Supreme Court has adopted his reasoning in their opinions on 11 separate occasions, and the 300 opinions he has written are frequently cited by Federal judges all across the country. But perhaps Judge Kavanaugh’s most qualifying characteristic is something I heard him say at the White House on Monday evening. When the President announced his nomination, Judge Kavanaugh committed to be open- minded in the cases that come before him as a Supreme Court Justice. Open- minded—I think that is critical, and his record backs up that commitment. He has a long and clear record of fair-ly applying the text of our Constitu-tion and our laws. There will be a lot to consider on Judge Kavanaugh be-cause he has such a long and very clear record of writing, and the President mentioned his very precise writing skills. When I consider nominees for the Su-preme Court, I don’t look for a person who promises particular policy out-comes or someone who is out to actu-ally create laws; what I look for is a person who reflects experience, fair-ness, and respect for the Constitution as it is written. That is because the Constitution assigns legislative au-thority to us, to elected representa-tives in the Congress. Accountability to the American people is diminished when unelected judges pursue their own policy goals. A newspaper in the Northern Pan-handle of our State, the Wheeling In-telligencer, editorialized today: Kavanaugh has said that if confirmed to the Supreme Court, his allegiance will be to the Constitution as it is written, not to his personal preferences. That is precisely what the Nation needs. 
Another editorial appearing in West Virginia today—this one from the Daily Mail—said: 
A conservative Supreme Court justice in-terprets the U.S. Constitution for all, not just those on the right or the left. 
I believe Judge Kavanaugh truly un-derstands a Justice’s and a judge’s proper role, and I think no one puts that better than the judge himself. I would like to read a portion of a speech he gave last fall: 
One overarching goal for me is to make judging a more neutral, impartial process in all cases, not just statutory interpretation. The American rule of law, as I see it, depends on neutral, impartial judges who say what the law is, not what the law should be. Judges are umpires, or at least should al-ways strive to be umpires. In a perfect world, at least as I envision it, the outcomes of [cases] would not often vary based solely on the backgrounds, political affiliations, or policy views of judges. This is the rule of law 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JY6.019 S11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4892 July 11, 2018 
as the law of rules; the judge as umpire; the judge who is not free to roam in the con-stitutional or statutory forest as he or she sees fit. In my view, too, this goal is not merely a preference of mine but a constitutional man-date in a separation-of-powers system. 
I believe that Judge Kavanaugh and I share the belief that faithfulness to the text of the law as written, not the pur-suit of a particular policy outcome, should be the goal of a judge. In the same speech last year, Judge Kavanaugh discussed his meeting with then-West Virginia Senator Robert C. Byrd during his confirmation process to the DC Circuit. Most West Vir-ginians and Americans know the rev-erence that Senator Byrd had for the text of the Constitution. During his speech, Judge Kavanaugh spoke of reading the text of Article I with Sen-ator Byrd. Senator Byrd was among the Democrats who voted to confirm Judge Kavanaugh to the DC Circuit. I think Judge Kavanaugh’s record on the DC Circuit and his experience merit a bipartisan confirmation process—the same type of bipartisanship that Sen-ator Byrd showed when he voted for Judge Kavanaugh. For all of the noise and debate out-side of this Chamber, the confirmation process for a well-qualified Supreme Court nominee does not have to focus on trying to guess how a Justice Kavanaugh might rule in a particular case. As a matter of fact, I think that will be a futile exercise and quite dam-aging to the process at the same time. If we are looking for a fair umpire, which we are looking for, there is no reason a nominee with a strong record of applying the text of the Constitution and the law should not be confirmed with overwhelming support. President Trump made clear in his campaign that he would appoint judges with respect for the Constitution. I be-lieve he kept his commitment when he nominated Brett Kavanaugh to become a Supreme Court Justice. The process is just beginning where Judge Kavanaugh’s record will be scru-tinized to the nth degree. We are going to have hearings, and I hope all of us— and I am certainly putting myself in this category—will have the oppor-tunity—and I think we will—to sit down one-on-one, to talk with Judge Kavanaugh, to make our own judg-ments about his qualifications and his abilities in terms of becoming a Su-preme Court Justice. I look forward to advancing the proc-ess, and I look forward to meeting with Judge Kavanaugh. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I first wish to associate myself with the remarks from the outstanding Senator from West Virginia. We had a chance to be together on Monday night when the President announced the nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh to serve on the U.S. Supreme Court, and I agree with my colleague from West Virginia that it is a fantastic choice. I said before that there are three things I want to see in any nominee for the Court: the appropriate judicial phi-losophy, a strong intellect, and a solid character. Everything I have seen so far confirms that Judge Kavanaugh satisfies all three of these require-ments. I would like to talk today about a few things I think we can expect to see over the next couple of months. First, I think it is safe to say that through-out this process, Judge Kavanaugh will not announce how he is going to rule on cases that might come before him on the Supreme Court. The Presiding Officer and I know—as we walked back from the visit at the White House and were heading home after having a chance to visit with the President of the United States before he actually told the country Judge Kavanaugh would be the nominee—that it is a very appropriate thing for the judge to do, to not announce how he is going to rule on cases that might come before him at the Supreme Court. In fact, the ethics rules say it is exactly what a nominee should do. They should avoid making these sorts of comments. The rules say that judges and nominees should not answer questions about how they would rule on a case they might consider, so I expect that Judge Kavanaugh will fol-low the rules and not get into specifics on which side he may favor. It is what Ruth Bader Ginsburg, a current member of the Court, did dur-ing her confirmation process in 1993. She said that ‘‘a judge sworn to decide impartially can offer no forecasts, no hints’’—no hints, no forecasts, no pre-views. She said that this would ‘‘dis-play disdain for the entire judicial process,’’ and she was confirmed. That is the Ginsburg standard. Every nomi-nee since then has followed that stand-ard. Well, the second thing I expect to happen is that Democrats are going to complain that Judge Kavanaugh fol-lows the Ginsburg standard, and we have heard it already. They are going to complain that he will not promise to take their side in cases that might come before the Court. They are going to complain—and have already—that some of the cases he has decided in the past didn’t work out the way they wanted them to work out—not what the law said, not what was right, but what they wanted. That is what Demo-crats in the Judiciary Committee did when Neil Gorsuch was nominated to the Supreme Court last year. We have seen this movie before. We know the playbook. They have criti-cized him for some of the rulings they didn’t like. Even though the rulings followed the law, they didn’t like the rulings, so they criticized the judge for following the law. They suggested he should have ignored the law, sided with the little guy, the sympathetic side in a case, regardless of what the law said. But Judge Gorsuch knew the same thing Judge Kavanaugh knows: Judges are absolutely not supposed to consider who they think is sympathetic in a case, where the empathy lies. It is where the law lies. They are supposed to be making decisions and rules based on the law. Federal judges actually swear an oath, and the oath is to ‘‘administer justice without respect to persons, and to do equal right to the poor and to the rich.’’ That is what Judge Kavanaugh has done during his 12 years as a mem-ber of the DC Circuit Court. The minority leader, Senator S
CHU-
MER, has already said that is not good enough for him—not good enough for Senator S
CHUMER . He wrote an op-ed in the New York Times on July 2, and he wrote this op-ed before the President had even made a decision as to who he might nominate. At the time, the President was considering a number of names. It didn’t matter to Senator S
CHUMER ; he made it clear that he is going to fight any mainstream nomi-nee unless he can confirm that the nominee will rule in a certain way. Judges don’t do that. Judges shouldn’t do it. Well, that is the litmus test now for liberal Democrats in the U.S. Sen-ate. They are going to try to make peo-ple believe that they know how Judge Kavanaugh is going to rule in the Su-preme Court. When President Obama was picking people to serve as judges and Justices, he said that he was looking for people who would decide cases based on—this was his word—‘‘empathy.’’ Well, Presi-dent Trump has consistently selected judges—and we have approved and con-firmed quite a few now as we have been here since President Trump has taken office—and Justices who decide cases based upon the law and the Constitu-tion of the land. Judge Kavanaugh is exactly that kind of judge. He under-stands that writing the laws is not his job. It hasn’t been his job in the circuit court, and it would not be his job on the Supreme Court. He gave a speech last year in which he said that Con-gress and the President, not the courts, possess the authority and the responsi-bility to legislate. Let me repeat that. Congress and the President, not the courts, possess the authority and re-sponsibility to legislate. The third thing I expect to happen in this whole process is we will vote on Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination before the next Supreme Court session starts in October. That is what the American people want us to do. NBC News did a recent poll, and they found that 62 per-cent of Americans want us to vote on this nomination before the November election, and only 33 percent said that we should wait. But Democrats want to delay. They want to delay the process. The American people are saying to get on with it. It is early July now. We are going to work through the month of August. It gives us plenty of time to consider this nomination. When you look at the peo-ple serving on the Supreme Court today, we typically spend about 66 days to confirm each of them. That is going 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JY6.020 S11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4893 July 11, 2018 
to put it around the middle of Sep-tember. There is no reason we need to take any longer than that. Judge Kavanaugh has been through this process before and has been con-firmed by the Senate before. He was confirmed to the circuit court by a vote of 57 to 36 in this body. Four Democrats supported his confirmation. Judge Kavanaugh has served on the circuit court for over 12 years, has written a number of rulings—I think over 300. His background as a judge gives us powerful evidence of the kind of Justice he will be. He is going to take the law and the Constitution at face value. He is not going to treat them like blank pages on which he can rewrite the laws the way he wishes they were. In a speech last year, he made it very clear. He said: ‘‘The judge’s job is to interpret the law, not to make the law or make policy.’’ This view—and every example I have seen from Judge Kavanaugh’s record—is squarely in the mainstream of Amer-ican legal thinking today. He is smart, he is fair, and I believe he is very well qualified. Regrettably, none of this matters to some of the Democrats. They are going to use the same scare tactics they use every time a Republican President nominates someone to the Supreme Court. They did it 40 years ago when President Gerald Ford nominated John Paul Stevens to the Court. Liberals ac-cused him of ‘‘antagonism to women’s rights.’’ When President Reagan nomi-nated Justice Kennedy 31 years ago, the Justice who has just retired from the Court, Democrats said his nomina-tion ‘‘should be unsettling to those concerned with the health and legal status of women in America.’’ They have been using the same old lines for more than 40 years. It is never true; it is never reality. But apparently for the Democrats, it never gets old. I hope the Democrats in the Senate will give Judge Kavanaugh a chance. I hope they will take the time to con-sider his qualifications and actually sit down and talk with him before they rush to condemn him, although quite a few rushed to condemn him even before the President had decided and he was named to the Court. I also look forward to sitting down with the nominee and exploring some of his views more fully, but everything I have seen so far suggests to me that it is going to be a very good conversa-tion and that Judge Kavanaugh would make an excellent Justice of the Su-preme Court. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, today I rise to oppose the nomination of Brett Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court. This is an issue I will return to in the coming weeks and months at greater length, but I did want to say a few words about why I am in opposi-tion to Mr. Kavanaugh. I think many Americans have a pret-ty good sense of what the function of Congress is and what the President of the United States does, but, in fact, I think many Americans do not fully ap-preciate the role that the Supreme Court plays in our lives. In the past decade alone, the Supreme Court has issued some incredibly controversial and, to my mind, disastrous decisions that have had a profound impact on the lives of the American people. Let me review for a moment why this nomination is so very important by looking at what the Supreme Court, often by a 5-to-4 vote—a one-vote ma-jority—has done in recent years. If you go out onto the streets of any commu-nity in the United States of America— whether it is a conservative area or a progressive area—what most people will tell you is that we have a corrupt campaign finance system—a system that today, as we speak, allows billion-aires to spend hundreds of millions of dollars to buy elections. Most Ameri-cans, whether they are Democrats or Republicans or Independents, do not think that is what American democ-racy is supposed to be about. What most people think is that the majority should rule. Sometimes you win, and sometimes you lose, but everybody gets a vote—not a situation in which billionaires can spend unlimited sums of money to support candidates who represent their interests. That is, in fact, what goes on right now. Many Americans may think that was a decision made by Congress, made by the President. That is not so. That dis-astrous decision that is undermining American democracy came about by a 5-to-4 vote of the U.S. Supreme Court in the Citizens United case. That is what a Supreme Court deci-sion can do. It can undermine Amer-ican democracy and create a situation where the very wealthiest people in this country can buy politicians and influence legislation. Several years ago, the Supreme Court upheld the constitutionality of the Affordable Care Act, but the Court also ruled that the Medicaid expansion as part of the Affordable Care Act had to be optional for States. I am on the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee, which helped to write that bill. I can tell you that there was almost no discussion—I don’t recall any discussion—about whether or not that legislation would apply and all elements of the legisla-tion would apply to every State in the country. The Supreme Court ruled that this was not the case. They said that the decision of expanding Medicaid was up to the States. Today, we have 17 States in our country that still have not ex-panded Medicaid. What that means in English—in real terms—is that today there are millions and millions of peo-ple, in 17 States in this country, who are ill, people who can’t afford healthcare, people who are literally dying because they don’t go to the doc-tor when they should, and that is all because of a decision of the U.S. Su-preme Court. It is not only the issue of campaign finance or the issue of Medicaid and healthcare where the Supreme Court has acted in a disastrous way. I think everybody knows that our country has a very, very shameful history in terms of civil rights. It has been a very long and hard struggle for us to finally say that in America, regardless of the color of your skin, regardless of your eco-nomic position, you have the right to vote. It is not a radical idea, but it is a struggle for which very brave people fought for many decades. In 1965 the Congress finally passed the Voting Rights Act, which had the impact of eliminating racial discrimi-nation in voting. That Act, passed by Congress, has been reauthorized mul-tiple times since. In other words, what Congress said is that everybody in this country has the right to vote, regard-less of the color of your skin. In 2013 the Supreme Court—again, by a 5-to-4 vote—ruled that parts of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 were out-dated, and they struck down a major part of that law that guaranteed that all Americans had the right to vote. Literally days after that decision was rendered by the Supreme Court, offi-cials in State after State responded by enacting voting restrictions targeted at African Americans, poor people, young people, and other groups of citi-zens who don’t traditionally vote Re-publican. Literally days after that Supreme Court decision, State officials said: Wow, we now have the opportunity to make it harder for our political oppo-nents to vote. They moved very, very quickly with restrictive voting rights laws. That sit-uation was created by, once again, a 5- to-4 vote by a conservative Supreme Court. Just this year, we saw the Supreme Court rule against unions in a really outrageous decision in the Janus case, designed to weaken the ability of work-ers and public employees to negotiate fair contracts. Just this year, we saw the Supreme Court uphold President Trump’s Muslim ban and other impor-tant pieces of legislation. This is already a Supreme Court that, given the option, will rule, as they have time and again, often by a 5- to-4 vote, in favor of corporations and the wealthy and against working peo-ple; that will continue to undermine civil rights, voting rights, and access to healthcare; that are edging closer and closer to ruling that a person’s re-ligious beliefs should exempt them from following civil rights laws. Having said that, let me say very briefly why I oppose the nomination of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JY6.021 S11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4894 July 11, 2018 
Judge Kavanaugh. As it happens, I do not usually believe anything that President Trump says because I think, sadly, that he is a pathological liar, but I do think this is a moment where we should believe one thing that he said during the campaign. I think, in this instance, he was actually telling the truth. During the campaign, he was asked if he wanted to see the Court overturn Roe v. Wade, the landmark decision that protects a woman’s right in this country to control her own body. He responded to that question: 
Well, if we put another two or perhaps three justices on, that’s really what’s going to be—that will happen. And that’ll happen automatically, in my opinion, because I am putting pro-life justices on the court. 
That is Donald Trump during the campaign. On a separate occasion, as many re-call, Trump suggested that women who have abortions should be punished. I have very little doubt that while he may evade the question of whether or not he wants to overturn Roe v. Wade— I have zero doubt—he would not have been appointed by Donald Trump un-less that is exactly what he will do. As I think we all know, President Trump put forth a list of 25 potential justices, all of whom were handpicked by the Heritage Foundation and the Federalist Society. These two extreme rightwing groups claim they have ‘‘no idea’’ how any of the people on that list would rule on Roe v. Wade, but overruling Roe has been a Republican dream for 40 years. Please do not insult our intelligence by suggesting it is pos-sible that any of these candidates could secretly support a woman’s right to control her own body. That will not be the case. That brings us to Judge Kavanaugh. You may remember that last year the Federal Government was sued by an undocumented teenage girl they were keeping in detention in Texas. She dis-covered that she was pregnant while in detention and tried to obtain an abor-tion. Judge Kavanaugh wanted to force her to delay the proceeding, presum-ably until it was no longer legal under Texas law for her to obtain an abortion in that State. When he was overruled by the full DC Circuit, he complained in a dissent that his colleagues were creating a right to ‘‘abortion on de-mand.’’ Does that sound like someone who is going to strike down State laws that create undue barriers to abortion access, or does it sound like somebody who had no problem with forcing a teenage girl to carry a pregnancy to term? There is also another case perco-lating out of Texas that could have even graver consequences for tens of millions of Americans. The State of Texas and 17 other Republican States have sued the Federal Government, claiming that the Affordable Care Act is unconstitutional, and the Depart-ment of Justice under Donald Trump agrees with them. While I do not know how Judge Kavanaugh would rule on this case—nobody could, of course, know that—I will note that in another case about the ACA, he suggested that the President could simply refuse to enforce laws that he deems unconstitu-tional, regardless of what the Courts say. What we are dealing with here is, lit-erally, a life-and-death decision regard-ing preexisting conditions, regarding the issue of whether today you have cancer, heart disease, diabetes, or some other life-threatening illness. Before the Affordable Care Act, an insurance company could say to you: Oh, you have a history of cancer, we are not going to insure you because we can’t make money out of you because that cancer might recur. It might be: You are too sick and we are going to lose money on your case and we are not going to insure you or, if we do insure you, your rates are going to be five times higher than somebody else’s of your age. One of the major achievements of the Affordable Care Act, which was sup-ported by 90 percent of the American people, is that we must not end the protections the American people have today against insurance companies that would bring back preexisting con-ditions—that would discriminate against people who were ill. It is very likely that case will come before the U.S. Supreme Court. Yet 90 percent of the American people say we should not discriminate against people who have cancer or heart disease and that insur-ance companies should not be allowed to deny them coverage or raise their rates to levels that people cannot af-ford. The Trump administration has sup-ported the argument of the Republican Governors and will not defend the ACA in court, which will come to the Su-preme Court. Unless I am very mis-taken, Judge Kavanaugh will vote with the rightwing majority and allow dis-crimination against people who have serious illnesses to, once again, be the law of the land. Time and again, Judge Kavanaugh has sided with the interests of corpora-tions and the wealthy instead of the in-terests of ordinary Americans. He has sided with electric power utilities and chemical companies over protecting clean air and fighting climate change. He has argued, if you can believe it, that the Consumer Financial Protec-tion Bureau, which has saved con-sumers billions and billions of dollars from the greed and illegal behavior of Wall Street and financial institutions, is unconstitutional because its struc-ture does not give enough power to the President. He has also argued against net neutrality. He dissented in an OSHA case and ar-gued that SeaWorld should not be fined for the death of one of its whale train-ers because the trainer should have ac-cepted the risk of death as a routine part of the job. While nobody can predict the future, we can take a hard look at Judge Kavanaugh’s record and extrapolate from his decisions what kind of Su-preme Court Justice he will be. I think the evidence is overwhelming that he will be part of the 5-to-4 majority, which has cast decision after decision against the needs of working people, against the needs of the poor, and against the rights of the American peo-ple to vote freely, without restrictions. This is an issue to which I will re-turn. I just want the American people to understand, when they hear this de-bate taking place here and think, well, it is the same ol’ same ol’—with people yelling at each other—that this is an enormously important decision which will impact the lives of tens and tens of millions of people. I hope very much that the American people become en-gaged on this issue, learn about Judge Kavanaugh’s record, and join with those of us who are in opposition to his nomination. I yield the floor. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I am pleased the Senate is considering Brian Benczkowski to serve as the Assistant Attorney General for the Criminal Di-vision. This is a critical position at the Department of Justice and its extended vacancy has hindered the agency’s ef-fectiveness. Mr. Benczkowski has the experience and qualifications to lead the Criminal Division. I am proud to support his nomination on the floor today. Mr. Benczkowski was nominated 400 days ago. The Judiciary Committee held his confirmation hearing nearly a year ago. A fully staffed and well-func-tioning Criminal Division is vitally im-portant to the Department of Justice’s mission. Over a dozen former U.S. Attorneys, from both the Bush and Obama admin-istrations, support his nomination. They wrote that the head of the crimi-nal division is ‘‘the nerve center of fed-eral prosecution, and the absence of a confirmed occupant can diminish the effectiveness of our law enforcement program throughout the country.’’ The former prosecutors went on to state: ‘‘Those of us who know Brian recognize that he is the right person to provide that leadership and to be a strong and effective partner with the United States Attorneys’ Offices.’’ Mr. Benczkowski already has an im-pressive legal career. He previously served as the Republican staff director on the Senate Judiciary Committee from 2009–2010. He also served as a counsel on the House Judiciary Committee. Before that time, he worked on the Senate Budget Committee and served as a counsel to Senator Domenici for 4 years. Mr. Benczkowski excelled as a leader during his time on the Judiciary Com-mittee. During his time as staff direc-tor, he was instrumental in passing the Fair Sentencing Act. This law reduced the disparity in federal criminal sen-tencing between crack and powder co-caine. His leadership was instrumental 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JY6.022 S11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4895 July 11, 2018 
in several pieces of bipartisan legisla-tion, including the Crime Victims Fund Preservation Act of 2009, the Secure and Responsible Drug Disposal Act of 2009, the Judicial Survivors Protection Act of 2009, and the Combat Meth En-hancement Act of 2009. Mr. Benczkowski also served in sev-eral different roles at the Department of Justice. In 2008, he became the chief of staff to the Attorney General and the Deputy Attorney General. He also served as the chief of staff to the ATF. In total, he held five senior leadership positions in different divisions in the Department of Justice, working with components and law enforcement agen-cies across the Department. During Mr. Benczkowski’s decade in the private sector, he gained extensive litigation management experience that will serve him well as he oversees the Criminal Division. Some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have said they will not support his nomination because he al-legedly lacks experience. They say this because Mr. Benczkowski was never a prosecutor. But the head of the Criminal Division is not a prosecutor. The position over-sees criminal matters and formulates and implements criminal enforcement policy. It requires a deep knowledge of Federal criminal law, experience in government investigations, and strong management skills. Mr. Benczkowski, with his years of experience in relevant fields, is clearly qualified for this posi-tion. But don’t just take my word for it. Five former heads of the Criminal Divi-sion appointed under the Bush and Obama administrations said this about Mr. Benczkowski’s nomination: ‘‘Mr. Benczkowski has the necessary leader-ship, management and substantive ex-perience to lead the Division.’’ They noted that, ‘‘by virtue of our service in the position to which Mr. Benczkowski has been nominated, we are familiar with the qualifications and experience necessary for success in the job.’’ They went on to say ‘‘throughout his career, on the criminal defense side in private practice and in the Depart-ment, he has worked on complex crimi-nal investigations on a range of issues; significant criminal legislation mat-ters; important criminal policy mat-ters; and domestic and international law enforcement matters.’’ These former heads of the Criminal Division know better than anyone the background and qualifications required to do the job, and they think that Mr. Benczkowski is a good fit for this role. Some of my colleagues have raised a different concern, related to Mr. Benczkowski’s legal representation of Alfa Bank while he was working at the law firm of Kirkland and Ellis. The Senate learned of this matter when re-viewing his FBI background investiga-tion. Normally the committee doesn’t pub-licly discuss any matters contained in the background investigation but be-cause this matter raised some concerns for some senators, Mr. Benczkowski voluntarily waived his privacy rights, so we could freely and publicly ques-tion him on this matter. At his hearing, the committee mem-bers extensively questioned him about his representation of Alfa Bank. He an-swered all our questions. He was not evasive. His testimony was public. It was very credible and uncontroverted. Mr. Benczkowski also then responded in writing to several rounds of written questions submitted to him. After this hearing, I helped Senator D
URBIN arrange an intelligence briefing with the Office of the Director of Na-tional Intelligence related to Alfa Bank. I also helped arrange for the Deputy Attorney General to call Senator D
UR-
BINto explain the Department’s long- standing tradition that it does not con-firm nor deny investigations, particu-larly when it comes to a nominee’s cli-ent. When clients are under investigation, they need lawyers to represent them. Are we now going to have a political litmus test for nominees based upon the clients they stepped forward to rep-resent in private practice? There is no credible allegation that Mr. Benczkowski did anything wrong or unethical related to his limited rep-resentation of Alfa Bank or otherwise. He has promised to recuse himself from handling any matters involving Alfa Bank, and he has promised to consult with ethics officials regarding any other times he may need to recuse. I believe Mr. Benczkowski will be an outstanding head of the Criminal Divi-sion. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting his nomination. Mr. SANDERS. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I come to the floor to raise concerns both about the next vote we will take—a vote that will or will not confirm President Trump’s nominee Brian Benczkowski to be the Assistant Attorney General of the Criminal Division of the U.S. De-partment of Justice—and to express my concern about our President’s ac-tions at the NATO summit and his up-coming meeting with Vladimir Putin, the President of the Russian Federa-tion. Let me start with Mr. Benczkowski. I come to the floor to speak in opposi-tion to our proceeding to his confirma-tion. Mr. Benczkowski has been nomi-nated to serve as an Assistant Attor-ney General and will be in charge of the Criminal Division at the U.S. De-partment of Justice. How big of a division is that—10, 50, 100? It actually has 900 employees and 600 career Federal prosecutors. The U.S. Department of Justice takes up, handles, investigates, and prosecutes cases of an unbelievable range, com-plexity, and sophistication in every district court in the entire United States. One would have to assume that to take on such a significant—such an important—role as overseeing, super-vising, and managing 900 professionals and 600 career prosecutors that Mr. Benczkowski must be very qualified to serve. As someone who is himself an admit-ted member of the Delaware bar and serves on the Judiciary Committee, I hesitate to suggest that I have the qualifications because I have never tried a criminal case in court, so I am not sure how I would directly supervise a whole team of career Federal pros-ecutors. Mr. Benczkowski has never prosecuted a case. He has never super-vised a criminal prosecution. In fact, he has not ever appeared in Federal court, by his own admission, except for on one or two limited occasions in order to address routine scheduling or other matters. Mr. Benczkowski is before us, in his having been nominated to supervise the single largest, most complex, most sophisticated law firm in America for criminal matters on behalf of the peo-ple of the United States, without his having the relevant experience. In my view, that alone is disqualifying. That alone should lead us to pause in terms of whether we should confirm this man to lead the Criminal Division as the Assistant AG. Virtually all of the last several Sen-ate-confirmed Assistant Attorneys General for the Criminal Division have had extensive prior experience as pros-ecutors, as former U.S. attorneys, as career or elected folks who have either been within the Department of Justice or have been attorneys general. This is for good reason, for the Federal Gov-ernment holds enormous power and dis-cretion when it comes to criminal pros-ecutions. The Assistant Attorney Gen-eral is responsible for overseeing of-fices that investigate and prosecute money laundering, fraud, organized crime, public corruption, and a host of other serious offenses. It is that AAG who ultimately signs off on some of the edgiest or most difficult or most ques-tionable prosecutorial decisions. Every American should expect that the per-son who is nominated for this impor-tant job is qualified to meet the weighty demands of this job. Secondly, every American is entitled to the assurance that the Department of Justice will be independent and that criminal prosecutions will rise and fall with the facts and the law and nothing else. Sadly, Mr. Benczkowski fails to pass this test too. He led the Department of Justice’s transition team for the Trump admin-istration. He previously served with our now-Attorney General and former Senator Jeff Sessions. Yet, after leav-ing the transition team for the Trump 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JY6.008 S11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4896 July 11, 2018 
administration, he went on to private practice in a law firm where he rep-resented Alfa-Bank, which is one of the largest Russian banks. It is a Russian bank which, through its owner, a Rus-sian oligarch, has close ties to Vladi-mir Putin. At times, it is hard for me to believe how many people immediately around the President, his Cabinet, his cam-paign team, or around him personally have had concerning, inexplicable, dif-ficult-to-understand ties to Russian en-tities, but here we are again. To be frank, I am concerned that Mr. Benczkowski’s position—if confirmed by this Senate in just 5 minutes in a vote we are about to take—could en-able him to directly interfere with Spe-cial Counsel Mueller’s ongoing inves-tigation into Russian interference. I have raised concerns about this, about ensuring that Attorney General Sessions fully complies with his recusal from matters related to the last election. Adding Mr. Benczkowski to the mix in his absolutely central role as the Assistant Attorney General who will oversee the Criminal Division raises these concerns even further. Adding another senior person to the Justice Department’s leadership team who raises these concerns about real independence gives me real pause. I joined all of the Senate Judiciary Committee Democrats in a letter that asked the administration to move Mr. Benczkowski to some other position and to send us a qualified, capable nominee who does not have concerning Russian connections. Unfortunately, the administration hasn’t done that. My friends on the other side of the aisle seem poised to confirm this gen-tleman today. 
NATO  
Mr. President, this concerns me more than ever because of what has just been said by our President in Europe to our vital NATO allies. There is a number I have been holding in my heart this week—1,044. That is the number of NATO troops who have died in combat in Afghanistan while having served shoulder to shoulder with the United States. President Trump is correct to raise the issue of contributions to our mu-tual defense. President Trump has had a real impact. He has gotten our NATO allies to up the ante by more than $14 billion in the last year and a half. I wish he had gone to Brussels and sim-ply said: Thank you, folks, for increas-ing your contributions. Now let’s focus on interoperability and deployability and on linking arm-to-arm and facing our real adversary—Russia. The NATO alliance exists for mutual defense. How can you successfully de-fend when you can’t successfully iden-tify your real adversary? I have just returned from a bipar-tisan trip to visit Sweden, Denmark, Latvia, and Finland—two NATO allies and two very close security partners. All four of these countries have fought alongside us in Afghanistan and have suffered combat deaths. For two of those countries, they have been the first combat deaths since the Second World War. When our President makes mis-leading, mistaken comments that NATO doesn’t pay its fair share or is using us as a piggybank or, as he said in a campaign-style rally in Montana, that NATO is killing us, it really weighs upon the hearts of our vital al-lies that have sent their young men and women to serve alongside ours and, in 1,044 cases, to die. We need to respect our vital allies and recognize that for seven decades, our NATO allies and our security part-ners—whether the 4 I just visited with the Republican chairman of the For-eign Relations Committee or the oth-ers among the 29 in NATO—are step-ping up their investments, but they have already paid a price that few other countries have paid of sending their sons and daughters, alongside ours, into combat. Rather than question their commit-ment to our mutual security, I wish our President would celebrate that they have increased their investments, thank them for their strong partner-ships and alliances, and begin facing our country toward its true adver-sary—Russia. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that all time be yielded back. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. All postcloture time is expired. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Benczkowski nomination? Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 51, nays 48, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 152 Ex.] YEAS—51 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee Manchin McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young NAYS—48 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Jones Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
McCain 
The nomination was confirmed. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the mo-tion to reconsider is considered made and laid upon the table and the Presi-dent will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
CLOTURE MOTION The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending clo-ture motion, which the clerk will state. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Paul C. Ney, Jr., of Tennessee, to be General Counsel of the Department of De-fense. Mitch McConnell, Mike Crapo, Tom Cot-ton, Johnny Isakson, John Kennedy, John Thune, John Boozman, Tim Scott, Richard Burr, Thom Tillis, Roy Blunt, Cory Gardner, Roger F. Wicker, Mike Rounds, John Cornyn, John Bar-rasso, Jerry Moran. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. By unanimous consent, the man-datory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of Paul C. Ney, Jr., of Tennessee, to be General Counsel of the Department of Defense, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 74, nays 25, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JY6.024 S11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4897 July 11, 2018 
[Rollcall Vote No. 153 Ex.] YEAS—74 
Alexander Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Cassidy Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Manchin McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Perdue Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Whitehouse Wicker Young 
NAYS—25 
Baldwin Blumenthal Booker Brown Casey Cortez Masto Duckworth Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hirono Leahy Lee Markey Menendez Merkley Paul Peters Sanders Schatz Schumer Stabenow Sullivan Warren Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
McCain 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. On this vote, the yeas are 74, the nays are 25. The motion is agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will report the nomina-tion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Paul C. Ney, Jr., of Tennessee, to be General Coun-sel of the Department of Defense. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
OOMEY ). The Senator from Con-necticut. 
NOMINATION OF BRETT KAVANAUGH  
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, we are at a crossroads, a historic turn-ing point for the U.S. Supreme Court and our country. This body is often called upon to consider court nomina-tions for the district courts and the courts of appeals, but we are at an ex-traordinary decision point for the U.S. Supreme Court—the highest Court in the land, a branch of government that can shape the law and culture of this country for generations to come. When we are called upon to consider a Supreme Court nominee, ordinarily we have to read tea leaves. Ordinarily we have no way to know with certainty the values and beliefs that someone will bring to the Court. Ordinarily Presidents make every effort to per-suade us that their nominees were picked on the basis of merit, not ide-ology. So ordinarily we look forward to hearing what nominees tell us about their beliefs and values, since they are unknown when we first hear their names. We live in times that are the opposite of ordinary. These are not ordinary times. We live at a time when there is, right before our eyes, an ongoing as-sault on the rule of law in this country, coming from the President of the United States on down. We live at a time when the courts are critically im-portant to our democracy because they are a bulwark for fundamental rights and liberty, and when the history of this era is written, I believe that our judiciary and our free press will be the heroes because they stood between the President defying the law and pre-serving those key freedoms and rights that are foundational to our democ-racy. What we know about the President’s nominee for the highest Court in the land—the most important to that ef-fort against this assault on the rule of law—is that he will ‘‘automatically’’ vote to overturn Roe v. Wade. We know that he will vote effectively to elimi-nate the Affordable Care Act and to un-dermine protections for millions of Americans who suffer from diabetes, obesity, alcohol abuse, addiction to opioids, stroke, Parkinson’s, and many other preexisting conditions. Millions of Americans suffer from those kinds of sicknesses, including more than 500,000 Connecticut residents. We are a State of about 3.5 million people, so you can do the math. There are a lot of Ameri-cans who suffer from preexisting condi-tions. We know these facts because we have heard them from none other than the President of the United States, who said that his nominee would automati-cally overturn Roe v. Wade and who be-rated Chief Justice Roberts for uphold-ing the Affordable Care Act in his deci-sive swing vote. When a President tells you he is trying to eliminate basic legal rights and liberties for the people of the United States, you better take him at his word, and I do. But in this case, actually we need not take the President at his word because we can review the facts—in fact, the cir-cumstantial evidence surrounding this nomination. The President has allowed himself to become a puppet of rightwing fringe groups—the Federalist Society and the Heritage Foundation, which have been trying to strike down Roe v. Wade and overturn it for decades. As one recent news story put it, if you want a seat on the Supreme Court, the man to see is not Donald Trump; it is Leonard Leo, the executive vice president of the Fed-eralist Society. Leonard Leo and the Federalist Soci-ety have made clear their desire to overturn Roe v. Wade for years, and Mr. Leo’s friend, Ed Whelan, brags about Leo’s efforts, stating: ‘‘No one has been more dedicated to the enter-prise of building a Supreme Court that will overturn Roe v. Wade than the Federalist Society’s Leonard Leo.’’ The President of the United States outsourced this decision to the Fed-eralist Society and other groups long intent on overturning Roe v. Wade. They produced for him a list. He se-lected from that list, and the rest is an unfortunate, deeply tragic chapter in American history. The Heritage Foundation has been vehement in its desire to overturn and strike down the Affordable Care Act and deny many Americans access to health insurance. It has fought to end protections for people who suffer from these conditions, and they are not only the ones I have mentioned but also many others that are common throughout our society. Its efforts to shape the Supreme Court are a part of a conscious, concerted strategy in a war on the ACA. Perhaps as troubling as any other fact about this nominee, to many of us who have seen the horrific, unspeak-able effects of gun violence, Judge Kavanaugh is the dream candidate of the NRA. He has taken the view that almost all commonsense, sensible measures to stop gun violence violate the Constitution. He is the dream pick of the NRA. He is a nightmare for the students of Parkland, the survivors of Orlando, Columbine, San Bernardino, and all of the mass shootings, including Sandy Hook, and all of the victims and sur-vivors, their loved ones, families, and friends, who know the tragic effects of those 90 people gunned down every day in America. Those 90 victims every day in this country who die as a result of gun violence bear witness to why we should reject this nominee. Just minutes after Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination was an-nounced, the NRA endorsed him, show-ering praise on his extreme record against gun safety. As an appellate judge, Judge Kavanaugh heard the se-quel to Heller, a case regarding the constitutionality of the District of Co-lumbia’s gun registration requirement and semiautomatic assault rifle ban. On a panel of all Republican ap-pointees, Judge Kavanaugh was the only judge to vote to strike down both gun safety measures as unconstitu-tional. His basic premise is that gun laws have to be similar or identical to laws that he considers ‘‘traditional’’ or ‘‘longstanding.’’ He rejects bans on as-sault weapons and gun registration re-quirements. He has no clear definition of what is ‘‘longstanding’’ and enables a statute to be upheld. But consider his logic. He has, in effect, ruled out any statute that bears no resemblance or connection to laws on gun violence on the books in 1789. That is a breath-taking concept of the constitutional test that should be applied to measures against gun violence. The Founders almost certainly never considered the possibility of universal background checks at a time when it might have been impossible to do it anyway and when the kinds of firearms available were very different than they are now. By Judge Kavanaugh’s logic, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JY6.011 S11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4898 July 11, 2018 
Congress would seemingly be prohib-ited from requiring universal back-ground checks, even though more than 90 percent of all Americans want them on the books. That is a radical view, even for the far right. Should Judge Kavanaugh be confirmed to the U.S. Supreme Court, you can say good-bye to a slew of gun safety measures around the country in States like Connecticut, California, New York, or, now, Florida. Many other States are realizing that they should be on the right side of history and the right side of the American peo-ple and adopt commonsense, sensible measures. They would be struck down by the logic that Judge Kavanaugh would bring to the Supreme Court. We would have fewer safeguards against the scourge of gun violence. There is now one mass shooting every day and 90 deaths every day in America. This country is in the midst of an epidemic of gun violence—a pub-lic health emergency. With Judge Kavanaugh as a member of the Na-tion’s highest Court, this epidemic would continue unabated. This nominee is part of a concerted, coordinated effort to roll back the clock, to take the Nation back to a time—one of our darkest eras—when abortion was criminalized, when women died and they were denied ac-cess to contraception and the morning- after pill, when Americans were denied healthcare because of those preexisting conditions, and when civil rights, LGBT rights, voting rights, and work-ers’ rights were largely ignored. That prospect is frightening. For President Trump, the nomination of Judge Kavanaugh is about more than just undermining or eviscerating these fundamental rights. It is about under-mining and eviscerating the rule of law. Judge Kavanaugh has written that the President can refuse to enforce a law if he believes that it is unconstitu-tional—if he alone believes it is uncon-stitutional—even if that law was duly passed by Congress and upheld by the courts. He has written that special counsels—like Robert Mueller, who is investigating the President—should be appointed only by the President and should be removable by the President. Under that rule, Robert Mueller never would have been appointed as special counsel, and the President would be able to fire him for no reason at all— except that he is investigating the President. Finally, Judge Kavanaugh has writ-ten that the President should not have to deal with those responsibilities or burdens that the rest of us, ordinary Americans, fulfill. A President under Judge Kavanaugh’s rule could not be investigated or indicted, could not be held accountable under the law, and would not have to respond to a civil suit, a subpoena, or a request to be in-vestigated by law enforcement. He need not be interviewed by the FBI or co-operate with law enforcement because under Judge Kavanaugh’s concept the President is above the law. Nothing is more fundamental, no principle more sacrosanct in this country—no one is above the law. No President. No one is above the law. A President who has demonstrated unprecedented disdain for the rule of law has nominated a Justice who will tell him he can ignore the law. A Presi-dent who has fought tooth and nail against the special counsel’s inves-tigating some of the most serious crimes has nominated a Justice who would allow him to fire the special counsel at will for no reason. A Presi-dent who faces not only the prospect of indictment but an ongoing civil suit brought by nearly 200 Members of Con-gress—I am proud to be leading them— for his violation of the chief anti-cor-ruption provision in the Constitution would be declared above the law, im-mune from lawsuit and accountability. We are going to continue with that lawsuit to make sure that the Presi-dent obeys the Constitution and comes to Congress for consent before he ac-cepts the payments and benefits in the hundreds of millions of dollars that he is doing every day. Judge Kavanaugh would absolve him of accountability. These are no ordinary times. In the coming days, I will be speaking out on other areas where Judge Kavanaugh would undermine the rights of every-day Americans and put the rights of corporations and special interests above them. Judge Kavanaugh would prevent Con-gress and the States from passing com-monsense gun violence laws that will save lives. He would invalidate a slew of existing laws in States across the country, and he would leave powerful corporations to prey on consumers, workers, and anybody who wants to breathe clean air or drink clean water. These prospects are not imaginary or abstract. Read his opinions and his writings. In one area of law after an-other, Judge Kavanaugh poses a clear and present danger to our fundamental liberties, to effective government, and to the rule of law. To the people who say to me ‘‘What can we do?’’ our chal-lenge is a call to action. It is to mobi-lize and galvanize America, just as we did during the healthcare debate, when they said the Affordable Care Act would be repealed, and we mustered Americans’ sense of outrage and alarm. I say to the students of Parkland who spoke so eloquently and movingly, your time has come; to the patients who came to my townhalls in Con-necticut and spoke so powerfully about their fear of what would happen to them and their insurance coverage if preexisting conditions were declared in violation of those insurance policies, your time has come; to all who care about civil rights and civil liberties, workers’ rights, and gay rights, your time has come. We need to hear your voice here, just as we did during the healthcare debate, as powerfully and eloquently. The challenge is yours in stopping this nomination, as it is our responsibility to demand specific an-swers that this nominee recuse himself from any consideration of the Presi-dent’s financial dealings or the special counsel and to reject the phony plati-tudes and the evasive and vague an-swers that have been accepted before, because we know that the old plati-tudes adhering to settled precedent is meaningless. We do not live in ordinary times. We need extraordinary efforts to make sure that the U.S. Supreme Court remains faithful to the rule of law. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Missouri. Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I defi-nitely agree with one thing that my friend from Connecticut just said, which is that there is a long record here on the President’s nominee. It is a record I want to look at. It is a record I want to be sure that I talk about to the people I work for as we go through this process. In this process, we will have some time. My guess is it will take about the same amount of time that it has taken for the last two nomi-nees, which means sometime in the month of September, in all likelihood, we will be on the floor, voting, and we will see where that vote takes us. A lot of people have jumped to a lot of conclusions here. It wasn’t my friend Senator B
LUMENTHAL at all, but some-body had a news release yesterday at a news conference I was in. One of our fellow Senators had, apparently, gotten it out a little too quickly. The news re-lease read that Supreme Court nominee XXX is the most extreme candidate that the President could have possibly picked. Another one of our colleagues said yesterday that he didn’t care who the President nominated but that he wouldn’t be voting for him. We are going to hear a lot of that over the next few weeks. At least going back to 1975, I think every single Republican nominee has supposedly been the nominee that would bring an end to so many things that people have tried to focus on when these nominations have come up. With Gerald Ford’s nominee in 1975, who turned out to be Justice Stevens, these exact same things were said then. I don’t know that it is what the Presi-dent said during the campaign that matters as much as what the nominee will say during the next few days. I do know of the job the nominee cur-rently has. I want to talk to him, and I want to look at the record. I want to visit with him about his philosophy personally before I reach a final con-clusion. I do know the job that Judge Kavanaugh currently has is often cited as the second most significant court in the country, the DC Court of Appeals. I do know that his 100 most often cited opinions have been cited by more than 210 judges around the country. I do know that the Supreme Court has en-dorsed his opinions of the law at least a dozen times and has adopted them as the opinions of the Supreme Court. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JY6.030 S11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4899 July 11, 2018 
Remember the way this works with the job that Brett Kavanaugh cur-rently has as a circuit judge with the court of appeals. Unlike all the others, it is the court that often has the real jurisdiction over a constitutional case. So there have been lots of cases, and we will be looking through the 12 years of what he has done as a judge. I know there are some requests to see every piece of paper that Brett Kavanaugh had in his hands when he was the Staff Secretary, the Assistant to the President, when George W. Bush was President. That would be every piece of paper that had gone to the White House. Yet the job of the Staff Secretary is not to have an opinion on those pieces of paper. In fact, he is probably the highest level official ap-pointed by the President in the White House whose job it is not to have an opinion but to facilitate the work, to get the paper to whom it needs to go. I suppose we could get, virtually, every piece of paper from the National Ar-chives and the George W. Bush Library. That is possible but not necessary and not justified. What is justified is to look at all of these opinions. What is justified is to look at the individual, to look at what he does on the court, to look at what he does in the community, to look at his opinions. These are, without any question, important responsibilities not just for the President but for the Senate. Once again, Americans are reminded that it matters who is in the Senate. It matters who composes a majority in the Senate. My guess would be, in 2
1⁄2 months or so from now, that a major-ity of votes will be cast for Judge Kavanaugh, that they will be bipar-tisan in nature, and that he will go to the Court, probably, before its new term begins on October 1. In fact, that should be one of our goals here—to have a Justice in place by that time. Three of the current Justices on the Court, by the way, were put on the Court in an election year, in an off year—Justice Kagan in 2010. It was al-most exactly analogous. A Democratic President and a Democratic Senate put a Democratic nominee on the Court who had, by the way, worked at the White House. The only difference was there was not as large a body of work to demonstrate the commitment we would hope to find to the Constitution and the law. In my mind and, I think, in the minds of a vast majority of the people I work for, the goal of a Federal judge and a Supreme Court Justice is to judge a case based on the law and the Constitution. It is to look and be sure that those match up and to be sure that the law is applied as it is written, not as a judge thinks it should have been written. It is to be sure the Con-stitution is applied as it is written, not as a judge thinks it should be amended. There is a way to pass a new law, and there is a way to amend the Constitu-tion, but that is not to be done by the Court. It seems to me that in the Scalia tra-dition and in the Gorsuch nomination tradition, we have a judge here who ap-pears to be committed in every way to looking at the law and enforcing the law. I think it was Judge Scalia who said and others who have said that good judges are often not happy with the opinions they have to render be-cause the opinions they have to render are based on the facts of the cases and may not be the way they would have liked the cases to have worked out at all. It is not their job to decide how they would like the cases to work out. The job of a judge is to judge the appli-cation of the law and the application of the Constitution. Seven Justices, including our most recent nominee to the Court, Justice Gorsuch, served as law clerks on the Supreme Court. If he is confirmed, Judge Kavanaugh will be the eighth. His background, his training, and his work as a circuit judge appear to qual-ify him in a significant way. He was a Supreme Court clerk for Justice Ken-nedy. We ought to understand what is hap-pening here. Justice Kennedy has been on the Court for 30 years. He filled a vacancy that was created in 1987. He served on the Court for 15 years after the person who nominated him to the Court had died. Talk about a long-term impact of both the President who nominates and the Senate that con-firms. Three decades of impact on one of the branches of government is pretty substantial. In addition to being the clerk for Justice Kennedy, Judge Kavanaugh was, as I said, not only in the private sector but, for 5 years, served in the Bush administration. Probably the most important job he held in that ad-ministration was, simply, of seeing that things got done in an orderly way to produce a result. In 2006, President Bush nominated him to serve on the DC Court of Appeals. Twelve years later, we are here today. Judge Kavanaugh’s opinions are cited by judges around the country. Again, the Supreme Court has endorsed his opinions at least a dozen times. He has written that the judge’s job is to inter-pret the law, not to make the law or to make policy. It is to read the words of the statute as written and to read the text of the Constitution as written, being mindful of history and tradi-tion—an important point. It is to be consistent with the law and the Con-stitution and to read the text of the Constitution as written while being mindful of history and tradition. Don’t make up new constitutional rights that are not in the text of the Constitution. Don’t shy away from enforcing con-stitutional rights that are in the text of the Constitution. That is in one of his many writings, and we have lots of things to look at here. Since 2009, he has been the Samuel Williston Lecturer in Law at Harvard Law School. In addition to being a bril-liant legal mind, he is devoted to his community and, as we saw the other night, to his family and to his faith. He spends his time coaching youth basket-ball and serving as a church volunteer, as well as mentoring in local schools. His mom was a schoolteacher and went to law school while she was a school-teacher and, eventually, became a judge. He takes these qualifications to the Court. I think this is an important part of our job—to advise and consent. Yet we have a lot of people who have rushed to a determination that they absolutely would not be for Judge Kavanaugh. I think a majority is likely to come to the determination that we should be for Judge Kavanaugh. I look forward to visiting with him over the next few days. I look forward to learning more about his philosophy as a judge and how he thinks the Su-preme Court would be different and how his job there may or may not vary from being on that second-most impor-tant court in the country. My guess is he will say that it doesn’t vary at all. The job of a Supreme Court judge, just like the job of a court of appeals judge, is to apply the Constitution, apply the law, and not try to make the law or to rewrite the Constitution. I look for-ward to that opportunity. I look for-ward to looking at many of the judge’s opinions. I noticed two Pinocchios in the Washington Post today about one of the cases that has already been brought up—the determination of this argument about the right way to deal with a President while he is in office— certainly not a nuisance lawsuit. If the topic of a lawsuit is wrong, if it is the wrong thing for the President to do, there is clearly a way to remove the President. That is the point, I think, in what will be a much discussed law journal article that Judge Kavanaugh was making. He didn’t suggest that the law now prohibited a President from being indicted. He just said that there is a constitutional way to return a Presi-dent to the status of a private citizen, and then the President will have all of the same vulnerabilities that a private citizen would have if 200 Members of Congress filed a lawsuit. There is a place in the Constitution that says what 200 Members of the Congress should do if they think the President should be removed. That place in the Constitution does not say you should harass the President all you can about everything you can whenever you can. It is going to be an interesting debate for the American people. Once again, they are going to be reminded as to how important the courts are, as to the incredible impact of the appointing power and the nominating power to the Federal courts, and of the partnership responsibility and important impact that the U.S. Senate has. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I, along with the rest of the Senate, look 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JY6.031 S11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4900 July 11, 2018 
forward to going through the process with Brett Kavanaugh, who is an ex-ceptionally qualified judge. He has been described as a judge of judges. He is one to whom judges look around the country to see what he has written and what his opinions have noted. In fact, historically, the Supreme Court has also looked to his opinions on the cir-cuit court and has taken high notice of those and has quoted several of his opinions verbatim in Supreme Court opinions. This person has had a lot of respect for what he has done and how he has done it in the process. I have enjoyed getting a chance to meet his family and to have been introduced to not only his personal faith but to his pas-sion for people and his work with the homeless and other things that he has done for so many years. This will be an interesting process. Over the next 2 months or so, this body should do as it has done before with Justice Gorsuch and Justice Sotomayor—about 66 days for both of them as we worked through their nom-ination processes until we actually got to the final votes. We will see how this goes in the days ahead. I look forward to getting a chance to visit with Judge Kavanaugh in my office in the days ahead to ask him specific questions. I am reserving judgment on him until I have the op-portunity to visit with him personally and to finish going through all the opinions he has written. He seems like an exceptional can-didate. I look forward to walking through this process judiciously. 
IMMIGRATION  
Mr. President, I did want to mention today, though—and to step back a lit-tle bit from the immigration conversa-tion—there are a lot of issues with im-migration that we deal with on a reg-ular basis, but it is more conversation than it is solutions. It has been my great frustration that we talk about H–2B visas, refugees in asylum, talk about overstaying visas, temporary protective status, illegal entry, quotas and diversity lottery, and families. We don’t ever seem to re-solve the issue. We talk about it. The great frustration is, many of the issues we deal with right now on immi-gration are a direct result of Congress not fixing the issue. My encouragement to this body is to stop pointing the fin-ger at the President and ask a very simple question: Why is there con-versation about a zero tolerance policy and what does that really mean? In its most simple form, I think we could agree that if someone illegally crosses the American border into the country, they should be stopped and at least asked: Who are you? Why are you here? Because in the last year, 1.1 mil-lion people became legal citizens of the United States. They made legal appli-cations, worked through that process, received a green card, were evaluated with background checks, and became citizens of the United States. Today, on the southern border be-tween Mexico and the United States, there will be half a million legal cross-ings into the United States. The ques-tion is, for individuals who illegally cross the border, should we stop those individuals and ask: Who are you? What are you doing here? Why are you crossing into the country? Because not every person crossing into the country is just crossing for work that we would consider good work. Today, U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection released an announcement that the officers referred a 38-year-old male for further inspection as he crossed into the United States. Following a positive alert from a K–9 unit, officers seized 21 pounds of cocaine from the ve-hicle’s firewall. Not everyone who is entering the country is coming for a legal reason. Not everyone who is crossing our border is coming just to work. So the zero tolerance policy is really a question of should we stop in-dividuals to evaluate someone who is illegally crossing the border—not one of the half a million people today who will legally cross the border? If you are one of the individuals not crossing the border legally, should we stop you, and should we prosecute you? Previous administrations used what they called prosecutorial discretion. They have taken folks in, and they re-leased them into the country until they determined who to prosecute and who to not prosecute. This administra-tion has stepped up and said: Let’s take a moment where we are going to pros-ecute everyone and try to slow down the process. There has been a noticeable increase in something that a lot of people have not noticed, and that is the number of families coming across the border. Why would that be? It is not just individuals crossing the border as a family. It is in-dividuals who are bringing children with them to cross the border because they have been treated differently over the past several years. Over the first 5 months of this fiscal year, there has been a 315-percent in-crease in apprehensions of groups fraudulently claiming to be families. Let me run that past you again. This year, in the last 5 months, there has been a 315-percent increase in appre-hensions of groups who fraudulently claim to be families—not a 315-percent increase in families. These are smug-glers who bring a child with them be-cause they know if you bring a child with you, then you are treated dif-ferently at the border. Historically, you have been released. This administration has said to stop this. We are going to start prosecuting and try to figure out who is actually a family, who is not a family to figure out how to prosecute them because there has been such a dramatic change. The numbers are just increasing for family units that are coming. Let me run some of the numbers past you. According to Customs and Border Patrol, there is a 407-percent increase in the number of family units detained in June 2018 compared to June 2017. In May, it was a 600-percent increase. In April, it was an 863-percent increase. We are seeing a dramatic shift in the number of units that are coming at us. No matter your view on immigration reform, increases of this kind of mag-nitude should cause us to slow down and ask simple questions. Are the loop-holes in our law and the prosecutorial discretion to release families to show up later for a hearing causing more in-dividuals to pretend to be families or more families to come? I think it is causing more individuals to come who are coming not as a family unit but who are pretending to be a family unit, though we also have, obviously, family units that are coming as well. A key issue we need to address is pretty straightforward. Of the 1 mil-lion-plus people who come here legally, should we have greater respect for those individuals who have gone through the legal process? I believe we should. In fact, I had a small townhall meeting in Lawton, OK, just last week. There were lots of questions about keeping families together. I am one of those individuals who says, as often as we possibly can, the default position should be keeping families together, but for those individuals who were at this meeting in Lawton, all the ques-tions were about what are we doing about immigration. How are we han-dling this? How are we prosecuting this? Are we treating people humanely? Those are reasonable questions for us as Americans. At the very end of the townhall meeting, one gentleman asked me: What about legal immigration? He asked it in a very specific way. Are there issues we should deal with, with that? I followed up with him and asked: Why do you ask that? The reason he asked that is because he is a legal immigrant. He went through the process and is in his final stages. In fact, just the week before, he had received his green card. He is a lit-tle frustrated with people who are treated differently—who came into the country illegally versus people who are actually doing it the right way. It has been interesting to me to watch this whole movement about abolishing ICE and saying maybe we shouldn’t have ICE enforcement at all—no immigration and customs en-forcement at all. The entity was cre-ated after 9/11 because the 9/11 terror-ists were individuals who came into the country, overstayed their visas, and they were not stopped. ICE was created to help us with our immigration en-forcement because we had just been penetrated by a group of individuals who were terrorists and killed thou-sands of Americans. After that was created in 2003, there is now this big movement, as if we have lost all we have learned since 2001. Now there is a whole group saying maybe we just need to abolish ICE entirely. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JY6.032 S11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4901 July 11, 2018 
Let me run through a few things on that. Last year, ICE seized 2,370 pounds of fentanyl. That may not seem like a lot—just over a ton of fentanyl that they seized—but according to the DEA, 2 milligrams of fentanyl is a deadly amount to take in. Fentanyl is laced into heroin or into cocaine to dramati-cally increase the high, but if you have up to 2 milligrams of it, it is not going to increase your high. It will kill you. The amount of fentanyl that ICE seized last year is a deadly dosage amount for just over 537 million people; 537 million people could have been killed with just the amount of fentanyl that ICE seized last year. On top of that, ICE agents seized almost 7,000 pounds of heroin, and a total of 1 mil-lion pounds of narcotics were seized just in 2017. We also know that ICE freed 518 vic-tims of human trafficking. They freed 904 children from child exploitation. They picked up 800 MS–13 gang mem-bers as an arrest, and almost 5,000 gang members were taken off the street just by ICE. We hear a lot about ICE raids, as if ICE is wandering around neighborhoods looking to pick people up. I would like to remind folks, the majority of what ICE does is detain individuals at the border. In fact, last year, ICE agents removed 62,913 more people who were detained at the border than arrested in the United States. ICE agents are law enforcement. They are enforcing the law of our coun-try. It is quite remarkable to me to hear some people, even in this Cham-ber, discuss with seriousness abolishing Federal law enforcement that is taking human traffickers off the street, has taken gang members off the street, that is taking legal doses of fentanyl off the street, and taking tons of nar-cotics off the street. Why don’t we show them some respect? If there are things that need to be done to reform it, the ICE agents would be the first ones to step up to this body and say: Here are some ideas and things that can be done to reform it. Abolishing ICE is a ticket to lawless-ness in our country. As a reminder, the President asked Congress 21 days ago to enact legisla-tion that would allow families to stay together. This Congress has failed to act on that at all. As we all know, over the course of 1 month, roughly 2,000 children were separated from their par-ents and placed in HHS custody while the parents were referred to the De-partment of Justice for prosecution. A great deal of attention, rightly so, has been focused on HHS to ensure that those children are reunited with those parents, especially those children under age 5. To do this, HHS has to first verify that adult is actually the parent of that child. As I mentioned be-fore, just in the first 5 months of this fiscal year, there was a 315-percent in-crease of family units coming in that pretended to be family units but are really not family units. I heard a lot of criticism saying put that adult back with that child again. This should be easy, but it is not that simple. Many of those adults who came with that child are really not their par-ent. They were using them as a vehicle to get easy access into the country. What does that really look like? Well, let me give you a couple ideas on this. As we talk through the different numbers that are related to some of these children and how many of these children were connected or not con-nected with the adults who were with them, let me give you a few of these stats: Of those children who are 4 and under, 14 of those are not eligible for reunification because their parents have major issues—or those individuals claiming to be their parents. Let’s just talk about the people who are parents whom we know are parents. Eight of those parents had serious criminal history discovered when they did the background check, including child cruelty, narcotics, and human trafficking. One had a warrant for mur-der and robbery. So as Americans, we are not reconnecting those eight. Five adults were found not to be the parent of the accompanying child at all. These were of the children 4 and under. One of those individuals faced incredible evi-dence of child abuse in the process. We are not reconnecting those. I hear a lot in the news of individuals saying every one of those folks needs to be reconnected as fast as possible. I hear a lot of criticism, saying they are doing DNA testing of these individuals. They are trying to figure out if that adult is really the parent of that child or has that adult picked up a child somewhere through Mexico or Central America to use them as a tool to try to get into the United States? I only wish that wasn’t happening. It is. Reconnecting families is a major pri-ority. I said before, and would say it again, our default position should be keeping families together, but part of our struggle is determining who are the actual families we can keep to-gether and who are individuals who could very well do that child harm? So let’s do this: Let’s keep the atten-tion on the reunification of families. Let’s continue to ask very fair and rea-sonable questions of the administra-tion as they are reconnecting these families. But let’s also make sure this Congress actually acts on the issues that need to be addressed on immigra-tion. Twenty-one days ago, there was a re-quest in this body to deal with the issue of family reunification. It still has not been acted on. In February of this year, this body had a vote on dealing with what is called the Flores settlement. That is what causes the separation of these families. It is a settlement that goes all the way back to 1997. Every single administration since 1997 has struggled with the Flores settlement because the Flores settlement says that if you ar-rest a family illegally entering the country, the children of that family can be detained for only 20 days. That sounds reasonable, except that, on av-erage, it takes 35 days just to have a hearing. So since that settlement all the way back in 1997, every administra-tion has said: I either have to separate families, or I have to release those families into the country and hope they show up for a court hearing at a future date. By the way, we called and checked on some of the future court dates. If you are in line to get a court date—if you are released into the country and told to come in for a court date—the long-est period of time that you will wait, depending on the region you are headed to, is 4 years and 2 months from now. That is the next available date. So as a family unit, you are released into the country for 4 years, and then we hope you show up for your court date 4 years from now. This body knows all these numbers, and we have not acted to solve the problem. We need to address these issues. We need to be a country that continues to be open to legal immigra-tion. We need to be a country that is open to workers—even workers who cross the border on both sides, north and south. We need to be a nation that deals with things like H–2B visas and asylum and refugees. We need to con-tinue to keep the promise that we are a nation built on a set of values and the American dream that says: If you want to come and live under the law and live in a land of freedom, where you can become anything you want to become, you are welcome to be here if you come legally. We need to be that Nation, but we also need to not just ignore illegal im-migration and assume there aren’t real problems with gang violence, the movement of drugs, human trafficking, and child-trafficking, because they are real. Is it every family who comes across? Absolutely not. But are you OK with it happening at all? What if it is 1 in 10 who is child-trafficking or drug- smuggling? Is that an acceptable num-ber, or should we know the people who are crossing the border and know the issues that are there? We can do better than this. Let’s solve this. Let’s keep the debate going, and let’s actually resolve this in the days ahead. With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
ARDNER ). The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
NOMINATION OF BRETT KAVANAUGH  
Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, I rise to speak in opposition to President Trump’s nominee to the Supreme Court, Judge Brett Kavanaugh. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JY6.034 S11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4902 July 11, 2018 
In my home State of New York, more than 8 million people have health prob-lems. That is almost half my State. They are living with diabetes. They have had treatment for cancer. They have a childhood disease. Before the Affordable Care Act be-came law, if you had a health problem and you needed to see a doctor, health insurance companies were allowed to make you pay much more. The health insurance companies were allowed to turn you away. They were allowed to tell you ‘‘Sorry, you are not profitable for us because you are sick,’’ and they did it many times. Let’s not forget that included women who were preg-nant. But they can’t tell them that any-more because of the Affordable Care Act. The Affordable Care Act made that simple statement illegal. Now insurance companies must cover you if you are sick. They must cover you if you have had a health problem in the past. And millions of Americans are better off now because of that fact. So what does this have to do with the Supreme Court? President Trump has made it clear that one of his biggest goals as President is to destroy the Af-fordable Care Act. He has already tried hard to get Congress to repeal the law, and luckily for us, he failed. He failed because people don’t want their health insurance taken away from them. It is really that simple. Millions of Americans raised their voices and told Congress that if the Af-fordable Care Act were repealed, they would lose their insurance, and that would be devastating for them and their families. And Congress listened to them. But now there is a new challenge to the law in Federal court, and the Trump administration is refusing to defend the Affordable Care Act. When this case makes it to the Su-preme Court in a few more years, then the next Supreme Court Justice could be the deciding vote on whether the Af-fordable Care Act is overturned. That means the next Supreme Court Justice could have the power to decide that in-surance companies don’t have to cover patients anymore if they have a health problem. He could have the power to decide that insurance companies don’t have to cover you or your child any-more if your child is sick. Healthcare costs in my State have al-ready skyrocketed because of the fact that the Trump administration has at-tacked this law over and over again. But repealing the law would be abso-lutely devastating to so many families. More than 8 million New Yorkers could lose their health insurance or pay more for their coverage. So would millions more all across the country. I am very concerned that is exactly what Judge Kavanaugh would do if he were given this opportunity. Just look at his record. When Judge Kavanaugh had a case before him that was attacking another part of the Af-fordable Care Act, he dissented in the case, and he said that even though the Affordable Care Act requires employers to cover birth control medicines for their workers, they shouldn’t have to do it if they don’t want to. He even took it so far as to say that if the President doesn’t like a law—if the President doesn’t like a law—then the President could ignore the law and ig-nore the courts. Listen to this one opinion. This will interest the Presiding Officer, I am sure. Tell me if you think this is sound judicial judgment. He wrote: ‘‘Under the Constitution, the President may decline to enforce a statute that regu-lates private individuals when the President deems the statute unconsti-tutional, even if a court has held or would hold the statute constitutional.’’ Anyone with the most basic under-standing of how the constitutional sys-tem of government works in this coun-try knows that this is not what our Founding Fathers intended. If this judge is confirmed, then there is a dangerously high likelihood that he will strike down the Affordable Care Act. We must not go back to the days when an insurance company could charge a person more just because they have health problems. We cannot go back to the days when an insurance company could say no to a patient be-cause they could say: You are just not going to make us enough money. We must listen to our constituents— listen to the millions of men, women, and children all across this country who need access to basic healthcare, and they cannot afford to lose their in-surance. We must reject this nominee. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
RESERVOIR PROJECT IN FLORIDA  
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I re-ceived very good news for Florida this morning. The Army Corps of Engineers has signed off on a long-awaited report that will allow Congress to authorize a new reservoir project south of Lake Okeechobee in the upcoming Water Re-sources Development Act—what we refer to as the water bill. Many of us in Florida have been pushing the Army Corps and the Trump administration to approve this project for months and months. Last week I was in the area of Lake Okeechobee visiting with folks affected by the algae blooms on the west coast over in Fort Myers on the Caloosahatchee River and on the east coast in Stuart on the St. Lucie River. They are facing a problem that seems to repeat itself almost every year. The heat of summer and the excess nutrients in the water—put those to-gether, and you get the algae blooms that suck the oxygen out of the river, making it a dead river because there is not enough oxygen in the water for the fish. There was a similarly bad algae bloom back in 2016, in 2013, and many times in years past. The pollution in Lake Okeechobee created a toxic brew of a blue-green algae that blooms and that at one point this summer covered 90 percent of Lake Okeechobee. Because the lake has risen to a 141⁄2-foot level, the Army Corps will most likely have to resume releasing water to the east in the St. Lucie and to the west in the Caloosahatchee because of the pressure on the dike around Lake Okeechobee. Thus, here we go again—more nutrient- laden water flowing into these water-ways in the heat of summer, and then the algae blooms just keep going and going. There is one of many projects that can help, which is definitely a step in the right direction. The reservoir project that the Army Corps approved today is so critical because once it is constructed, it will provide storage so that the Corps doesn’t have to dis-charge as much water to the east and to the west. When you combine that with the fact that just last week, the Army Corps, through the White House budget office, let us know they have approved the funds to strengthen the dike and accelerate its construction— the combination of these kinds of things is going to help, so that the Army Corps of Engineers doesn’t have to release that nutrient-rich water, which will cause the algae blooms. This reservoir to the south of the lake will include water treatment fea-tures so that the water can be cleaned as well as stored before it is sent far-ther south in the long journey that Mother Nature intended—sending that water in a slow, gravity-drained, south-ward flow through the river of grass otherwise known as the Florida Ever-glades. Many of us were cheering the news today that this project will be ready for inclusion in the water bill, which the Senate will be taking up per-haps next week. It was interesting tim-ing to get the Corps of Engineers’ re-port so that we could get this project in as a part of the overall Everglades restoration project. 
REMEMBERING NATHANIEL REED  
Unfortunately, Mr. President, we re-ceived the very somber, sad news this afternoon that one of our great Ever-glades restoration advocates, Nathan-iel Reed, has passed away. Nat Reed leaves behind a long legacy as an envi-ronmental champion. Nat served as environmental adviser to Governor Claude Kirk beginning in 1967. In 1971, he became Assistant Sec-retary of the Interior for Fish, Wildlife and National Parks under President Nixon and stayed in that position through the Gerald Ford Presidency. Nat returned to Florida in 1977 and continued his career in public service by working under seven different Gov-ernors in various capacities, including 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JY6.036 S11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4903 July 11, 2018 
chairman of the Commission on Flor-ida’s Environmental Future, which was instrumental in the land acquisition projects that we now know as Ever-glades restoration. He also served as a board member for the National Audu-bon Society, the Nature Conservancy, the National Parks Conservation Asso-ciation, and the Natural Resources De-fense Council, as well as the National Geographic Society. One of Nat Reed’s most passionate projects was to expedite construction of this reservoir south of Lake Okee-chobee—the project the Army Corps approved today. I had spoken to Nat numerous times about this important project and about our shared goal of re-storing the Everglades. We have lost a real environmental champion who was bipartisan in his ap-proach. I mentioned that he served seven Governors. It didn’t make any difference whether the Governor was a Republican or a Democrat—Nat was about restoring as much of Mother Na-ture as possible back to its functioning self. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to have printed in the R
ECORD a column written by Nat in 2012 that lays out the history of the Everglades’ envi-ronmental problems and how we can fix them. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From TC Palm, Nov. 25, 2012] N
ATHANIEL REED: DON’TBLAME THE ARMY C
ORPS OF ENGINEERS FOR OKEECHOBEE , EV-
ERGLADES WOES Until a few weeks ago, billions of gallons of polluted water was flowing into the St. Lucie River, the Indian River and the Caloosahatchee Estuary from Lake Okee-chobee. The environmental damage is massive. After four years of drought and no large re-leases of excess water from Lake Okee-chobee, the near record rainy season again has quickly filled the lake. Every time there is a wet tropical storm or series of hurri-canes such as those that hit Florida in 2004– 05, the lake rapidly rises 3–4 feet within days, threatening the Hoover Dike and the com-munities south of the lake. The Corps has no options. It must reduce the water level in Lake Okeechobee in case of a potential wet hurricane, common in even October like Hurricanes Wilma and Isaac. Before we collectively blame the Corps for the incredible damage that is being inflicted on our once productive waters, especially the remarkable recovery of seagrasses and in-land fisheries since the Okeechobee flood gates were last opened in 2010, we collec-tively need a short history lesson and then a firm guide on how to stop these all too fre-quent environmental outrages. The great Everglades ecosystem has been brutalized by a number of thoughtless deci-sions. The private construction of Tamiami Trail by the Collier family to open up Naples to east coast tourists in the 1915–20’s formed a dike preventing natural water flow from the northern Everglades marshes into what have become Everglades National Park and the great fishery of Florida Bay. Although there are gated discharge struc-tures and culverts under Tamiami Trail, they allow a fraction of the excess rain water to flow south as the everglades system once functioned. Water is backed up throughout the Florida Everglades known as water con-servation areas. Overly high water is inundating the unique ‘‘Tree Islands,’’ a major feature of the ever-glades system which provides essential habi-tat for deer and other mammals indigenous to the Everglades during times of excessive rain water. The Tree Islands also are ‘‘sacred sites’’ for the Miccosukee Native Americans. Before the 1928 great hurricane that de-stroyed the small dike that then surrounded much of Lake Okeechobee, small farming communities grew around the south side of the lake. Winter vegetables were the main crop, but thousands of acres were devoted to raising cattle on the lush grass that the muck fields provided. U.S. Sugar grew a total of 50,000-plus acres of sugar cane. Their main profit was made from the sale of some of the finest Brahma cattle raised in the world for warm weather cattle ranches in Cuba, Central America and South America. The King Ranch had a similar operation for their famous crossbred cattle. The low dike failed during a 1926 hurricane, and once again in 1928, drowning 3,000 people. President Herbert Hoover requested the Con-gress to pass legislation authorizing the con-struction of a high dike around Lake Okee-chobee. When there were long, wet summer rain seasons and fall hurricanes in the 1940s, ex-cess water flowed through the Everglades and even over Tamiami Trail into what is now the Everglades National Park. The Corps of Engineers studied the average size of Lake Okeechobee and designed a dike to surround it. The dike was made from local sand and gravel. The Corps then made a fate-ful engineering decision to cut off the nat-ural flow-way from Lake Okeechobee to the downstream Everglades and dump it more ‘‘efficiently’’ to the east and west estuaries. Perhaps the nearly 700,000 acres now known as the Everglades Agricultural Area of rich organic soils—the byproduct of cen-turies of dying marsh grasses—was the in-centive, but this error in judgment has cre-ated a conflict that will continue until suffi-cient land is acquired to restore a flow-way from Lake Okeechobee to the northern Flor-ida Everglades and is then allowed to flow south and under Tamiami Trail into Ever-glades National Park. The decision by the power brokers to per-suade the then-governor of Florida and the congressional delegation to dredge the Kis-simmee River to allow drainage in the head-waters of Lake Okeechobee was an ecological disaster. Thousands of acres of wetlands that served as storage for Lake Okeechobee and slowed down rain-driven floods moving south into the Kissimmee chain of lakes allowed developers to sell real estate around those lakes, guaranteeing an unnatural low water level. The Kissimmee chain of lakes during high rainfall periods used to hold billions of gallons of water that was slowly released down the Kissimmee into Lake Okeechobee naturally. The wetland marshes flanking the Kissimmee’s two-mile-wide flood plain were wildlife treasures that were drained and turned into cattle pastures when the project was completed. Excessive rainwater then flowed at unnatural speed into the lake, rais-ing it to dangerous levels and carrying a pol-lution-filled muck that now covers half the lake’s bottom. The Caloosahatchee River first was con-nected to Lake Okeechobee by Hamilton Disston, one of Florida’s pioneer speculators who envisioned steamboats moving up from Ft. Myers and then the Kissimmee River to pick up winter crops and bring their loads back to Ft. Myers for shipment north. After about 10 years, the St. Lucie Canal was completed in 1926 to provide easy access from the lake to Stuart, where ships would carry vegetables and fruit to the upper east coast and provide access for the east to the west coast for pleasure boats. It did not take any length of time for the Corps to realize that an overflowing Lake Okeechobee threatened the ‘‘suspect con-struction’’ of the Hoover Dike and that the two outlets—the St. Lucie Canal and the Caloosahatchee River—would serve as escape valves whenever there was excessive rainfall and a rising lake that could threaten the in-tegrity of the Hoover Dike, especially on the south side, where farming communities had grown in size. With the connection to the Ev-erglades now severed, the present day colo-nel of the Corps of Engineers and his staff have no options other than releasing billions of gallons of water that is polluted from years of agricultural back-pumping from the Everglades Agricultural Area and now large amounts of nutrients flowing down the Kis-simmee and the other headwaters of the lake. During his tenure, Gov. Bob Graham an-nounced in the early 1980s a major effort to restore the Everglades system. Each succes-sive governor has made a contribution to-ward that goal. The state has spent $1.8 bil-lion acquiring land to clean up the excess water flowing from the 500,000 acres of sugar cane—a crop that enjoys a federal taxpayer guaranteed price. The amount of cane sugar that is permitted to be imported into the United States is controlled by the sugar car-tel to guarantee them maximum profit. Their leadership is unrelenting in its efforts to produce maximum profits at the Ever-glades’ expense. Unless excessive Lake Okeechobee water is cleansed through a vast series of pollution- control artificial marsh systems built prin-cipally by the taxpayers of the 16 counties of South Florida for the sugar cane and winter crop growers, drainage cannot be allowed to flow into the Everglades, as it will change the botanical makeup of the River of Grass within months. So where are we? Before the flow way and the pollution con-trol marshes are built and are operational, additional storage—both upstream in the lake’s headwaters and within the Everglades Agricultural Area—must be acquired, and a number of other priorities must be ad-dressed. First, Tamiami Trail must be modified to allow massive amounts of water to flow southward into the park. A one-mile bridge and limited road raising are currently under construction. While this is a very positive first step, more needs to done! The trail needs more bridges and road raising (up to another 2 feet) so that it is protected when the Everglades and the lake are once again connected. Additionally, the southeast corner of the vast Everglades system known as Water Con-servation Area 3B has a vital role in deliv-ering Okeechobee and Florida Everglades’ excess water to flow under the proposed five- mile bridge. The Corps admits that when the eastern dike of Water Conservation Area 3B was constructed, it did not consider leakage to be a potential problem, as no one farmed or lived near the dike. Now, there are hun-dreds of acres of fruit trees and thousands of homes that could be impacted if the dike al-lowed significant seepage. This problem must be solved before excess water can be released into Everglades Na-tional Park, relieving the entire system of too much water which forces the discharges of billions of gallons of water down the Caloosahatchee and St. Lucie rivers. We also have some local problems that must be faced with private drainage systems 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JY6.037 S11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4904 July 11, 2018 
that drain millions of gallons of excess water into the St. Lucie River. Canals C–23, 24 and 25 were built at the urging of the Martin and St. Lucie County citrus growers and devel-opers, who wanted their lands drained at public expense. Together with the C–44 and the St. Lucie Canal, more than 498,000 acres drain through canals into the estuary and la-goon. These decisions have all combined to seri-ously add damaging amounts of polluted run-off into the St. Lucie and Indian rivers. There are plans to complete a pair of res-ervoirs? one on the St Lucie, the other on the Caloosahatchee? to capture local runoff, hold it and clean it before slowly releasing it to flow into the two estuaries. What is the hope for the two rivers that are being used as drainage escape routes? The federal and state governments must pay for the cost of modifications of the east-ern dike of Water Conservation 3B to prevent seepage. The Federal government should use fuel tax revenue to raise Tamiami Trail and build additional bridges to allow water to flow into ENP. The state of Florida must acquire signifi-cant amounts of additional land both north and south of the lake or, at minimum, en-forceable easements to contain excessive water until it can be leaked slowly down to the lake from the north and south through a flow-way into the Everglades system. The gross pollution of Lake Okeechobee must become a state priority. Recent phos-phorus loads to Lake Okeechobee have been in the 500-ton range, more than three times the goal of 140 tons. Today, estimates are that so much phosphorus has already been spread in the watershed to keep these heavy loads coming for decades. Today, nutrients from the EAA are less than 5 percent of the total into Lake Okeechobee. More than 90 percent is from the northern Lake Okee-chobee watersheds. The failure to control phosphorus runoff is shared by the Florida Department of Agriculture and the Depart-ment of Environmental Regulation. Agricultural and water utility interests must accept the fact that Lake Okeechobee’s level must be held below 16 feet and that ‘back pumping’ polluted water from the EAA even in times of drought must not be per-mitted. Lake Okeechobee cannot continue to be considered a sewer. Additional lands within the vast EAA must be acquired by the state and the South Flor-ida Water Management District to construct major additional storage capacity and pollu-tion control marshes that will dramatically reduce the nutrients flowing off the sugar cane plantations into the Everglades system. The sugar cane plantations should be forced to control and treat the thousands of gallons of polluted water on their land before they discharge it into the waters of the state. They should pay a far greater share for cleaning up their wastes for the needed addi-tional pollution control marshes. These are tall orders, but think for a mo-ment before we continue to rail against the Corps’ decision to lower Lake Okeechobee to protect the integrity of the Hoover Dike. Everything on my ‘‘must do’’ list rep-resents one week of the Afghanistan War ex-penses. Everything on my wish list is obtainable. Our congressional delegation has signifi-cant power in Congress. Our governor and Florida commissioner of agriculture are very persuasive with our legislature, even in times of recession. Despite the need to reduce the incredible national deficit, don’t you think manmade disasters like what is threatening our rivers and the Everglades ecosystem are worthy of national and state investments? Mr. NELSON. Nat recommended fo-cusing on projects like bridging the Tamiami Trail, which is U.S. 41—vir-tually a dike across the southern pe-ninsula of Florida. It is now being bridged, first with a mile-long bridge, and now—under construction—with a 2
1⁄2-mile bridge so the water can flow under the road into the water-starved Everglades National Park. He recommended focusing on projects like restoring the Kissimmee River to its natural meandering state. Half a century ago, when all the emphasis was on flood control, getting the water off the land, they took this meandering stream called the Kissimmee River that cleansed the water as it oozed south in all of the marsh grasses, and what did they do? They dug a straight ditch. Nat was one of the leaders in ad-vocating restoring the river to its nat-ural meandering state so that by the time the water gets to Lake Okee-chobee, it will have been cleaned up by natural processes. Both of those projects—Tamiami Trail and the Kissimmee River—are now well underway, and we are already seeing the benefits to the environment and to the wildlife. Nat also wrote about the importance of water storage and treatment projects both north and south of the lake—a refrain this Senator often re-peats as well. That is why I not only respect and appreciate so much what Nat contributed to our country and to our State but also loved him as a friend. His untimely death today in an accident in Canada is a huge loss. Nat and I had been so focused on advancing this new reservoir project south of Lake Okeechobee. It saddens me so much to announce this good news at the same time that I announce the death of one of the Nation’s true envi-ronmental champions. In the years to come, as we go about actually con-structing that reservoir, it would be a fitting tribute to name that project in Nat Reed’s honor. All we can do is try to continue his life’s work protecting Florida’s unique environment. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I spoke before the Fourth of July recess about two financial risks that are com-ing our way thanks to not getting any-thing done on climate change. One, of course, is the risk to coastal properties—not something the Pre-siding Officer has to worry too much about given his home State but some-thing that Rhode Island, the Ocean State, has to care a lot about and that the distinguished Senator from Florida and his constituents have to care a lot about. There is a point where rising sea lev-els intrude on the saleability, the mortgageability, and the insurability of houses. None other than Freddie Mac, the huge Federal housing corpora-tion, is predicting that there will be a coastal property meltdown. The other risk is that of a carbon bubble. There is a lot of talk in the economic literature about a carbon bubble. One recent financial study re-ports that ‘‘the potential effects of a carbon bubble on financial stability have been recently discussed in the academic literature and are increas-ingly on the agenda of [bank] regu-lators and supervisors.’’ Indeed, in an official statement, the Bank of Eng-land has warned that ‘‘investments in fossil fuels and related technologies . . . may take a huge hit.’’ That huge hit is the other side of a carbon bubble: It pops, and you have a crash. So let’s look at the prospects for not just a car-bon bubble but a carbon crash. There are several elements in the runup to a crash. Some of these we wit-nessed in the crash of the housing bub-ble back in 2008. When these conditions exist, we should take warning. One condition is whether you can trust the players. In the housing crash, the rating agencies were in bed with the banks, and you couldn’t trust their risk evaluations. The whole thing was cooked. The big fees the rating agen-cies were taking also took their eye off the ball, and they gave wildly erro-neous ratings to high-risk investments. So at the heart of the 2018 housing crash was a failure of trustworthiness. Can we trust the fossil fuel industry any better than those rating agencies? There is no reason to think so, and there is plenty of reason to think not. This is an industry that has been lying about fossil fuel’s effect on our climate for decades, and once you get used to lying about one thing, it is hard to con-tain the spread of the rot. Exxon even once gave its CEO the infamous, phony Oregon Petition, which urged the United States to reject the Kyoto Pro-tocol, to cite to shareholders at an an-nual meeting. I have spoken before about what I consider to be the untrustworthiness of Exxon’s response to the BlackRock shareholder resolution, which required Exxon to report the predicted effect of climate policies on Exxon’s business model. As fossil fuels are priced out of the market by renewable energy and as nations enact carbon emissions restric-tions, fossil fuel reserves now claimed as assets by energy companies may be-come undevelopable stranded assets. In a nutshell, Exxon seems to have wildly—indeed, so wildly, you can only conclude deliberately—overestimated the adoption of carbon capture utiliza-tion and storage, wildly underesti-mated the adoption of electric vehicles, and wildly underestimated renewable energy growth, all to reach its rosy conclusions that its assets were more or less secure. On the subject of trustworthiness, right now big oil companies are still being untrustworthy, telling the world they want a price on carbon, while at the same time telling their political fixers in Congress to kill any such thing. Who knows how much they push around their analysts and others who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JY6.013 S11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4905 July 11, 2018 
are curious about a carbon bubble. What we know is that trusting this in-dustry is asking a lot. That is condi-tion one for a bubble in a crash— untrustworthy actors. Condition two is market failure. Mar-kets usually correct and have a smoothing effect. If there is market failure, markets can go off course until the correction comes, and then the cor-rection is so immediate and so big that it amounts to a crash. There is market failure in fossil fuel that props up this bubble. Indeed, there are several. The biggest is that the fossil fuel industry rides on what the IMF calculates is a global multitrillion-dollar annual sub-sidy: $700 billion in subsidy every year in the United States alone, says the International Monetary Fund. That subsidy massively warps the operation of the market. There is also what appears to be a methodological issue. The oil industry is ordinarily measured financially by net asset value analysis. As one paper noted, this is an ‘‘industry valuation methodology [that] assumes full ex-traction of fossil fuel reserves.’’ A methodology that assumes full extrac-tion of fossil fuel reserves becomes a problem when the question is whether extraction of those reserves is even possible. There is also what I would call a ‘‘massiveness factor’’ at work here. Lehman Brothers and Bear Stearns were so massive that it was hard to imagine them vanishing, but they did. The market value of fossil fuel reserves that can’t be burned is around $20 tril-lion, according to the World Bank. That is such a big wipeout that it is hard to comprehend, let alone antici-pate. People wait until tomorrow. Then, the tomorrows pile up into a bubble, and then the crash comes when the first person panics and everybody runs. One other market failure is actually how the crooked political pressure of this industry is causing us not to focus on the 2-degree Celsius ceiling that sci-entists warn us about for global warm-ing, or, actually, safer yet is the 1.5-de-gree Celsius ceiling, which burning ex-isting reserves will blow us through. We cannot have both a safe planet and full extraction, and the fossil fuel in-dustry is choosing extraction. That political castle of climate de-nial will fall sooner or later. It is false. Not only is condition one met— untrustworthy players—but condition two is met: There is a massive, mul-tiple market failure in fossil fuel awaiting correction, which brings us to condition three: The energy market is undermining fossil fuels as a tech-nology. We are reaching a tipping point. Here is Lazard’s cost curve for onshore wind energy. It shows, over 8 years, a 67-per-cent decrease in cost. This line shows the cost of wind energy steadily declin-ing from 2009 until 2017. At the same time these wind costs were dramatically declining, utility- scale solar costs and rooftop solar costs also declined dramatically. This line represents rooftop solar costs. This line below it represents utility-scale solar costs. Again, there was a percentage decrease of 86 percent. New solar and wind energy projects are already becoming more economical than existing coal plants, as we just saw in Colorado. New solar and wind projects now compete on price with new natural gas plants, as a recent auction in Arizona showed. The cost trajectory for renewables continues steeply downward. When you compare U.S. wind and solar to other energy sources, you see the trend is clear, and here is the result. On cost, the lowest cost providers are onshore wind and utility-scale solar. More ex-pensive than them is natural gas. More expensive is coal. More expensive still is nuclear. That is not counting the subsidy. That is apparent price. This same trend is also happening globally. This graphic is prepared by the World Economic Forum, and it shows the same thing for renewables. In particular, here is the rapidly de-clining cost of solar photovoltaic. Here is the cost of coal, and here, right now, they cross over. We are at the tipping point, where it is cheaper worldwide to develop solar and wind than it is to burn coal. Stanford economist Tony Seba stud-ies economic disruptions, and he likes to see these two photographs. It will be hard to see from where you are. This is Fifth Avenue in New York City in 1900. If you look at the photograph, you can see that every vehicle there is drawn by a horse. In 1900, every vehicle was drawn by a horse. If you look very closely, it appears there is one leading- edge, non-horse-drawn vehicle. The whole street is filled with horse-drawn carriages and wagons in 1900. Thirteen years later, on Fifth Avenue in New York City, every single vehicle in that street is now an automobile. In only 13 years, there was a complete transition in transportation. If you were a har-ness maker, this was a tough transi-tion for you. In just 13 years, the world changed, illustrating the point that major economic disruptions can take place fast. Think land lines and cell phones, if you want a modern example. People still ride horses, and they probably always will, but our transpor-tation sector shifted rapidly from horse-drawn conveyance to auto-mobiles because horse-drawn convey-ance was an antiquated technology that got left behind. People still have landlines. I have one at home. We hard-ly ever use it. The communications in-dustry shifted rapidly, as antiquated landline technology got left behind. As the energy market shifts to clean-er, cheaper, more efficient renewable technologies, fossil fuels soon will not compete in the marketplace. There is our third condition: not just untrustworthy players, not just mar-ket distortion, but also a technological tipping point making the fossil fuel technology obsolete. There is a fourth condition. This fourth condition basically puts an ac-celerator on condition three in certain sectors of the energy market. Condi-tion four is based on the fact that the marginal cost of production of a unit of fossil fuel energy varies considerably. Some fuels are low cost and high cost to produce. Some geographical loca-tions are low cost and high cost loca-tions. In this variance, coal is pretty much dead already at the hands of oil and gas, purely because of cost. We can set coal aside for a moment. In the world’s oil markets, much of this cost of production variant is masked right now by energy cartels that prop up the price of oil. Cartel be-havior to prop up the price of your product makes economic sense if you can maintain monopoly pressure to prop up the price, but it also only makes sense for the cartel participants if you can anticipate that you can sell your product out into the future. You hold back your output to drive up price and to maximize your return in the hopes that in the future you will be able to keep doing the same thing and you will be able to sell your product. If you are not sure that there will be another day to sell your product at the propped-up price, you start to get anx-ious about your product becoming stranded and about your product be-coming valueless. At that point, it doesn’t make sense to engage in cartel behavior. What makes sense is to maxi-mize your output and to sell as much as you can while your commodity still has value—basically, to have a fire sale. Low-cost fossil fuel energy producers would be rational to drop their prices and maximize their market-share, fire- sale pricing while their fossil fuel still has value. Get the dammed stuff out the door while you still can. That be-havior—dropping the cost, pricing at your marginal cost of production, and selling as much of your product as you can—will fend off the inevitable for low-cost producers for a while. How-ever, for those producers that can’t match that fire-sale price, the down-ward trajectory of their crash steepens catastrophically. As soon as you can’t produce not at the cartel price but at the lowered fire-sale price—as soon as you cannot meet that price—you are out of business. There still is a fossil fuel market. You are just not in it. The bad news for the United States is that this is where much of our market is. Economists looking at this carbon bub-ble mess warn that high-cost regions like the United States could ‘‘lose al-most their entire oil and gas industry.’’ Let me quote that again: ‘‘lose almost their entire oil and gas industry.’’ To recap about a fossil fuel ‘‘carbon bubble,’’ the players aren’t trust-worthy; the fossil fuel markets aren’t efficient in the economic sense; fossil fuels as a technology are now tipping into being obsolete, priced out by re-newables; and our U.S. industry is par-ticularly vulnerable to an accelerated market meltdown when the tide shifts. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JY6.039 S11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4906 July 11, 2018 
Those four conditions don’t make a great scenario. That is a warning we need to start considering. What should we do? Everyone seems to agree on two safe-ty measures. First, there is one sen-sible hedge: Don’t invest all in fossil fuel. Invest more in renewables. Be on the winning side of the shift. Start making carburetors, not just a mule harness. There is also one important, sensible economic strategy; that is, to manage the transition. As one paper on this subject con-cluded, ‘‘The issue of concern is the lack of any transitional strategy. . . . Inadequate, conflicting or slow re-sponses to climate change in invest-ment and finance can entail risks that could be avoided under a more orderly transition.’’ You could equate it to jumping out of an airplane. You are going to end up on the ground anyway. Wouldn’t you like a parachute to make it a gentler and more survivable voyage? What is the parachute but a transition plan for managing this shift? The best one is a price on carbon. This takes us back to the discredit-able conduct of the fossil fuel industry, which, far from leading through this transition, far from trying to build itself a parachute, is busily still trying to deny that there is any such transi-tion, including, in my view, their false-ly reporting to shareholders that this is all going to be OK, and we are going to be able to extract and sell all of our reserves. This is an industry that is still fighting like a wounded bear to prevent anyone from organizing the or-derly transition they need. At some point, there has to be a grownup in the room. The fossil fuel in-dustry has shown no capacity for that role, which makes it up to us in Con-gress to help America prepare for both the predicted crash in coastal property values, as sea level begins to enter the mortgage and insurance horizon for those properties, and the predicted car-bon bubble we see coming and that economists write about coming that we can manage our way through if we are responsible. In that regard, it is time for us to wake up. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
NOMINAION OF BRETT KAVANAUGH  
Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, there was a time when Blacks and Whites couldn’t get married or go to the same school. The Supreme Court changed that. There was a time when gay peo-ple could be arrested for loving one an-other and when it was illegal for them to get married. The Supreme Court changed that. There was a time when thousands of women died from having illegal, unsafe abortions. The Supreme Court changed that. The Justices on the Supreme Court matter to each and every one of our lives. That is why there is so much concern over President Trump’s nomi-nee to fill the vacancy on the Supreme Court—Judge Brett Kavanaugh. Rightwing groups, like the Heritage Foundation and the Federalist Society, have been working for decades to set the stage to pack our Federal courts with ideologically driven conserv-atives. They have invested millions of dollars and decades of time in this ef-fort. These two organizations have played the primary role in vetting and selecting Donald Trump’s nominees to the Supreme Court. By including Judge Kavanaugh on their list of potential nominees, these two organizations cer-tainly expect that he will reflect their own ideological perspectives, which in-clude overturning Roe v. Wade and re-pealing the Affordable Care Act, the ACA. They certainly expected Neil Gorsuch—another name on their list— to do the same when he got on the Su-preme Court. In the short time he has been on the Court, Justice Gorsuch has not disappointed them. Is it any wonder that millions of peo-ple across the country are raising con-cerns over the nomination of yet an-other nominee on the Federalist Soci-ety and Heritage Foundation’s wish list? Isn’t it reasonable to conclude that Judge Kavanaugh will also reflect the ideological agendas of these organi-zations? This is why Judge Kavanaugh does not deserve the benefit of the doubt. He has the exceptionally high burden of proof to assure the American people he can be fair and objective. The Senate has a constitutional obligation that is equal to the President’s to vet a Presi-dent’s nominee to the Supreme Court and fulfill its advice and consent obli-gation responsibilities. I take this re-sponsibility seriously because a fight for the future of the Supreme Court will have ramifications for so many issues that we care about. Our Federal courts have been at the center of the Republican Party’s strat-egy to dismantle, gut, and weaken the Affordable Care Act, the ACA, since it was passed over 8 years ago. The Su-preme Court narrowly upheld the con-stitutionality of the ACA’s core provi-sions in 2012. The ACA provides afford-able, accessible health insurance to millions of people in our country who would otherwise not have such insur-ance. But the Republican Party’s effort to sabotage this critically important law through the courts continues unabated. Right now, Texas and 19 other States have a lawsuit pending in Federal court that claims, among other things, that the Affordable Care Act’s protec-tions for Americans living with pre-existing conditions—illnesses such as diabetes, asthma, and cancer—are in-valid. The Trump administration filed a brief supporting Texas in its attack on the ACA’s protections for millions of people in our country with pre-existing conditions. This case will like-ly end up before the Supreme Court. If Texas wins its lawsuit, the healthcare of millions of Americans will be at stake—meaning one in four Americans could either lose their health coverage or pay exponentially more for healthcare. The outcome of this case is personal to millions of Americans and their families, and it is certainly personal to me. A little over 1 year ago, I was diag-nosed with kidney cancer. I was fortu-nate. I have health insurance that al-lows me to focus on fighting my illness rather than worrying about how I will pay for my treatment. I now join the millions of Americans living with a preexisting condition—illnesses that don’t discriminate on the basis of age, gender, or political ideology. As this case makes its way to the Su-preme Court, the American people should not forget that Donald Trump and this administration have been openly hostile to the ACA, a law that has helped millions of people. In fact, the President has openly bragged about all the things he has done to gut the ACA. Does the President expect his nominee, Judge Kavanaugh, to protect the ACA? I don’t think so—quite the opposite. The next Supreme Court Justice will also play a determining role in the fu-ture of a woman’s right to make her own reproductive health decisions. I re-member vividly the stories of women dying in America, unable to access safe, legal abortions. The fight for re-productive freedom, prompted by these stories, was one of the reasons I got in-volved in politics. When I was in college, the first letter I ever wrote to Hawaii’s congressional delegation was about abortion at a time when our State legislature was debating whether to legalize abortion. Hawaii became the first State in the country to do so. Those of us who lived in a time before Roe v. Wade, when a woman was forced to have a child against her will, are deeply concerned about the future of a woman’s right to have an abortion, to have that freedom of choice. Throughout his campaign for the Presidency, Donald Trump repeatedly promised to appoint Justices to the Su-preme Court who would favor over-turning the core holding in Roe v. Wade. The Heritage Foundation and Federalist Society share this goal, and it is not a stretch to assume that the names they included on their Supreme Court wish list hold the same views. Judge Kavanaugh’s record on this issue is deeply troubling and of signifi-cant concern. Last year, Judge Kavanaugh issued a dissent in a case that granted a 17-year-old immigrant in the custody of the Department of Health and Human Services, HHS, the right to get an abortion. Kavanaugh argued in his dissent that holding the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JY6.040 S11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4907 July 11, 2018 
young woman in custody, refusing to release her for a medical appointment for a procedure until HHS was able to find her a sponsor who would serve as a foster parent, was not an undue burden under the Supreme Court’s legal test. He did not consider holding someone in government custody to be an undue burden. This is the view of someone who will not follow the law as it is cur-rently set forth by the Supreme Court if confronted with challenges to Roe. Let us remember, it is the Supreme Court that sets precedent, and that can happen if Judge Kavanaugh is on the Court. Really, his dissent in this case is a view of someone chosen for a rea-son, ready to fulfill Donald Trump’s campaign promise to see Roe v. Wade overturned. This fight matters. Who sits on our courts matters. How we exercise our constitutional duty to examine a nomi-nee for the highest Court in our land matters. Just as well-financed conserv-ative interests have spent decades set-ting the stage for the court packing going on today, those of us who oppose this agenda need to mobilize, resist, and stay engaged for the long haul in the fight for a fair and independent ju-diciary. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE OVERSIGHT  
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I come to the floor today to discuss the continuing need for addressing hard- hitting oversight of the Department of Defense. That need for oversight is as great today as it ever was. Waste is alive and very well at the Pentagon. I have a poster, a blowup of a cartoon published in the Washington Post in 1985, during my early years in the U.S. Senate. It shows Ernie Fitzgerald, a fa-mous whistleblower, confronting what are quite obviously his chief adver-saries, the big spenders at the Pen-tagon. As a senior Air Force official, Ernie Fitzgerald committed a crime. He says he ‘‘committed truth.’’ Ernie Fitz-gerald is famous for, in 1968, exposing a $2.3 billion cost overrun on the C–5 air-craft program. In those days, having a senior Pentagon official like Ernie Fitzgerald speak the truth about a cost overrun on a high visibility program was unheard of. In fact, it was dan-gerous. It was so dangerous that it cost Ernie Fitzgerald his job. That is why I like to call Ernie Fitzgerald the father of whistleblowers. The cartoon also depicts the infa-mous $640 toilet seat that made history back in those days as one example of the terrible waste at the Defense De-partment. That happened in 1985, when I, as a first-term Senator, began watchdogging the Pentagon. After a re-port uncovered a $640 toilet seat and a $400 hammer, I began asking very tough questions, such as: How could the bureaucrats possibly justify paying such exorbitant prices? I am still wait-ing for a straight answer. A lot has changed since the 1980s. The internet, which was in its infancy in the 1980s, is now a part of everyday life. Mobile phones back then were once the size of bricks. Now those mobile phones can fit in the palm of your hand and do a lot more work than just making tele-phone calls. But one thing hasn’t changed in all those decades—wasteful Department of Defense procurement practices. Since I began my work on this issue, there have been 6 Presidents and 12 Secretaries of Defense, yet the problem of wasteful spending at the Defense De-partment keeps going on. Since those earliest revelations, there has been a steady flow of new reports on spare part rip-offs. No political party is im-mune from these horror stories. During the administration of George H.W. Bush, oversight efforts uncovered soap dishes that cost $117 and pliers that cost nearly $1,000. In some cases the Department of Defense admitted that some high prices didn’t pass the smell test. True, better deals were negotiated. People tried to make some changes, but to offset losses on lower prices, the contractors jacked up overhead and management charges, making the over-all contract price the same. Exercising oversight on these con-tracts is like working with a balloon. You know the famous balloon—when you squeeze it in one place, the prob-lem pops out someplace else. Under President Bill Clinton, a re-port by the Government Account-ability Office—we know it here as the GAO—revealed that one defense con-tractor paid its top executives more than $33 million a year, an amount that was reimbursed by the Federal Government as part of a contract. I happen to agree that a company has a right to pay its executives whatever it wants; however, when the govern-ment enters into cost-reimbursement contracts, those contracts in which the government directly repays the com-pany for costs incurred instead of pay-ing a fixed price, the contractor loses incentive to control costs, and top ex-ecutives draw sky-high salaries at the taxpayers’ expense. I introduced an amendment in the 1997 Defense authorization bill to curb executive compensation billed directly to the taxpayers, but as you might ex-pect, with the respect the Defense De-partment has in this body, that amend-ment was voted down. During the Bush administration in the early 2000s, I worked with the GAO to expose abuse of government charge cards by Defense Department employ-ees. We found some truly egregious ex-penditures—for examples, over $20,000 at a jewelry store, over $34,000 on gam-bling, and over $70,000 on tickets to sporting events and Broadway shows. In some cases, employees who spent thousands of taxpayer dollars on per-sonal expenses—way beyond anything that was an ordinary business ex-pense—were not only not asked to repay the money to the taxpayers but oddly were promoted and even issued new charge cards. Instead of being held accountable, it is quite obvious they were rewarded for their illegal activ-ity. During the Presidency of President Obama, I pressed the Pentagon to an-swer for a $43 million gas station built in Afghanistan. This project was re-vealed as part of an audit conducted by the Special Inspector General for Af-ghan Reconstruction. When I pressed for answers, the Defense Department responded by saying that the direct cost was actually only $5 million, but the number didn’t include the massive overhead costs charged to the project, which pushed the overall price tag up to that $43 million. Anybody anywhere else—outside the beltway—knows that doesn’t meet the smell test, and that is not even a commonsense answer to my overall question. How did we waste $43 million there? Even more alarming is what hap-pened to the rest of the $800 million provided for other business develop-ment projects in our efforts to help Af-ghanistan recover. Auditors could only find documentation to support about half of the money spent, leaving about $400 million unaccounted for. This kind of sloppy bookkeeping means we may never know how the rest of the money was spent. Was it used for unauthorized purposes or pocketed by crooked peo-ple? We will probably never know. Now, under the Presidency of Donald Trump, over 30 years since all this started with me, the overpriced air-borne toilet seat has really gained alti-tude. Instead of the $640 that this cost, the new pricetag was reported by the Air Force to be $10,000, and that hap-pens to be only for the lid of the toilet stool. Any American can tell you that $10,000 for a toilet seat cover is ridicu-lous. Americans work too hard to see their precious tax dollars flushed down the toilet. I asked the Department of Defense for confirmation that the seats cost $10,000. They still haven’t answered my letter, but after my inquiry, the De-partment of Defense has changed their story. They clarified to the media that they are now 3D printing the toilet seat lids for much less, but they never answered my questions. We don’t know how many seat covers were purchased at the $10,000 pricetag; we don’t know when they moved to 3D printing in-stead of purchasing; and we still don’t have documentation or official con-firmation on the true price of toilet seat lids. Even if the issue of the toilet seat has been sorted out, it is clear the De-partment of Defense still does not have a grip on spending. OIG reports have revealed that the Pentagon frequently overpays for simple parts and does not perform adequate cost analysis. One of the primary culprits for con-tinuing waste and misuse of tax dollars is the Department of Defense’s non-compliance with the congressional 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JY6.041 S11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4908 July 11, 2018 
mandate to pass an audit. The Depart-ment of Defense has a very bad record. It is impossible to know how much things cost or what is being bought when nobody is keeping good track of the money being shoveled out the door. For nearly 30 years, we have been pushing the Pentagon to earn a clean opinion on any of their audits. Way back in 1990, Congress passed the Chief Financial Officers Act, which required all departments of the government to present a financial statement to an in-spector general for audit by March 1992. All departments have complied and earned clean opinions except one and that is the Department of Defense. Instead of clean opinions, the Depart-ment of Defense has earned a long string of failing opinions called dis-claimers. It boils down to the fact that the books at the Department of De-fense are unauditable. In 2010, 20 years after that 1990 con-gressional action, Congress finally got fed up and passed a new law requiring the Pentagon to be ready for audit by September 2017. The Department was given 7 long years to get its act to-gether and to meet the same require-ments as every other Federal agency entrusted with public money. Obvi-ously, that deadline has come and gone like other deadlines have come and gone. According to the Comptroller and Chief Financial Officer, Mr. David Norquist, a clean audit is still at least 10 years away. That is 10 years of not being able to follow the money. If you can’t follow the money, you don’t know whether it is spent legally. There is a longstanding, underlying problem preventing the Pentagon from reaching the goal of a clean audit. This is the so-called feeder system. I will not describe a feeder system, but feeder systems are supposed to capture trans-action data, but those feeder systems are broken. Auditors cannot connect the dots between contracts and pay-ments. You can’t follow the money be-cause there is no reliable transaction data and little or no supporting docu-mentation. You tend to spend money without knowing what you even bought. The Pentagon will never earn a clean opinion until those accounting systems are able to produce reliable fi-nancial data that meet accepted stand-ards. Over the last 25 years, the Depart-ment of Defense has spent billions try-ing to fix these outdated accounting systems but with no success. How is it that the very mighty Pentagon can de-velop the most advanced weapons in the world but can’t seem to acquire something as simple as an accounting system? We need to get to the bottom of this problem and fix it. I am working with my colleagues on the Budget Committee to get the Gov-ernment Accountability Office to con-duct an independent review of the Pen-tagon’s effort to acquire modern ac-counting systems. What is the prob-lem? That is what we are trying to find out. Should the Defense Department keep trying to fix the antiquated feeder systems or is it time to develop new, fully integrated systems that can de-liver reliable financial information? We need and we want some answers. The Department of Defense is cur-rently attempting to conduct a full fi-nancial audit. Secretary Mattis has di-rected all employees to support the audit, and the results are expected in November. Although the new Chief Fi-nancial Officer appears to be making a good-faith effort to get a handle on the problem, he also happens to be spend-ing hundreds of millions of dollars a year for audits with a zero probability of success. It could be very wasteful spending that kind of money if they don’t have a feeder system in place. The first priority of our Federal Gov-ernment remains and ought to be na-tional security. We must ensure that our military forces remain strong enough to deter any potential aggres-sor and, as a result, preserve the peace. The men and women on the frontlines deserve fair compensation and the best weapons and equipment money can buy. We want to field the most capable military force in the world. Because national defense is so very important, congressional watchdogging of defense spending is very essential. We don’t want one sin-gle dollar to be wasted—not even a penny. Until the Defense Department is able to earn a clean opinion on a very reg-ular basis, we have no assurance that Defense dollars are being spent wisely and, most importantly, according to law. Report after report shows that precious Defense dollars are being wasted, misused, and unaccounted for. Reforms have been made, but very clearly the war on waste has not been won. Much more work needs to be done. From my oversight post in the Sen-ate, I will continue to apply pressure on the Pentagon to step up the war on waste. I don’t expect much help from the inspector general. Mr. Fine seems to be AWOL on waste. I raised the issue of the $10,000 toilet seat cover with him over a month ago and still haven’t re-ceived an answer. His office found the time to update the media about the toilet seat cover. Yet my letter has gone unanswered. However, after revelations about the $43 million gas station, Secretary Mattis’s reaction was sweet music to my ears. He issued an all-hands memo. In that memo, he stated flatout: I will not tolerate that kind of waste. Known for being a man of your word, Sec-retary Mattis, I am counting on you for your help. Maybe together we can wipe out the culture of indifference to-ward the American people’s money by the Pentagon. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
FAMILY SEPARATION  
Ms. CORTEZ MASTO. Mr. President, I want to share with my colleagues and the American people what I witnessed on a visit to a couple of immigration detention facilities on our southern border and the stories of the people, children, and infants being held there. On a visit to an adult detention facil-ity, I sat down with a group of six mothers whose children had been taken from them. One of them, Anna, had a 5- year-old daughter she brought with her to the United States. After witnessing a brutal murder in her neighborhood and receiving death threats in her home country, she decided to leave that country to keep her 5-year-old daughter safe. She traveled 3,000 miles to get to our southern border, and when she finally arrived, she thought: I am safe. I made it. I am going to tell them who I am and why I am here because I know I fi-nally made it to safety. She flagged down Customs and Bor-der Patrol agents thinking that they would help her, but when she did, CBP officials arrested her. They took her into custody, and then they separated her from her daughter. Anna’s daugh-ter was put on a bus and driven hun-dreds of miles away. As Anna was telling this story to me, every single one of the mothers began to cry. Anna told me this was the first time she had ever been separated from her 5-year-old daughter, and she had no idea—no idea—where her daughter was and what they were doing with her. All of the women, as Anna was telling me the story, had experienced the same thing. Each one of the women I spoke with had children under the age of 12 who were taken away from them. Their sto-ries were the same. They had all faced horrific gang violence and abuse in their home country and fled to protect their families. They had been raped and tortured. They saw loved ones killed before their very eyes. Another one of the women I spoke with, Griselda, explained that in her community, the gangs expect extortion payments every week from business owners, such as herself, and if you can’t pay, they come to your house and kidnap or rape or kill your children. One day, gang members came and started threatening her son. She knew in that moment she had two options: stay and watch her son die or pack up her children and run. I asked the group of women: Why didn’t you go to the police for help? They explained to me that the police in their country are just as corrupt as the gangs. In their country, there is no rule of law. There are no protections. If you want to save your children’s lives, your only option is to run, and that is what these women did. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JY6.043 S11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4909 July 11, 2018 
They came to the United States ex-pecting to find freedom and protection, but instead they were thrown in jail, and their children were loaded on buses and driven away. These parents want to now know, where are their children? When they asked me, I told them I didn’t have the information they need-ed, and that I, too, was asking the same questions, but I promised them I would take their stories back with me to Washington, DC, and share them with the American people. Because of President Trump’s inhu-mane family separation policy, we have almost 3,000 children separated from their parents. Their moms and dads just want to have their children back in their arms. Just recently, Secretary Azar testi-fied that there is no reason why any parent would not know where their child is located. Well, that is abso-lutely false. I spoke with 10 mothers and fathers who have no clue where their children are. They look at me with tears running down their faces. They pleaded with me to help them find their children. This administration gave no thought to the damage inflicted on these fami-lies, and they clearly had no plan for how they would reunite them. We have three different entities working to reunify these families. Two are under the umbrella of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection and Immi-gration and Customs Enforcement, and one under the Department of Health and Human Services, the Office of Ref-ugee Resettlement, but none of them are working together. As a result, the Trump administration has missed its court-ordered deadline to reunite young children under 5 with their par-ents. There are 102 children under 5 years old waiting to be reunited with their families, but as far as we know, only 4 families have been united. The Trump administration has been ordered to reunite up to 3,000 children with their parents by July 26, but they are on track to miss that deadline too. In the midst of all of this, HHS offi-cials discovered they have been holding a toddler, who may be a U.S. citizen, in detention for over a year. How could that be possible? How could the reunifi-cation process be so erratic, inefficient, and slow? This administration has been making excuses left and right, trying to pin the blame on anyone but themselves. They have suggested that the reunification process is slow because too many Mem-bers of Congress are taking tours of these detention facilities. I couldn’t help but laugh when I heard that be-cause I can guarantee you, I was not taking a tour when I tried to enter a children’s detention facility, and they locked me out. They would not let me in. I was not allowed in to check on the condition of these children or even to talk to anyone in charge about how they were taking care of children, tod-dlers, and infants—kids under the age of 12 who have been separated from their parents, many for the first time. I was there to find out how taxpayer money was being spent and how the kids were being treated, but the facili-ties manager locked the door and gave me the number for a communications director to call to seek assistance. With a handful of exceptions, most of my colleagues have also been turned away. The Trump administration is also saying they are having trouble locating some of the parents. Part of the prob-lem is, at least 12 of the parents with children under 5 years old have already been deported. Can you imagine that? Babies who can’t even speak have no clue where their moms and dads went, and they might never know. The Trump administration can’t pin the blame for this on Congress, Demo-crats, or anyone else. They are missing the deadline for one reason and one reason only: because they never made a plan to reunite these families. They never intended to. They didn’t have a plan 2 weeks ago, when I went down to the border, and they don’t have one now. They created this chaos with no plan to put the bro-ken pieces back together. They had to start from scratch try-ing to locate parents and children de-tained across the country, and now we are hearing heartbreaking stories of re-unification—toddlers who do not recog-nize their mothers anymore. The phys-iological trauma this administration has inflicted on these children will last a lifetime. So, today, I am calling on President Trump to finally do his job and provide us with a concrete plan. I want to see results, and I will not stop fighting until every child has been reunited with their parents. Stop making ex-cuses. Stop blaming Democrats for the crisis you created, President Trump. The other thing I keep hearing from this administration and from President Trump’s allies is, the Democrats want open borders. This is not about open borders. I support strong, secure bor-ders. I have spent my career fighting to uphold the law as the attorney general of the State of Nevada for 8 years, fighting to secure our borders. It is not about secure borders. We need a plan to reunite these families because this is about our values. This is about human rights. This is about who we are as a country, and separating families is not who we are. We do not tear babies out of their mothers’ arms. We have always—always—had a guid-ing principle when it comes to chil-dren: We do no harm. Whether they are Honduran children, Guatemalan chil-dren, Salvadoran children, or American children, we do no harm. I call on President Trump, abandon your inhumane, zero tolerance immi-gration policy; abandon the heartless decision to separate families. We should be looking for humane, cost-effective alternatives to detention for families fleeing violence. We don’t need the Department of Defense to build internment camps for babies, tod-dlers, and kids. Locking up families who are seeking asylum under the laws we have put in place to protect them will be a moral stain on our country for generations to come. President Trump, the American peo-ple demand that you explain how you plan to reunite these families you have scarred forever and whom you ripped apart. Work with Democrats to solve the refugee crisis in Central America. Don’t treat innocent parents and chil-dren as political pawns. Don’t turn your back on everything this country stands for. Thank you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. K
EN-
NEDY ). The majority leader. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate resume legislative session for a pe-riod of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
REMEMBERING ROGER L. SHERMAN Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I wish to acknowledge the loss of one of West Virginia’s brightest and recognize the life of a dedicated advocate, educator, veteran, and good man: Roger L. Sher-man. Throughout his life, Roger was known for his dedication to responsible forestry and the people of rural West Virginia. From championing economic development to advancing graduate- level education, Roger made signifi-cant contributions in the areas of pub-lic advocacy, education, and commu-nity service that benefit West Vir-ginians to this day. Above all, Roger was highly regarded as a man of con-science, whose integrity pervaded every aspect of his life and work. A veteran, Roger served in the U.S. Army for 3 years until 1969. He grad-uated from North Carolina State Uni-versity with a bachelor’s of science in forestry and went on to obtain a mas-ter’s degree in forestry from Yale Uni-versity. He joined Westvaco as public affairs forester in 1977, and from there, embarked on a more than 40-year ca-reer advancing the interests of private landowners in West Virginia. During this time, he served as volunteer chair of the legislative committee of the West Virginia Forestry Association, WVFA, a position he held for 38 years. He also received numerous awards and recognitions, including the Out-standing Service to Forestry Award 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JY6.046 S11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4910 July 11, 2018 
and the President’s Service Award from the WVFA and the Society of American Foresters’ John A. Beale Me-morial Award; and in 2011, he was in-ducted into the West Virginia Agri-culture and Forestry Hall of Fame. In addition to his storied career, Roger was an active participant in his community and various organizations. He was a board member of the West Virginia Chamber of Commerce and forcefully advocated for the interests of rural West Virginia, organizing the informal rural caucus in the West Vir-ginia House of Delegates. He also orga-nized and obtained funding for a grad-uate-level course in economics that he cotaught with professors at West Vir-ginia University. Above all, Roger was a man of faith and family. He is survived by his be-loved wife, Marlo, and son, Zachary, as well as his mother and sister. Roger’s love of forestry and West Vir-ginia lives on through the positive im-pacts he made on the State and count-less West Virginians. He approached his job with integrity and positivity, and I think I speak for many when I say he will be sorely missed. It was an honor to call him a friend and fellow West Virginian. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO BRIGADIER GENERAL MICHAEL T. HESTON ∑Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, today I wish to honor BG Michael T. Heston of Richmond, VT. This Sunday, July 15, 2018, Brigadier General Heston will re-linquish command of the Vermont Army National Guard and celebrate his military retirement. We are truly for-tunate to have such a dedicated leader as Brigadier General Heston serving in our Armed Forces, and I sincerely thank him for his 32 years of extraor-dinary service to Vermont and our country. Brigadier General Heston began his military career as an enlisted member of the U.S. Marine Corps Reserve. He received his commission from Vermont’s officer candidate school in 1990 as a second lieutenant and then swiftly rose through the ranks, reach-ing his current rank of brigadier gen-eral in 2014. Throughout his career, Brigadier General Heston has commanded at all levels, from platoon leader of an armor platoon to commanding the entire Vermont Army National Guard, lead-ing the women and men of the Green Mountain Boys in critical missions within our State of Vermont, as well as overseas, including three deployments to Afghanistan in support of Operation Enduring Freedom. His unwavering leadership and dedication has been rec-ognized with numerous awards and decorations, including the Bronze Star Medal with bronze oakleaf cluster, the Meritorious Service Medal with three oakleaf clusters, the Army Commenda-tion Medal with three oakleaf clusters, the Army Reserve Components Achievement Medal with silver oakleaf cluster and two oakleaf clusters, the Vermont Career Service Award, and many others. In addition to his military service, Brigadier General Heston served as a member of the Vermont State police from 1983 until his retirement in 2009. He has also served as the deputy adju-tant general of the Vermont National Guard since 2014, a position he will con-tinue to fill as he enters civilian life. We are fortunate to continue bene-fiting from Brigadier General Heston’s many years of experience as he men-tors leaders and members of Vermont’s National Guard and provides invalu-able advice and support to the adjutant general. There is no doubt that Brigadier Gen-eral Heston’s decades of dedication, leadership, and service will be long re-membered by a grateful State and Na-tion. I know his wife, June, their chil-dren Kelsey and Keegan, and his fellow members of the Vermont National Guard join me in congratulating him on his many accomplishments so far and wishing him well in the next phase of his career. The State of Vermont is lucky to count him as one of our own, and we look forward to his continued presence with the Vermont National Guard.∑ f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 11:18 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 1700. An act to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to reauthorize the SCORE program, and for other purposes. H.R. 1861. An act to award a Congressional Gold Medal in honor of Lawrence Eugene ‘‘Larry’’ Doby in recognition of his achieve-ments and contributions to American major league athletics, civil rights, and the Armed Forces during World War II. H.R. 2259. An act to amend the Peace Corps Act to expand services and benefits for vol-unteers, and for other purposes. H.R. 2655. An act to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to expand intellectual property edu-cation and training for small businesses, and for other purposes. H.R. 4537. An act to preserve the State- based system of insurance regulation and provide greater oversight of and trans-parency on international insurance stand-ards setting processes, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 5626. An act to amend the Inter-country Adoption Act of 2000 to require the Secretary of State to report on intercountry adoptions from countries which have signifi-cantly reduced adoption rates involving im-migration to the United States, and for other purposes. H.R. 5729. An act to restrict the depart-ment in which the Coast Guard is operating from implementing any rule requiring the use of biometric readers for biometric trans-portation security cards until after submis-sion to Congress of the results of an assess-ment of the effectiveness of the transpor-tation security card program. H.R. 5749. An act to require the appropriate Federal banking agencies to increase the risk-sensitivity of the capital treatment of certain centrally cleared exchange-listed op-tions and derivatives, and for other purposes. H.R. 5793. An act to authorize the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development to carry out a housing choice voucher mobility demonstration to encourage families receiv-ing such voucher assistance to move to lower-poverty areas and expand access to op-portunity areas. H.R. 5877. An act to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to allow for the reg-istration of venture exchanges, and for other purposes. H.R. 5953. An act to provide regulatory re-lief to charitable organizations that provide housing assistance, and for other purposes. H.R. 5970. An act to require the Securities and Exchange Commission to carry out a cost benefit analysis of the use of Form 10– Q and for other purposes. H.R. 6139. An act to require the Securities and Exchange Commission to carry out a study to evaluate the issues affecting the provision of and reliance upon investment research into small issuers. ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
The President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ) announced that on today, July 11, 2018, he has signed the following en-rolled bills, which were previously signed by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. M
CHENRY ) of the House: 
H.R. 1496. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3585 South Vermont Avenue in Los Ange-les, California, as the ‘‘Marvin Gaye Post Of-fice’’. H.R. 2673. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 514 Broadway Street in Pekin, Illinois, as the ‘‘Lance Corporal Jordan S. Bastean Post Office’’. H.R. 3183. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 13683 James Madison Highway in Palmyra, Virginia, as the ‘‘U.S. Navy Seaman Dakota Kyle Rigsby Post Office’’. H.R. 4301. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 201 Tom Hall Street in Fort Mill, South Carolina, as the ‘‘J. Elliott Williams Post Of-fice Building’’. H.R. 4406. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 99 Macombs Place in New York, New York, as the ‘‘Tuskegee Airmen Post Office Building’’. H.R. 4463. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 6 Doyers Street in New York, New York, as the ‘‘Mabel Lee Memorial Post Office’’. H.R. 4574. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 108 West Schick Road in Bloomingdale, Il-linois, as the ‘‘Bloomingdale Veterans Me-morial Post Office Building’’. H.R. 4646. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1900 Corporate Drive in Birmingham, Ala-bama, as the ‘‘Lance Corporal Thomas E. Rivers, Jr. Post Office Building’’. H.R. 4685. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 515 Hope Street in Bristol, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘First Sergeant P. Andrew McKenna Jr. Post Office’’. H.R. 4722. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 111 Market Street in Saugerties, New York, as the ‘‘Maurice D. Hinchey Post Of-fice Building’’. H.R. 4840. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JY6.036 S11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4911 July 11, 2018 
at 567 East Franklin Street in Oviedo, Flor-ida, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class Alwyn Crendall Cashe Post Office Building’’. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
The President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ) announced that on today, July 11, 2018, he has signed the following en-rolled bills, which were previously signed by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. M
ITCHELL ) of the House: 
H.R. 219. An act to correct the Swan Lake hydroelectric project survey boundary and to provide for the conveyance of the remaining tract of land within the corrected survey boundary to the State of Alaska. H.R. 220. An act to authorize the expansion of an existing hydroelectric project, and for other purposes. H.R. 446. An act to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydro-electric project. H.R. 447. An act to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydro-electric project. H.R. 951. An act to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydro-electric project. H.R. 2122. An act to reinstate and extend the deadline for commencement of construc-tion of a hydroelectric project involving Jen-nings Randolph Dam. H.R. 2292. An act to extend a project of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission in-volving the Cannonsville Dam. H.R. 5956. An act to incentivize the hiring of United States workers in the Common-wealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, and for other purposes. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 1700. An act to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to reauthorize the SCORE program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship. H.R. 4537. An act to preserve the State- based system of insurance regulation and provide greater oversight of and trans-parency on international insurance stand-ards setting processes, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. H.R. 5626. An act to amend the Inter-country Adoption Act of 2000 to require the Secretary of State to report on intercountry adoptions from countries which have signifi-cantly reduced adoption rates involving im-migration to the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. H.R. 5749. An act to require the appropriate Federal banking agencies to increase the risk-sensitivity of the capital treatment of certain centrally cleared exchange-listed op-tions and derivatives, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. H.R. 5793. An act to authorize the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development to carry out a housing choice voucher mobility demonstration to encourage families receiv-ing such voucher assistance to move to lower-poverty areas and expand access to op-portunity areas; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. H.R. 5877. An act to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to allow for the reg-istration of venture exchanges, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. H.R. 5953. An act to provide regulatory re-lief to charitable organizations that provide housing assistance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. H.R. 5970. An act to require the Securities and Exchange Commission to carry out a cost benefit analysis of the use of Form 10– Q and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. H.R. 6139. An act to require the Securities and Exchange Commission to carry out a study to evaluate the issues affecting the provision of and reliance upon investment research into small issuers; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. f MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR The following bills were read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and placed on the calendar: 
H.R. 2259. An act to amend the Peace Corps Act to expand services and benefits for vol-unteers, and for other purposes. H.R. 2655. An act to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to expand intellectual property edu-cation and training for small businesses, and for other purposes. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–5832. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Consumer Product Safety Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Standard for Baby Changing Products’’ (Docket No. CPSC–2016– 0023) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 6, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5833. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Consumer Product Safety Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Children’s Products, Chil-dren’s Toys, and Child Care Articles: Deter-minations Regarding Lead, ASTM F963 Ele-ments, and Phthalates for Engineered Wood Products’’ (Docket No. CPSC–2017–0038) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 6, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5834. A communication from the Dep-uty Chief, Consumer and Governmental Af-fairs Bureau, Federal Communications Com-mission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Misuse of Internet Protocol (IP) Captioned Telephone Service; Telecommunications Relay Services and Speech-to-Speech Services for Individuals with Hearing and Speech Disabilities’’ ((CG Docket No. 13–24) (FCC 18–79)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 29, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5835. A communication from the Asso-ciate Bureau Chief, Wireline Competition Bureau, Federal Communications Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Accelerating Wireline Broadband Deployment by Remov-ing Barriers to Infrastructure Investment’’ ((RIN3060–AK67) (FCC 18–74)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 2, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5836. A communication from the Asso-ciate Bureau Chief, Wireline Competition Bureau, Federal Communications Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Promoting Tele-health in Rural America’’ ((RIN3060–AK57) (FCC 18–82)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 2, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5837. A communication from the Chief Counsel, National Telecommunications and Information Administration, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revision to the Manual of Regulations and Procedures for Federal Radio Frequency Management’’ (RIN0660–AA35) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 2, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–5838. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–1099)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 3, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5839. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–0779)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 3, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5840. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–1421)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 3, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5841. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2018–0507)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 3, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5842. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–0904)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 3, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5843. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2018–0074)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 3, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JY6.015 S11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4912 July 11, 2018 
EC–5844. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier Inc., Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–1247)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 3, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5845. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0490)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on July 3, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5846. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–1020)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on July 3, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5847. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–1063)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 3, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5848. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Dassault Aviation Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2018–0117)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 3, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5849. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Aircraft Industries a.s. Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2018–1099)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 3, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5850. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc., Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–1246)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 3, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5851. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc., Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–1175)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 3, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5852. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Engine Alliance Turbofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2018–0501)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 3, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5853. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Pratt and Whitney Division Turbofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0817)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 3, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5854. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; International Aero Engines Turbofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0564)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 3, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5855. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Honeywell International Inc. Turboprop and Turboshaft Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–9450)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 3, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5856. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Gulfstream Aerospace Cor-poration Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–1163)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 3, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5857. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Gulfstream Aerospace Cor-poration Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0104)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 3, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5858. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Part 95 In-strument Flight Rules, Miscellaneous Amendments’’ ((RIN2120–AA63) (Docket No. 31201)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 3, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5859. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class D Airspace and Class E Air-space; Greenwood, MS’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0994)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 3, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5860. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class D and E Airspace; Van Nuys, CA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017– 0221)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 3, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5861. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class D Airspace and Establishment of Class E Airspace; Norman, OK; and Amendment of Class E Airspace; Oklahoma City, OK’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–0825)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 3, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5862. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class D Airspace; Burns Flat, OK; Revocation of Class D Airspace; Clinton- Sherman Airport, OK; and Amendment of Class E Airspace for the following Oklahoma Towns; Burns Flat, OK; Clinton; OK; and Elk City, OK’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–0618)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 3, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5863. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Duncan, OK’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0100)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 3, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5864. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Flint, MI, and Es-tablishment of Class E Airspace; Owosso, MI’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2018– 0020)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 3, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5865. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class B Airspace; San Francisco, CA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017– 0653)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 3, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5866. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class D Airspace and Class E Air-space, and Removal of Class E Airspace; Binghamton, NY’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–1061)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 3, 2018; to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JY6.019 S11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4913 July 11, 2018 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5867. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Kenansville, NC’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–1238)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 3, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5868. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Altoona, PA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0129)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 3, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5869. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Restricted Area R–2302; Flagstaff, AZ’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2018– 0520)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 3, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5870. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revoca-tion of Class E Airspace; Seven Springs, PA, and Amendment of Class E Airspace; Som-erset, PA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0610)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 3, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–5871. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revoca-tion and Amendment of Class E Airspace; Phillipsburg, PA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0755)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 3, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5872. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Modifica-tion to Restricted Area R–5601F and Estab-lishment of Restricted Area R–5601J; Fort Sill, OK’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA– 2018–0470)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 3, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5873. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revoca-tion of Restricted Area R–2530, Sierra, Army Depot, CA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0476)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 3, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–5874. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class E Airspace; Pago Pago, Amer-ican Samoa’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0082)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 3, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–5875. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment and Removal of VOR Federal Airways in the Vicinity of Lansing, MI, and Pontiac, MI’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017– 0724)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 3, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5876. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Modifica-tion of Air Traffic Service (ATS) Route in the Vicinity of Newberry, MI’’ ((RIN2120– AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0222)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on July 3, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5877. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Modifica-tion of Air Traffic Service (ATS) Routes in the Vicinity of Richmond, IN’’ ((RIN2120– AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–1144)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on July 3, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5878. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures; Miscella-neous Amendments (21)’’ (RIN2120–AA65) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 3, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5879. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures; Miscella-neous Amendments (62)’’ (RIN2120–AA65) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 3, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5880. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures; Miscella-neous Amendments (20)’’ (RIN2120–AA65) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 3, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5881. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures; Miscella-neous Amendments (102)’’ (RIN2120–AA65) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 3, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5882. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Updates to Rulemaking and Waiver Procedures and Ex-pansion of the Equivalent Level of Safety Option’’ ((RIN2120–AK76) (Docket No. FAA– 2016–6761)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 3, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5883. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Regu-latory Relief: Aviation Training Devices; Pilot Certification, Training, and Pilot Schools; and Other Provisions’’ ((RIN2120– AK28) (Docket No. FAA–2016–6142)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on July 3, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5884. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zones; Recurring Events in Captain of the Port Duluth Zone’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0102)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 2, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5885. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Atlantic Intracoastal Water-way, Surf City, NC’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0604)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 2, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5886. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; San Francisco Giants Fire-works Display, San Francisco Bay, San Francisco, CA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0507)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 2, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5887. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Atlantic Intracoastal Water-way, Swansboro, NC’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Dock-et No. USCG–2018–0612)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 2, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5888. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Lower Tchefuncte River, Mad-isonville, LA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0332)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 2, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5889. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Lower Mississippi River, New Orleans, LA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0606)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 2, 2018; to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JY6.021 S11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4914 July 11, 2018 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5890. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Gulf Intracoastal Waterway, Lafitte, LA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0514)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 2, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5891. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Lower Mississippi River, Re-serve, LA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0587)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 2, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5892. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Willamette River, Lake Oswego, OR’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0380)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 2, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5893. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Columbia River, Kennewick, WA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2018–0633)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 2, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5894. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Tennessee River, Gilbertsville, KY’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2018–0239)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 2, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5895. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Officer Lehner Memorial Vin-tage Regatta; Buffalo Outer Harbor, Buffalo, NY’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2018–0078)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 2, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5896. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Wine and Walleye Festival; Ashtabula River, Ashtabula, OH’’ ((RIN1625– AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0468)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on July 2, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5897. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Lakewood Independence Day Fireworks; Lake Erie, Lakewood, OH’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018– 0467)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 2, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5898. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Monongahela mile 32.0 to 36.0, Gallatin, PA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0611)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 2, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5899. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Fireworks Display, Delaware Bay, Lewes, DE’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0450)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 2, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5900. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Lower Mississippi, New Orle-ans, LA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0331)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 2, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5901. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zones; Marine Events held in the Captain of the Port Long Island Sound Zone’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2018–0333)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 2, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5902. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Se-curity Zone; Seattle’s Seafair Fleet Week Moving Vessels, Puget Sound, WA’’ ((RIN1625–AA87) (Docket No. USCG–2018– 0105)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 2, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5903. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Drawbridge Operation Regulations; Tech-nical Amendment; Removal of obsolete drawbridge operating regulations’’ ((RIN1625–AA09) (Docket No. USCG–2018– 0443)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 2, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5904. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Gulf of Mexico; Sara-sota, FL’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0316)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 2, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5905. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Wyandotte Invites, Detroit River, Trenton Channel, Wyandotte, MI’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2018– 0626)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 2, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5906. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Corpus Christi Bay, Corpus Christi, TX’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0340)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 2, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5907. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Corpus Christi Bay, Corpus Christi, TX’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0340)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 2, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5908. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘An-chorage Grounds; Saint Lawrence Seaway, Cape Vincent, New York’’ ((RIN1625–AA01) (Docket No. USCG–2017–1125)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 2, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5909. A communication from the Para-legal Specialist, Federal Transit Administra-tion, Department of Transportation, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Private Investment Project Proce-dures’’ (RIN2132–AB27) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5910. A communication from the Regu-latory Ombudsman, Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Process for Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Physi-cians To Be Added to the National Registry of Certified Examiners’’ ((RIN2126–AB97) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5911. A communication from the Chair-man and Chief Executive Officer, Farm Cred-it Administration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Organiza-tion; Funding and Fiscal Affairs, Loan Poli-cies and Operations, and Funding Oper-ations; Investment Eligibility’’ (RIN3052– AC84) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 9, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. EC–5912. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Pyroxsulam; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9978–15) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 9, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–5913. A communication from the Direc-tor of Cost Assessment and Program Evalua-tion, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the De-partment’s development of a plan for inte-grated overhead persistent infrared capabili-ties (OSS–2018–0766); to the Committees on Appropriations; Armed Services; and Select Committee on Intelligence. EC–5914. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readi-ness), transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Gina M. Grosso, United States Air Force, and her ad-vancement to the grade of lieutenant general 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JY6.023 S11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4915 July 11, 2018 
on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–5915. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readi-ness), transmitting a report on the approved retirement of General Darren W. McDew, United States Air Force, and his advance-ment to the grade of general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–5916. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readi-ness), transmitting the report of an officer authorized to wear the insignia of the grade of brigadier general in accordance with title 10, United States Code, section 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–5917. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition and Sustainment), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Report to Congress on Department of Defense Fiscal Year 2017 Pur-chases from Foreign Entities’’; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. EC–5918. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency that was declared in Executive Order 13441 with respect to Leb-anon; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. EC–5919. A communication from the White House Liaison, Department of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting, pursuant to law, three (3) reports relative to vacancies in the Department of Housing and Urban De-velopment, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 9, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–5920. A communication from the Sec-retary of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the annual report on the activities of the U.S. Economic Development Administra-tion (EDA) for fiscal year 2017; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5921. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of California Air Plan Revi-sions, Yolo-Solano Air Quality Management District’’ (FRL No. 9980–43–Region 9) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 9, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5922. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of State Implementation Plan Revisions; Colorado; Attainment Demonstration for the 2008 8- Hour Ozone Standard for the Denver Metro/ North Front Range Nonattainment Area, and Approval of Related Revisions’’ (FRL No. 9979–64–Region 8) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 9, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5923. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; AL; Section 128 Broad Requirements for Infrastructure SIPs’’ (FRL No. 9980–50–Region 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 9, 2018; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–5924. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Delaware; Interstate Transport Requirements for the 2012 Fine Particulate Matter Standard’’ (FRL No. 9980–62–Region 3) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 9, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5925. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; West Vir-ginia; Revised Motor Vehicle Emission Budg-ets for the Charleston, Huntington, Parkers-burg, Weirton, and Wheeling 8-Hour Ozone Maintenance Areas; Correction’’ (FRL No. 9980–36–Region 3) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 9, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5926. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of Nu-clear Material Safety and Safeguards, Nu-clear Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Miscellaneous Corrections’’ ((RIN3150– AK13) (NRC–2018–0086)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 9, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–5927. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of Nu-clear Material Safety and Safeguards, Nu-clear Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Consolidated Guidance About Materials Li-censes: Program-Specific Guidance About Self-Shielded Irradiator Licenses’’ (NUREG– 1556, Volume 5, Revision 1) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 9, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5928. A communication from the Regu-lations Officer, Federal Highway Adminis-tration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘National Performance Man-agement Measures; Assessing Performance of the National Highway System Freight Move-ment on the Interstate System, and Conges-tion Mitigation and Air Quality Improve-ment Program’’ (RIN2125–AF76) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–5929. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Report to Congress on the Medicaid Health Home State Plan Option’’; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5930. A communication from the Chief of the Trade and Commercial Regulations Branch, Bureau of Customs and Border Pro-tection, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Import Restrictions Imposed on Archaeological and Ethnological Material from Libya’’ (RIN1515–AE38) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 3, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5931. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the designation of a group as a Foreign Terrorist Organization by the Secretary of State (OSS–2018–0767); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–5932. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of firearms, parts, and components abroad controlled under Category I of the U.S. Munitions List of semi-automatic pis-tols to Canada for commercial resale in the amount of $1,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 18–035); to the Committee on For-eign Relations. EC–5933. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) and (d) of the Arms Export Con-trol Act, the certification of a proposed li-cense for the manufacture of significant military equipment abroad and the export of defense articles, including technical data, and defense services to Japan to support the manufacture of the Mk 45 Mod 4 gun system in the amount of $100,000,000 or more (Trans-mittal No. DDTC 18–030); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–5934. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of firearms, parts, and components abroad controlled under Category I of the U.S. Munitions List of automatic rifles, si-lencers, and spare parts to Indonesia in the amount of $1,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 17–108); to the Committee on For-eign Relations. EC–5935. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of firearms, parts, and components abroad controlled under Category I of the U.S. Munitions List of 12.7 x 99mm and 7.62 x 51mm machine guns with primary and spare barrels and accessories for Saudi Arabia in the amount of $1,000,000 or more (Trans-mittal No. DDTC 18–093); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–5936. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed transfer of major defense equipment of 25 F/A–18A/B air-craft, including spare parts and support equipment from the Government of Aus-tralia, to the Government of Canada with a sales value of $40,000,000 (Transmittal No. RSAT–18–6183); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–5937. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Army, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Annual Report to Congress on the Activities of the Western Hemisphere Institute for Security Coopera-tion for 2017’’; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–5938. A communication from the Execu-tive Secretary, U.S. Agency for Inter-national Development (USAID), transmit-ting, pursuant to law, two (2) reports relative to vacancies in the U.S. Agency for Inter-national Development (USAID), received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 9, 2018; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–5939. A communication from the Sec-retary of Education, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Pro-gram Integrity and Improvement’’ (RIN1840– AD39) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 9, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5940. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Health, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Policy for the Protection of Human Subjects: Six Month Delay of the General Compliance Date of Revisions While Allowing the Use of Three Burden-Reducing Provisions during the Delay Period’’ (RIN0937–AA05) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 18, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5941. A communication from the Offi-cer, Office for Civil Rights and Civil Lib-erties, Department of Homeland Security, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JY6.025 S11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4916 July 11, 2018 
transmitting, pursuant to law, the Depart-ment’s fiscal year 2017 annual report relative to the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–5942. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Peace Corps, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the Office of Inspector General’s Semiannual Report for the period of October 1, 2017 through March 31, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute and an amendment to the title: S. 1459. A bill to establish Fort Sumter and Fort Moultrie National Park in the State of South Carolina, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–295). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, without amendment and an amendment to the title: S. 1646. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of President Station in Baltimore, Maryland, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–296). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment: H.R. 2786. A bill to amend the Federal Power Act with respect to the criteria and process to qualify as a qualifying conduit hy-dropower facility (Rept. No. 115–297). By Mr. BURR, from the Select Committee on Intelligence: Report to accompany S. 3153, An original bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal years 2018 and 2019 for intelligence and intel-ligence-related activities of the United States Government, the Community Man-agement Account, and the Central Intel-ligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–298). f 
EXECUTIVE REPORT OF COMMITTEE The following executive report of a nomination was submitted: Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, for the Committee on Foreign Relations I re-port favorably the following nomina-tion list which was printed in the R
ECORD on the date indicated, and ask unanimous consent, to save the ex-pense of reprinting on the Executive Calendar that this nomination lie at the Secretary’s desk for the informa-tion of Senators. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
*Foreign Service nomination of Jason Alexander. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: By Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. D URBIN , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. S
ANDERS , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Ms. H AR-
RIS, Ms. D UCKWORTH , Ms. S MITH, and Mr. W
YDEN ): S. 3192. A bill to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act to update and modernize the re-porting requirements for contaminants, in-cluding lead, in drinking water, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. LEE: S. 3193. A bill to limit the establishment or extension of national monuments in the State of Utah; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Ms. WARREN (for herself, Mr. N
EL-
SON, Mr. W YDEN , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Ms. S MITH, Mr. L EAHY , Ms. H
ASSAN , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. D UR-
BIN, Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. H
EINRICH , Mr. U DALL , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , Mr. R EED, and Mr. M ERKLEY ): S. 3194. A bill to amend the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act to cap prescrip-tion drug cost-sharing, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. CARDIN: S. 3195. A bill to encourage greater commu-nity accountability of law enforcement agen-cies, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself, Mr. U
DALL , Mr. C OONS , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , and Mr. B
URR): S. 3196. A bill to defend economic liveli-hoods and threatened animals in the greater Okavango River Basin, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. By Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Mr. W
ARNER ): S. 3197. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to promote retirement sav-ings on behalf of small business employees by making improvements to SIMPLE retire-ment accounts and easing the transition from a SIMPLE plan to a 401(k) plan, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Mr. LEE: S. 3198. A bill to require annual reports on allied contributions to the common defense, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. KENNEDY (for himself, Mr. C
OTTON , Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. C
ORNYN , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. C AS-
SIDY, Mrs. H YDE-SMITH, Mr. C RUZ, Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. H ELLER , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. B
ARRASSO , Mrs. E RNST , Mr. D
AINES , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. C RAPO , and Mr. L
EE): S. Res. 572. A resolution supporting the of-ficers and personnel who carry out the im-portant mission of U.S. Immigration and Custom Enforcement; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 539 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
EL-SON) was added as a cosponsor of S. 539, a bill to designate the area between the intersections of 16th Street, Northwest and Fuller Street, Northwest and 16th Street, Northwest and Euclid Street, Northwest in Washington, District of Columbia, as ‘‘Oswaldo Paya Way’’ . 
S. 684 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 684, a bill to establish a national, research-based, and comprehensive home study assessment process for the evaluation of prospective foster par-ents and adoptive parents and provide funding to States and Indian tribes to adopt such process. 
S. 1121 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1121, a bill to establish a postsec-ondary student data system. 
S. 1278 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the names of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) and the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1278, a bill to provide for the admission of the State of Washington, D.C. into the Union. 
S. 1308 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the names of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) and the Senator from Min-nesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1308, a bill to increase authorized funding for the Soo Locks. 
S. 1503 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1503, a bill to require the Sec-retary of the Treasury to mint coins in recognition of the 60th anniversary of the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame. 
S. 1933 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1933, a bill to focus lim-ited Federal resources on the most se-rious offenders. 
S. 2037 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2037, a bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 regarding propri-etary institutions of higher education in order to protect students and tax-payers. 
S. 2101 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the names of the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. C
ORKER ) and the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2101, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the crew of the USS Indianapolis, in recognition of their perseverance, brav-ery, and service to the United States. 
S. 2109 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the name of the Senator from Minnesota 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JY6.027 S11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4917 July 11, 2018 
(Ms. S MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2109, a bill to count revenues from military and veteran education pro-grams toward the limit on Federal rev-enues that certain proprietary institu-tions of higher education are allowed to receive for purposes of section 487 of the Higher Education Act of 1965, and for other purposes. 
S. 2406 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2406, a bill to advance cutting- edge research initiatives of the Na-tional Institutes of Health. 
S. 2490 
At the request of Mr. S COTT, the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2490, a bill to amend the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974 to modify requirements related to mort-gage disclosures. 
S. 2835 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2835, a bill to require a study of the well-being of the newsprint and publishing industry in the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 2845 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the names of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ), the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ), the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) and the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LO-
BUCHAR ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2845, a bill to provide collective bar-gaining rights for public safety officers employed by States or their political subdivisions. 
S. 2946 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2946, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to clarify the meaning of the terms ‘‘act of war’’ and ‘‘blocked asset’’, and for other purposes. 
S. 3063 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 3063, a bill to delay the reim-position of the annual fee on health in-surance providers until after 2020. 
S. 3125 
At the request of Mr. R OUNDS , the name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3125, a bill to modify the H–2B nonimmigrant returning worker exemption. 
S. 3172 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3172, a bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to establish, fund, and provide for the use of amounts in a National Park Service Legacy Restoration Fund to address the maintenance backlog of the Na-tional Park Service, and for other pur-poses. S. 3178 
At the request of Ms. H ARRIS , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 3178, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to specify lynching as a deprivation of civil rights, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 61 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , her name was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 61, a resolution calling on the De-partment of Defense, other elements of the Federal Government, and foreign governments to intensify efforts to in-vestigate, recover, and identify all missing and unaccounted-for personnel of the United States. 
S. RES. 525 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. Res. 525, a resolution desig-nating September 2018 as National De-mocracy Month as a time to reflect on the contributions of the system of gov-ernment of the United States to a more free and stable world. 
S. RES. 557 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 557, a resolution expressing the sense of the Senate regarding the stra-tegic importance of NATO to the col-lective security of the transatlantic re-gion and urging its member states to work together at the upcoming summit to strengthen the alliance. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3393 
At the request of Ms. S MITH, the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 3393 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 8, a bill to provide for improvements to the riv-ers and harbors of the United States, to provide for the conservation and devel-opment of water and related resources, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Mr. W
ARNER ): S. 3197. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to promote retire-ment savings on behalf of small busi-ness employees by making improve-ments to SIMPLE retirement accounts and easing the transition from a SIM-PLE plan to a 401(k) plan, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, Ensur-ing that more Americans are better prepared financially for retirement is one of my top priorities. That is why I rise today to introduce the SIMPLE Plan Modernization Act with my colleague from Virginia, Sen-ator M
ARK WARNER . Our legislation will provide greater flexibility and ac-cess to both employees and their em-ployers seeking to utilize the popular SIMPLE plans as an option for saving for retirement. According to the non-partisan Center for Retirement Research, there is an estimated $7.7 trillion gap between the savings American households need to maintain their standard of living in re-tirement and what they actually have. A recent Gallup poll found that only 51 percent of working Americans believe that they will have enough money to live comfortably in retirement. Though this is the highest percentage of con-fidence in nearly a decade, we must continue to work to ensure that even more Americans will have the re-sources they need to enjoy their ‘‘gold-en years.’’ Another contributing factor is that employees of small businesses are much less likely to participate in em-ployer-based retirement plans. Accord-ing to a study by the PEW Charitable Trusts, roughly 30 million U.S. private- sector full-time workers continue to lack access to a work-based plan to save for retirement. SIMPLE retirement plans were es-tablished in 1996 to encourage small businesses to provide their employees with retirement plans that are less costly and easier to navigate. A busi-ness with 100 or fewer employees can create a SIMPLE retirement savings account so long as it does not offer an-other employer-sponsored retirement plan. The SIMPLE Plan Modernization Act would help to expand access to SIM-PLE plans by increasing the contribu-tion limit for most small businesses. This would achieve two important goals, Mr. President: first, it would en-courage more small businesses to offer a retirement savings benefit to their employees; and second, it would allow employees of small businesses to save even more for retirement each year on a tax-deferred basis. This legislation is a win-win propo-sition for retirement security. There are many small employers that simply cannot afford a 401(k) plan. For them, this legislation would provide en-hanced savings opportunities. At the same time, the legislation is carefully constructed to prevent employers with a 401(k) plan from dropping that plan to adopt a SIMPLE plan. And the legis-lation preserves strong incentives for small businesses that become more successful to move from a SIMPLE plan to a 401(k) plan. We believe our ap-proach will encourage businesses and their employees to take steps to save for retirement, and eventually move towards a more substantial retirement package, like a 401(k) plan. In my home state of Maine, the vast majority of businesses are eligible to sign their employees up for SIMPLE Plans. Financial advisors from Presque Isle to Portland have shared their con-cerns that neither employees nor their employers are in a good position to save for retirement. We must give 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JY6.031 S11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4918 July 11, 2018 
small businesses and employees a bet-ter opportunity to save for retirement and this legislation will provide such an opportunity. I urge my colleagues to join Senator W
ARNER and me in sup-porting the SIMPLE Plan Moderniza-tion Act. Thank you, Mr. President. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 572—SUP-PORTING THE OFFICERS AND PERSONNEL WHO CARRY OUT THE IMPORTANT MISSION OF U.S. IMMIGRATION AND CUSTOM ENFORCEMENT Mr. KENNEDY (for himself, Mr. C
OT-
TON, Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. C
ORNYN , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH, Mr. C RUZ, Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. B
LUNT , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. H
ELLER , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mrs. E
RNST , Mr. D AINES , Mr. L
ANKFORD , Mr. C RAPO , and Mr. L EE) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 572 Whereas the national security interests of the United States are dependent on the brave men and women who enforce the immigra-tion laws of the United States; Whereas abolishing U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (referred to in this preamble as ‘‘ICE’’) would eliminate the agency responsible for removing individuals who enter or remain in the United States il-legally, resulting in open borders; Whereas the call to abolish ICE is an insult to the heroic law enforcement officers of ICE who make sacrifices every day to secure the borders and laws of the United States and to protect the safety and security of United States citizens; Whereas abolishing ICE would allow dan-gerous criminal aliens, including violent and ruthless members of the MS–13 gang, to re-main in communities in the United States; Whereas, during fiscal year 2017, ICE En-forcement and Removal Operations (referred to in this preamble as ‘‘ERO’’) arrested more than 127,000 aliens with criminal convictions or charges; Whereas criminal aliens arrested by ICE ERO in fiscal year 2017 were responsible for more than— (1) 76,000 dangerous drug offenses; (2) 48,000 assault offenses; (3) 11,000 weapon offenses; (4) 5,000 sexual assault offenses; (5) 2,000 kidnapping offenses; and (6) 1,800 homicide offenses; Whereas ICE Homeland Security Investiga-tions made 4,818 gang-related arrests in fis-cal year 2017 and prevents cross-border finan-cial crimes, money laundering, bulk cash smuggling, commercial fraud, intellectual property theft, cybercrimes, and other crimi-nal activities; Whereas ICE plays a key role in the world-wide fight against human trafficking and child sexual exploitation through the Blue Campaign, the Child Exploitation Investiga-tions Unit, the Human Exploitation Rescue Operative (‘‘HERO’’) Child-Rescue Corps Pro-gram, and Homeland Security Investiga-tions; Whereas abolishing ICE would mean that countless illegal aliens who could pose a threat to public safety would be allowed to roam free instead of being removed from United States soil; Whereas abolishing ICE would result in more dangerous illegal drugs flowing into communities in the United States, causing more United States citizens to needlessly suffer; Whereas ICE plays a critical role in com-batting the drug crisis facing the United States; Whereas ICE seized more than 980,000 pounds of narcotics in fiscal year 2017, in-cluding thousands of pounds of the deadly drugs fueling the opioid crisis; Whereas ICE seized approximately 2,370 pounds of fentanyl and 6,967 pounds of heroin in fiscal year 2017; Whereas ICE logged nearly 630,000 inves-tigative hours directed toward fentanyl in fiscal year 2017; Whereas abolishing ICE would allow those drugs to remain in communities in the United States, causing more devastation; Whereas abolishing ICE would eliminate the agency that deports aliens that pose a terrorist threat to the United States; Whereas ICE was created in 2003 to better protect national security and public safety after the terrorists responsible for the ter-rorist attacks on the United States on Sep-tember 11, 2001, exploited immigration rules to gain entry into the United States; Whereas the National Commission on Ter-rorist Attacks Upon the United States found that many of the hijackers involved in the attacks on September 11, 2001, committed visa violations; Whereas ICE identifies dangerous individ-uals before they enter the United States and locates them as they violate United States immigration laws; and Whereas abolishing ICE would enable the hundreds of thousands of foreign nationals who illegally overstay visas each year to re-main in the United States indefinitely: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) expresses continued support for all offi-cers and employees of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (referred to in this resolution as ‘‘ICE’’) who carry out the im-portant mission of ICE; (2) denounces calls for the complete abol-ishment of ICE; and (3) supports the efforts of officers and em-ployees of the United States Armed Forces and Federal and State law enforcement agen-cies who bring law and order to the borders of the United States. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I have 11 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
The Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, July 11, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Complex Cybersecurity Vulnerabilities: Lessons Learned from Spectre and Meltdown.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC  
WORKS  
The Committee on Environment and Public Works is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, July 11, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘the Long- term Value to U.S. Taxpayers of Low- cost Federal Infrastructure Loans’’. COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Wednesday, July 11, 2018, to conduct a hearing. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, July 11, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing on the following nominations: Ryan Doug-las Nelson, of Idaho, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Cir-cuit, Stephen R. Clark, Sr., to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Missouri, John M. O’Connor, to be United States District Judge for the Northern, Eastern and Western Districts of Oklahoma, Joshua Wolson, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Penn-sylvania, and James W. Carroll, Jr., of Virginia, to be Director of National Drug Control Policy. 
COMMITTEE ON INDIAN AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Indian Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, July 11, 2018, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hearing on H.R. 597. 
COMMITTEE ON INDIAN AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Indian Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, July 11, 2018, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hearing on S. 2599. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Select Committee on Intel-ligence is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednes-day, July 11, 2018, at 10:30 a.m., to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘Election Secu-rity Preparations: Federal and Vendor Perspectives’’. 
COMMITTEE ON RULES AND ADMINISTRATION  
The Committee on Rules and Admin-istration is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednes-day, July 11, 2018, at 10:30 a.m., to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘Election Secu-rity Preparations: Federal and Vendor Perspectives’’. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON NATIONAL PARKS  
The Subcommittee on National Parks of the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, July 11, 2018, at 3 p.m. to conduct a hearing. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON FEDERAL SPENDING  
OVERSIGHT AND EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT  
The Subcommittee on Federal Spend-ing Oversight and Emergency Manage-ment of the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, July 11, 2018, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Warrantless Smartphone Searches at the Border’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JY6.034 S11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4919 July 11, 2018 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON SOCIAL SECURITY , PENSIONS , 
AND FAMILY POLICY  
The Subcommittee on Social Secu-rity, Pensions, and Family Policy of the Committee on Finance is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, July 11, 2018, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Importance of Paid Family Leave for American Working Families’’. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my intern, Whitney Wagner, have privileges of the floor for the remainder of the day. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, JULY 12, 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m. on Thursday, July 12; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session and resume consider-ation of the Ney nomination; finally, that notwithstanding rule XXII, all postcloture time on the nomination ex-pire at 1:30 p.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT Mr. M
CCONNELL. If there is no fur-ther business to come before the Sen-ate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Sen-ators R
UBIO and M ERKLEY . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Florida. 
f 
ENVIRONMENTAL CRISIS IN FLORIDA Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, my home State of Florida is once again experi-encing an environmental and economic catastrophe—a real crisis. It is a crisis that was caused extending back dec-ades—decades of bad decisions, deci-sions made on things people didn’t think about, neglect, and myopic water management. Nowhere is that crisis more acute and more apparent than at Lake Okeechobee, the liquid heart of the Everglades, and our surrounding communities, including the city of Stuart, which is on the verge of seeing conditions very similar to what they experienced in the year 2016. That is what this picture here is about. What we see on this photo is algae—thick, toxic algae—that was gathering underneath that bridge back in 2016. This really goes back decades. The historic Florida Everglades—the head waters began in Lake Okeechobee. This massive lake, this reservoir, is right in the center of our State. What would happen is when rainfall would come in and when water would overflow, it would just continue to flow south into the Everglades and down into the Flor-ida Bay. But then people began to move in and develop Florida, and therefore there was a need for the Army Corps to step in and carefully script the flow of water in the southern half of Florida. This all began since the construction of something called the Herbert Hoover Dike and then, subsequently, the devel-opment beginning in 1948 of the Central and South Florida projects to manage flood risks. Unfortunately, this flood control system that was designed to keep the water from coming out of Lake Okeechobee and flooding commu-nities to the south of it has significant limitations and neglects to use the Ev-erglades’ natural flow wave. That is why Everglades restoration is some-thing that, apart from ecosystem and wildlife benefits, is so critically impor-tant for our Nation and for my State of Florida. Everglades restoration is not simply about restoring a national treasure, it is also about allowing much more flexibility for water man-agement at greatly reduced costs and at reduced harm to coastal commu-nities. The best way to understand it for those who are new to this issue is that we have this massive lake. The lake used to overflow, and when it did, the water would flow down. Communities and agriculture moved into the south-ern part of the State, just south of that lake; therefore, there was a need to construct a dam to hold back the water and prevent the flooding and loss of life, which is natural, and then a canal system to allow the waters to flow east and west. The problem that has developed over the years is what we are dealing with now, and that is that as of today, when water levels in Lake Okeechobee rise too high, that water must be released in massive quantities. Today, the water levels are over 4
1⁄2feet deep—a full 2 feet higher than the Corps would prefer at this time of year as the rainy season kicks in. So they look at the dike and they look at its capacity and they worry that, knowing it is going to continue to rain throughout the sum-mer, if the water levels get too high, we could have the dike compromised, and we could have flooding and loss of life. Therefore, they are forced to re-lease water. Last year, as an example, we saw large amounts of water and rainwater. Among other causes, of course, was Hurricane Irma, which caused Lake Okeechobee to rise to record-high lev-els. Again this year, Florida has experi-enced large amounts of rain. This rain-fall carries nutrients into the lake from upstream. The lake is in the center part of the State. Just north of it are areas such as Kissimmee and Orlando and popu-lation. People move in and fertilize their lawns, and all kinds of nutrients get into the groundwater. It rains, and it flows into Lake Okeechobee. The more it rains, the more it flows out. So the water level of the lake gets higher, and the nutrient flow into the lake also gets higher. As we can see from these time-lapse images, when that nutrient-rich water flows in on top of the nutrient-rich water that is already there—and heat comes into play—the result is algae blooms. That is where it was on the 12th of June. This is where it was on the 20th. All of that red represents algae. This is where it was on the 21st and then on the 24th. If you looked at an image of this today, almost the en-tire lake is covered by thick, toxic algae. To make sure there is no damage or threat to the dike, which itself is being worked on in order to strengthen it, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers re-leases water from the lake to the east to the St. Lucie River and to the west to the Caloosahatchee River. We re-member it used to flow south, and now it has been diverted into these canal systems to the east and to the west. So if you are living to the west or if you are living to the east, what you know is that when these releases happen, all of that algae you see here and all of that green algae I just showed you in that picture, which is toxic and kills life, not to mention—it is harmful to people who come into contact with it, potentially even breathe it in, and all of that stuff is headed your way when those releases happen. Unfortunately, those discharges have a catastrophic impact on the environ-ment and on the Floridians living along our coastal ecosystems. They are especially destructive when these re-leases export, as I said, nutrient-rich waters with toxic blue-green algae blooms from the lake to the waterways and the estuaries that are downstream because there, those blooms—that algae, which kills fish, fouls the water, and shutters all sorts of small busi-nesses along the coast, has a tremen-dous negative impact on property val-ues, the real estate market. It creates respiratory irritation for people as well as contact dermatitis for residents who get too close to it. Imagine you live in this area. Maybe you are a small business that depends on visitors. Maybe you invested a lot of money to retire near the water. Maybe you grew up there or lived your entire life there or spent summers there, or maybe your greatest memories are of times your family spent on the water, and this is headed your way. I assure you that this does not increase your property values; it collapses them. I as-sure you that it does not encourage 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JY6.035 S11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4920 July 11, 2018 
visitors to come to your area. It not only discourages them from coming now, but the reputation gets out, and all of these small businesses that de-pend on access to the water are now being threatened by that as well. We see this picture here, this green. That is all toxic algae—all of that—on one of the waterways. That is not Chi-cago on St. Patrick’s Day. That is not food coloring. That is toxic algae in the Caloosahatchee River. Images like this are becoming all too common for the residents in this area. The picture does not do it justice. This is not just the color of the water; this is thick algae of a kind that is inches deep. You can imagine that ev-erything underneath that is not just being cut off from sunlight and oxygen, but it is toxic. It is killing everything underneath it as well. You can’t go un-derneath that water, you can’t touch it, and everything that is in it is going to struggle to survive. Over the weekend, particularly on Sunday morning, I began to raise con-cerns and the concerns of our coastal communities that were on the receiv-ing end of this. Imagine if you live in one of these communities. You see the pictures of the lake that is basically all green, and you know that on Monday morning, they are going to open it up, and all of this stuff is going to come pouring down in your area. They are frightened. It is like impending doom. We reached out to the President. We reached out to the administration. Thankfully, they acted quickly. They called the Army Corps, and the Army Corps paused the discharges that were scheduled for Monday. So on Monday— Sunday night, early Monday morning— people woke to the positive news that these releases were not going to start on Monday. By the way, if you go over to the re-lease points where the water is let out, it is all backed up with this algae. All you have to do is stand there and see it, and you know that as soon as they open it, all of this stuff is coming out and come at you. They gave us this 3- or 4-day re-prieve—however long it takes to allow water managers to conduct a full as-sessment of system conditions and to look for other available options for moving water. While this was a positive response, it is not a long-term answer to this prob-lem. At some point over the next few days, this is going to have to be re-leased. It is going to happen. It is just a matter of time. And the result is that 2018 is shaping up to be another lost summer along the Caloosahatchee and Indian River Lagoon estuaries, just as it was in 2013 and just as it was in 2016. I want to be frank. Over the last 20, 30, 10, and 5 years, the Federal Govern-ment has not done enough for anyone to expect that anything will change in the next 5 years. Here is full candor. There are really no good, viable, short-term options that will fix this overnight. That is a fact. We know that. Ultimately, no matter how much we push the Army Corps to hold back releases, at some point they will have to because we are in rainy season, and there comes a point where the risk of flood and loss of life compels them to release some of it. You hope they pulse it. You hope they spread it out. You hope they don’t re-lease more than they need to. You hope they stretch it as much as possible. But in the end, you know it is going to happen, and so do the residents in this region. What is frustrating is that not only is the release coming, but nothing seems to be happening to prevent this from continuing on forever. That is why it is so important for us that while we work to try to spread out these releases to minimize to the ex-tent possible the impact they have, we have to begin to work on the things that ultimately will solve this. What ultimately will solve this are the issues that we are committed to continuing to work on. It is multipronged, and it will take a number of years to get it done. The Senate will soon take up the water infrastructure bill. That bill is going to allow us to move forward with the Everglades agriculture area res-ervoir. This project, by the way, is con-nected to the broader project called the Central Everglades Planning Project, which the Congress authorized in 2016’s water resources bill. That reservoir is vital to ensuring that more water is sent south through the Everglades as nature intended. This reservoir will basically be at pace for some of that water—instead of having to go east and west, it can go into this reservoir south of the lake; it can be cleansed of many of those nutri-ents; and then, instead of being re-leased east and west, that cleaner water could be released south into the Everglades, the way some of it once was back in the historic Everglades. That project, that piece of it—the ag-riculture area reservoir—was at the Of-fice of Management and Budget. That is why we worked with them and really spoke to them a number of times to get them to quickly approve the Army Corps’ review of the storage reservoir project. I am happy for the residents of Florida and particularly these im-pacted areas that these efforts suc-ceeded. Yesterday, the administration and the Office of Management and Budget approved the Corps’ review of the project so that its design and construc-tion can now be authorized by Con-gress. We also must continue to move with expediency to finish the rehabili-tation of the dike. We fought hard to include appropriations in the most re-cent disaster supplemental that would provide enough funding to, once and for all, ensure this is made a priority for completion. So I appreciate the admin-istration’s heeding this request. Just last week, the Army Corps allo-cated more than $514 million for the dike. That means that with all the money needed to complete the project now allocated, the money is now avail-able, and the dike can be finished by 2022. What we hope that means is that now that the dike is repaired and stronger, they will be able to hold back more water for longer periods of time. But that alone isn’t going to solve the problem. It will have some impact and it certainly is important, and we certainly need to do it. We never want to see the dike compromised, but, ulti-mately, that alone will not be enough. We have to continue to do all the other things, including the reservoir I spoke about a moment ago. We also have to remain focused on bottlenecks at the southern end of the flow management system to allow for increased flow of water. This includes ensuring our partnership with the State of Florida, the Army Corps, and the Department of the Interior—that we all continue to work together to meet the important timelines and project funding targets. I have spoken to President Trump about this. I recall at some point in the summer of last year, as we flew to Miami for an event, we had a chance in our flight path to fly over part of the Everglades. The President is a part- time resident of Florida; he knows the area well. Palm Beach in particular is one of the areas impacted by all this. We talked about the opportunity the President had to be the infrastructure President and, when it comes to Flor-ida, to be the President who actually gets this done for the Florida Ever-glades. I have asked him and talked to him about doubling Federal investment in Everglades restoration infrastructure, like the Central Everglades Planning Project, to clean and store and move water into South Florida’s natural flood plain and away from where people live along the coasts. In 2000, Congress authorized the Com-prehensive Everglades Restoration Plan. It was a complete framework for everything that needs to happen, and we have to continue to move forward on finally getting it done. There were too many delays. It took too long. There wasn’t enough of a Federal com-mitment. Hopefully now—just in the last cou-ple of years—we have begun to make headway on it because these infrastruc-ture projects aren’t just about restor-ing the Everglades. This is not just an environmental project. If it were just an environmental project, that alone would justify it, but it is not just an environmental project. It is about eco-nomic development. It is about water quality and about water supply. It is about the value of property. It is about quality of life. It impacts millions of our residents and visitors. We have to finish the projects. We have to stay focused. If we take our eye off the ball, if we divert attention somewhere else, if we interrupt the work of these projects—every one of these delays just makes more and more 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JY6.050 S11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4921 July 11, 2018 
of these events. If Congress in 2000 had moved at the speed we are moving now, some of this would have been avoided, and with every year that we delay—not acting—these are the real world con-sequences; it only gets worse, not bet-ter. That is why I remain committed, and among my highest priorities for the State of Florida is to get this done in a timely fashion, with the Federal sup-port and the Federal commitment nec-essary to match what the State has al-ready done with great urgency. I hope we can continue to make progress on all of this. Otherwise, we are going to have more loss, and the lives of mil-lions of people will continue to be im-pacted in catastrophic ways. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. 
f 
NOMINATION OF BRETT KAVANAUGH Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, the most important words of our Constitu-tion are its first three, ‘‘We the Peo-ple.’’ It is the mission statement of our Constitution, the mission statement of our country, a nation ‘‘of the people, by the people, for the people,’’ as Presi-dent Lincoln so eloquently stated, not a nation by, for, and of the powerful and the privileged. Critical to that vision of ‘‘we the peo-ple’’ is a strong and independent judici-ary, particularly a strong and inde-pendent Supreme Court, since all the decisions from the lower courts can be appealed right on up to the very top. Today, there is a vacancy on the Su-preme Court with Anthony Kennedy’s announced retirement. On Monday night, President Trump announced his nominee to fill that seat—Judge Brett Kavanaugh. A single vote can make all the dif-ference in the world on the Supreme Court in protecting the freedoms we hold dear. A single vote can tip the scales toward the vision of our Con-stitution, the ‘‘we the people’’ vision of our Constitution, or it can tip the scales away from that vision toward government by and for the powerful. We can see the impact of the single vote when we look at Justice Ken-nedy’s own legacy, his own record of 5- to-4 decisions. Time and again during his three decades on the Court, he made the deciding vote in a critical de-cision—a single vote making a big dif-ference. In 1992, he wrote the majority opin-ion in Planned Parenthood v. Casey, not only reaffirming Roe v. Wade but protecting a woman’s fundamental right to make decisions about her own healthcare. As Justice Kennedy wrote, ‘‘These matters, involving the most in-timate and personal choices a person may make in a lifetime . . . are central to the liberty protected by the Four-teenth Amendment,’’ the amendment prohibiting States from depriving a person of liberty without due process. In 2005, he wrote the ruling in Roper v. Simmons, which barred the execu-tion of juveniles, declaring it cruel and unusual punishment banned by the Eighth Amendment, highlighting the ‘‘evolving standards of decency that mark the progress of a maturing soci-ety.’’ Justice Kennedy said that even when a child commits the most heinous of crimes, ‘‘the State cannot extin-guish his life and his potential to at-tain a mature understanding of his own humanity.’’ In Boumediene v. Bush, he appealed to the better angels of our nature and channeled the sentiment behind Ben-jamin Franklin’s adage that ‘‘Those who would give up essential Liberty, to purchase a little temporary Safety, de-serve neither Liberty nor Safety’’ when he wrote the majority opinion that de-tainees at Guantanamo Bay had the constitutional right of habeas corpus to challenge their detention. Certainly, in looking at Justice Ken-nedy’s legacy and the importance of a single vote, it is worth noting cases that involve the rights of opportunity for our LGBTQ brothers and sisters. Because of that 5-to-4 vote, our Nation declared finally that love is love and that everyone has the right to marry whomever they love, regardless of gen-der or sexual orientation. In United States v. Windsor, he helped strike down the Defense of Mar-riage Act, declaring it unconstitutional under the Fifth Amendment’s due proc-ess clause after the surviving spouse of a legally recognized same-sex marriage was denied the Federal estate exemp-tion given to all surviving spouses. Then, in Obergefell v. Hodges, he wrote: ‘‘No union is more profound than marriage, for it embodies the highest ideals of love, fidelity, devo-tion, sacrifice, and family.’’ Justice Kennedy went on to say that same-sex couples who sought legal recognition of their unions in the case asked only ‘‘for equal dignity in the eyes of the law,’’ and that ‘‘the Constitution grants them that right.’’ Think about these powers, these free-doms, these rights: due process under the 14th Amendment; protection from cruel and unusual punishment under the 8th Amendment; the right to peti-tion for a writ of habeas corpus granted in article I, section 9 of the Constitu-tion; due process under the 5th Amend-ment, all upheld by a single vote. If there is any doubt about how much difference that vote can make, look at some of the recent decisions handed down by the court. The Janus case was a 5-to-4 decision undermining the rights of workers to organize. The ability of workers to or-ganize is a fundamental right, a key power to be able to participate in the wealth that you work to create, yet it was undermined just the week before last by a 5-to-4 court decision. Trump v. Hawaii was a 5-to-4 decision upholding a travel ban against Mus-lims, effectively shutting the door of our country to a group of people simply because of their religion. What a 5-to-4 assault that was on the freedom of reli-gion. Abbot v. Perez was another 5-to-4 de-cision green-lighting racial gerry-mandering in Texas, violating the Vot-ing Rights Act. One case after another has come down in recent weeks against ‘‘we the people,’’ decided by a single vote. How many cases are we going to see in the coming years where a single vote transforms the landscape of our coun-try as we know it, where a single vote takes away a fundamental right in the vision of a ‘‘we the people’’ nation? That is why this nomination is so un-like any other recent confirmation; the impacts on the court and on our Nation will reverberate for decades to come. So many core issues are under con-sideration: the influence of money in politics; the power of big corporations to prey on consumers and workers; marriage equality; the right of every American to have their voice heard at the ballot box. How can you believe in the foundation and vision of a demo-cratic republic if you don’t believe in voter empowerment? Yet we have members of the Supreme Court who don’t. The right of every American to receive a quality education, affordable healthcare and a woman’s right to choose—it is clear that the very soul of our ‘‘we the people’’ Nation is hanging in the balance. But here is a certain circumstance that we may never have seen before; that is, we have a President who is under investigation for the possibility of colluding with an enemy, with an adversarial foreign power. In case after case, time after time, he has sought to make it difficult to conduct an inves-tigation into the Presidency and the campaign that preceded it. He said in a tweet: ‘‘As has been stated by numer-ous legal scholars, I have the absolute right to PARDON myself, but why would I do that when I have done noth-ing wrong?’’ I ask this: Why would he tweet that topic if he is not worried about needing a pardon? He is a President who talks openly about the possibility of par-doning himself—something there is no precedent for, which no President has considered? This is the situation we are in. With a President at this moment nominating a Supreme Court Justice who well may have the power to deter-mine whether it is possible under our Constitution for a President to pardon himself, who may well determine under our Constitution whether a President can fire a special counsel at will, the march to an authoritarian nation is one that should concern us at this mo-ment because that is the issue of the expansive power of the Presidency. Is it so broad, so large that the checks and balances written into the Constitution become irrelevant? This is exactly what President George Washington warned the Nation about in his Fare-well Address, when he said, ‘‘The spirit 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JY6.051 S11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4922 July 11, 2018 
of encroachment tends to consolidate the powers of all the departments in one, and thus to create whatever the form of government, a real despotism.’’ He said this ‘‘is the customary weapon by which free governments are de-stroyed.’’ Here we have this issue of the Presi-dent having chosen as a nominee, off a long list of possibilities, an individual who has gone to great lengths to talk about the President being above the law. Therefore, we have every right to worry. About this expansive view of Execu-tive power, in a 2009 Minnesota Law Review article, he said: 
We should not burden a sitting President with civil suits, criminal investigations, or criminal prosecutions. 
He said: 
[A] possible concern is that the country needs a check against a bad-behaving or law- breaking President. But the Constitution al-ready provides that check. If the President does something dastardly, the impeachment process is available. 
So here he is saying directly that his reading of the Constitution is that the check on the President is through im-peachment. ‘‘The President,’’ he says, ‘‘should have absolute discretion . . . whether and when to appoint an independent counsel.’’ In another point, he argued that it should be the President who has the power to dismiss an independent coun-sel and to do so without cause. In a 1998 panel discussion called ‘‘The Future of the Independent Counsel Statute,’’ he said: ‘‘If the President were the sole subject of a criminal investigation, I would say no one should be inves-tigating that.’’ When the moderator asked how many on the panel believed a sitting Presi-dent cannot be indicted, it is Mr. Kavanaugh who raised his hand. In his dissent in Seven-Sky vs. Hold-er, Kavanaugh wrote a footnote stat-ing: ‘‘Under the Constitution, the president may decline to enforce a statute that regulates private individ-uals when the president deems the statute unconstitutional, even if a court has held or would hold that stat-ute constitutional.’’ Wow, not only does this nominee be-lieve that the only power to address a misbehaving President is impeach-ment—the power granted to the Con-gress—but also that the President has the power to ignore laws just by virtue of feeling that they are unconstitu-tional, even if a court says they are constitutional. That is not the system of checks and balances set up in our Constitution. That is a big concern, and it leads us to the conclusion that when a Presi-dent is under investigation for the pos-sibility of a serious crime of collabo-rating with the enemy, that President should not have this Chamber consid-ering holding hearings and proceeding to take a debate and a vote on that nominee. Let that cloud be cleared first. There is more to be concerned about. There is a lot to be concerned about in healthcare. In Garza v. Hargan, he dis-sented from a decision protecting a woman’s constitutional right to con-trol her own reproductive health deci-sions. Then, there is Priests for Life v. U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, where he wrote a dissenting opinion in which he stated that the Af-fordable Care Act’s contraceptive cov-erage requirement violated religious nonprofits’ religious freedom. The non-profits said that even submitting the one-page form from the Obama admin-istration to allow religious nonprofits to opt out might make them complicit. As for net neutrality, in U.S. Telecom Association v. Federal Com-munications Commission, he wrote an opinion in favor of striking down the FCC’s net neutrality rule. He argued that the net neutrality rule violated the First Amendment by ‘‘restricting the editorial discretion of internet service providers.’’ The editorial discretion of internet service providers? This issue of net neutrality is whether or not an inter-net service provider can charge a series of fees based on the content of the in-formation. If you want to protect free-dom of speech, then you protect net neutrality. This net neutrality issue was about whether an internet service provider can charge fees based on the type of platform you are using or the computer program you are using. It was about whether you can create a fast lane on the internet for those wealthy enough to afford it while the rest of us in America are stuck in the slow lane behind a truck going 30 miles per hour. That is what net neutrality is about. Did he even understand the basic fun-damentals of the issue? He said it is about the editorial decision of the internet service providers—talk about a decision warped and twisted and crafted to support the powerful or the fundamental opportunity for us as a nation to make rules that regulate fair opportunity on the internet. Our Nation is at a pivotal moment. We have a Court that in a 5-to-4 deci-sion, a 5-to-4 decision, and a 5-to-4 deci-sion has proceeded to weigh in on be-half of the powerful, against the peo-ple, against the workers of America, against the consumers of America, against the women of America and healthcare rights in America. Now we have the possibility of a nominee being considered who wants to make the Presidency of the United States above the law, not subject to investigation, not subject to the possibility of indict-ment, not subject to the courts saying that a law is constitutional or uncon-stitutional. Perhaps it is appropriate for a King in a kingdom but not for a democratic republic, not for a ‘‘we the people’’ con-stitution. That is why we absolutely should not proceed to consider this nominee until the President is cleared of the investigation for conspiring, for collaborating with an enemy of the United States of America. It is abso-lutely why if that cloud is cleared, we should still be dramatically concerned about the viewpoints of this nominee, who doesn’t respect the healthcare op-portunities and rights of Americans, who doesn’t respect the government’s ability to create a fair playing field, equal lanes for individuals on the inter-net, and who certainly doesn’t under-stand that no one is above the law under the vision of the Constitution, not even the President of the United States. Thank you. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 10 a.m. tomorrow. Thereupon, the Senate, at 6:38 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, July 12, 2018, at 10 a.m. 
f 
CONFIRMATION Executive nomination confirmed by the Senate July 11, 2018: 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
BRIAN ALLEN BENCZKOWSKI, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE AN ASSISTANT ATTORNEY GENERAL. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G11JY6.052 S11JYPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE995 July 11, 2018 
RECOGNIZING BOB BURLESON FOR HIS YEARS OF SERVICE TO THE STATE OF FLORIDA 
HON. MARIO DIAZ-BALART 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 11, 2018 Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Speaker, on the oc-casion of his retirement from the Florida Transportation Builders’ Association (FTBA), I rise today to commemorate the years of serv-ice Mr. Bob Burleson has given to the state of Florida. Bob is a remarkable individual who I have had the privilege of working closely with for many years, dating back to my time in the Florida State legislature. Mr. Burleson’s retirement closes a forty year chapter in the transportation construction in-dustry. Prior to his longstanding success at FTBA, he served as a top executive for Wiley N. Jackson Company in Virginia from 1970 to 1988. He then took the prestigious role of President of FTBA in 1989 and has remained in this capacity to this day. Due in large part to his determination and vision, Bob restored the FBTA to strong fiscal health within seven years and increased membership after pre-vious years of steady decline. Under his guidance at FTBA, Florida history was made in 1990 when Mr. Burleson helped secure the largest transportation funding in-crease for the state. Throughout his extraor-dinary career, he has received numerous awards, including the Golden Eagle Award by the Floridians for Better Transportation in 1997 and the CUTR’s 2008 Transportation Achieve-ment Award. Perhaps Bob’s most impressive recognition was his induction into the ARTBA– TDF’s Inaugural Hall of Fame, which is the na-tion’s highest honor in the transportation con-struction industry, an acknowledgement which he undoubtedly deserves. Having known Bob for many years, his de-termination and passion for bettering the state of Florida cannot be understated. While his approaching retirement marks a sad day for Florida, the legacy that he has imprinted will remain. I am lucky to have had the privilege of working with such a talented and honorable individual and I am grateful to be able to call Bob a close friend. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to pay tribute to my dear friend and mentor, Mr. Bob Burleson, for his outstanding accomplishments in the transportation construction industry, and I ask my fellow colleagues to join me in recognizing this remarkable individual. 
f 
REMEMBERING MR. R.C. RILEY 
HON. JAMES COMER 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 11, 2018 Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, today the First District of Kentucky fondly reflects on the life of Mr. R.C. Riley of Benton, Kentucky. A com-munity leader revered for his commitment to his industry, Mr. Riley served as an integral facet of business development and economic prosperity in Western Kentucky. Mr. Riley was instrumental in the founding, management and growth of Peel & Holland Fi-nancial Group, beginning his career in 1965 and serving the organization as President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman of the Board. During his tenure, he was not only a distinguished industry leader known through-out the Commonwealth, but represented the region on national association boards and gar-nered the most prestigious nationwide acco-lades in the insurance industry. On behalf of all who knew him, I send my greatest sympathies to his family, including his two sons, Roy and Keith Riley through whom his legacy lives on. I join with his family and friends to celebrate his meaningful presence in the lives of everyone he touched and honor his outstanding legacy of selfless, compas-sionate service to others. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 11, 2018 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House chamber for Roll Call votes 314 and 315 on Tuesday, July 10, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted Yea. 
f 
HONORING AND REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF TROOPER NICH-OLAS CLARK 
HON. TOM REED 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 11, 2018 Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and remember the life of Trooper Nich-olas Clark. A star athlete, Nick Clark made his mark at both Canisteo-Greenwood Central Schools and Alfred University. At Canisteo-Greenwood Central Schools, Nick became a two-time state champion in wrestling and excelled on the football field. While he pursued a BA in Environmental Studies at our shared Alma Mater of Alfred University, Nick was a star on the football field. He was named to the Empire 8 all-conference First Team and the con-ference Defensive Player of the Year for three straight seasons, breaking the Alfred Univer-sity record for tackles. These accomplish-ments highlighted Nick’s hard work and dedi-cation that led the Buffalo Bills to offer him an invitation for a professional tryout. Following his football career, Nick directed his leadership skills and dedication towards his passion of serving others. Nick Clark honorably served his community and the State of New York as a New York State Trooper. He graduated from the 203rd session of the Basic School in 2015 and was originally assigned to Troop C/SP Ithaca and Troop E/SP Auburn. In August 2017, Trooper Clark transferred to Troop E/SP Bath. As a lifelong resident of Steuben County, Trooper Clark spent his days at work serving the citi-zens that he called his friends and neighbors. In the early morning of Monday July 2, 2018, Trooper Clark responded to a call in the town of Erwin, where he was shot and killed. He bravely answered the call to duty and lost his life while trying to selflessly protect others. While my thoughts and prayers go out every time a member of law enforcement is killed in the line of duty, this tragedy strikes especially close to not only my home but heart. Trooper Clark bravely put his life on the line to protect his community and he should be recognized as a hero for his actions. Trooper Clark will be missed by the commu-nities that he served and the lives that he touched. Together, we stand with his family and friends as they mourn. I thank him for his service and pray he will rest in peace. Given the above, I ask that this Legislative Body pause in its deliberations and join me to remember the life of Trooper Nicholas Clark. f 
RECOGNIZING THE UNIVERSITY OF GUAM CENTER FOR EXCELLENCE IN DEVELOPMENTAL DISABIL-ITIES, EDUCATION, RESEARCH AND SERVICE (GUAM CEDDERS) FOR 25 YEARS OF SERVICE TO THE COMMUNITY 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 11, 2018 Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the University of Guam Center for Excellence in Developmental Disabilities Edu-cation Research and Service (Guam CEDDERS) as they celebrate their 25th anni-versary. The University of Guam Center for Excel-lence in Developmental Disabilities Education, Research and Service (Guam CEDDERS), previously known as Guam University Affili-ated Program (Guam UAP) on Developmental Disabilities, was founded by and continues to be led by Dr. Heidi San Nicolas. She recog-nized the importance of Guam being funded for the full complement of Developmental Dis-abilities Bill of Rights and Assistance Act Fed-eral Programs from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services including funding for a University Affiliated Program on Develop-mental Disabilities providing Interdisciplinary Training, Technical Assistance and Dem-onstration; Research, Evaluation and Dissemi-nation of Information and best practices on Guam. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:30 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K11JY8.001 E11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE996 July 11, 2018 
The primary mission of UOG CEDDERS is to create partnerships and pathways to in-crease the quality of life of individuals with de-velopmental disabilities and their families. Since its official founding on Feb. 14, 1993, Guam CEDDERS has remained at the fore-front of providing comprehensive interdiscipli-nary training, technical assistance, model demonstration, clinical services, research, evaluation and dissemination of information beneficial to those with developmental disabil-ities and their families, and advocates on Guam and in the Western Pacific Region. Throughout the years, the organization has grown tremendously in staff, funding, and out-reach. Guam CEDDERS has been able to le-verage funding in excess of $138 million to support its mission address the needs of our island’s community. Guam CEDDERS, is a dynamic, responsive and innovative organization recognized by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Serv-ices as one of 67 National Centers of Excel-lence in Developmental Disabilities. Guam CEDDERS is also a member of the National Association of University Center on Disabilities (AUCD); and collaborates locally with Guam’s Tri-Agency DD Act partners. Guam CEDDERS is a valuable resource having worked directly in supporting priorities and needs within Guam’s local agencies. Ad-ditionally, Guam CEDDERS has implemented and collaborated with institutions of higher education in offering training programs to build capacity in serving persons with develop-mental disabilities throughout the community. The Center has also partnered with local and national organizations to implement a variety of research initiatives related to disability on Guam. Guam CEDDERS has provided leadership in areas of technology on Guam through cre-ating loan programs for assistive technology for individuals with disabilities with the first low interest loan made in 2006. They have addi-tionally collaborated with the Guam Election Commission to ensure accessibility of voting locations; established Guam’s System for As-sistive Technology (GSAT) Resource Center and model accessible home; partnered with the Wheelchair Foundation and disseminated 250 wheelchairs on Guam to those in need; among many other valuable contributions. Guam CEDDERS researched, developed, and wrote Guam’s Early Learning Guidelines Supports that enabled community-based child care centers to be inclusive of children with disabilities through staff training as well as fa-cility modifications to support the inclusion of children with disabilities. Guam CEDDERS has supported children and youth with emotional and behavior prob-lems through administering two SAMHSA Community Action Grants. Guam CEDDERS contributed to the organization and compilation of the first and subsequent island wide needs assessment processes and summits related to disabilities leading publication of much needed resource documents for planning, policy and program development, and likewise brought together and published proceedings from Pa-cific Basin Interagency Leadership Consortium meetings. Guam CEDDERS has provided education and context to federal policymakers and local policymakers regarding policy issues at the national and local level impacting individuals with disabilities; has sponsored focused input sessions; a Federal Public Hearing on the Re-authorization of IDEA; Summits and Con-ferences on topics including: Emergency Pre-paredness, Evaluation, Early Childhood, Inclu-sion, Employment, Self-Advocacy Transpor-tation, and Assistive Technology; and has brought national leaders to Guam to provide Grand Rounds and other training opportunities to Guam’s Physicians, specialists, and allied health providers. Guam CEDDERS publishes many valuable newsletters and educational materials to serve its mission in a variety of languages and are available in accessible formats upon request, and are continuously updated and accessible through their website. I commend the University of Guam Center for Excellence in Developmental Disabilities, Education Research and Service Center for their tremendous contributions to Guam and the Western Pacific area. I extend my sincere congratulations to Guam CEDDERS on their 25th Anniversary. On behalf of the people of Guam, I thank the University of Guam CEDDERS and all government agencies and community partners for their assistance in spreading disability awareness and affirming full inclusion of all in-dividuals with disabilities as valued, contrib-uting citizens on Guam. I look forward to countless contributions from Guam CEDDERS as they continue to create partnerships and pathways to increase the quality of life of indi-viduals with developmental disabilities and their families. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ALEXANDER X. MOONEY 
OF WEST VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 11, 2018 Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. Speak-er, due to a family member’s funeral, I was unable to attend the scheduled floor period on July 10, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 314; and YEA on Roll Call No. 315. 
f 
SOPHIA HORTIN—ILLINOIS STATE FFA PRESIDENT 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 11, 2018 Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Sophia Hortin for being elected Il-linois’ State FFA President. Sophia’s love for agriculture began on her family farm just outside of Fisher, IL. Sophia embraces all aspects of farming from cleaning grain bins, raising hogs, and even field tillage work. However, her favorite job is hauling grain to local elevators, a job Sophia has done since she got her Class B license when she was 16. Over the course of the next calendar year, Sophia will live in Springfield, IL and work out of the State FFA office. Sophia will be leading a historic group of young leaders as she heads up the first ever all-female Illinois FFA officer team. After Sophia completes her year-long term as State President, she will enroll in the Uni-versity of Illinois Champaign-Urbana with the ultimate goal of becoming a teacher and FFA adviser. Mr. Speaker, I wish to send my most sin-cere congratulations to Sophia Hortin for re-ceiving this tremendous accomplishment. f 
CONSIDERATION OF H. RES. 256— NATO 
HON. EDWARD R. ROYCE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 11, 2018 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, as leaders gather at the North Atlantic Treaty Or-ganization Summit this week, it is important that we send a strong message of support and commitment for trans-Atlantic security. For more than six decades, the NATO alli-ance has promoted peace, freedom, and pros-perity in Europe and the United States. Its continued strength is vital to America’s na-tional interests. Mr. Speaker, I’ve just returned from an im-portant trip to the Nordic and Baltic regions, where I met with partners who are facing in-creasing pressure from Russia. Russia’s naval vessels in the Baltic Sea are ratcheting up their aggression. Russian jets frequently vio-late Baltic airspace. Recently, Russia con-ducted its largest land based military exercises to date along the border with our Baltic allies, the ‘‘ZAPAD’’ exercises. General Pavel, Head of NATO’s Military Committee, stated that the ZAPAD exercises appeared to be a ‘‘serious preparation for big war,’’ and raised concerns that Russia’s lack of communication with NATO forces nearby greatly increased the possibility that human or technological error could cause skirmishes and lead to a full-scale conflict. After announcing its intention to increase collaboration and military exercises with U.S. Marines, Norway was directly threatened by Russian leaders that it would suffer ‘‘con-sequences’’ for that decision. And our allies in the region that are not for-mal members of NATO, Finland and Sweden, are also feeling the pressure. In fact, last year Sweden discovered that Russia had covertly stationed a submarine just off the coast of Stockholm. Russia has combined its traditional military with asymmetric hostile actions, including by leveraging energy supplies for political influ-ence as well as increasing the frequency and scope of propaganda among minority popu-lations to destabilize and weaken Eastern and Central European countries. House Resolution 256, authored by Con-gressman S
TEVE COHEN of Tennessee, sends a strong message of support to our allies in the region that are confronted by this increas-ing pressure from Russia. Specifically, it condemns any threat to the sovereignty and territorial integrity of NATO al-lies and pledges that the U.S. will continue to maintain strong leadership and its commit-ments to the alliance. It condemns Russia’s ongoing illegal occu-pation of Crimea and supports maintaining re-lated U.S. sanctions on Russia until Ukraine’s sovereignty over that region is restored. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:30 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A11JY8.003 E11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE997 July 11, 2018 
House Resolution 256 also calls for keeping related strong sanctions on Russia for its ille-gal and aggressive actions in the Donbas re-gion of eastern Ukraine, and for the full imple-mentation of the Minsk agreements which, among other things, calls for the full removal of Russian military equipment, as well as ille-gal armed groups, fighters and mercenaries from Ukrainian territory . . . This resolution also supports the U.S. Euro-pean Deterrence Initiative program of military support to our Eastern European and Baltic al-lies, and calls on our European allies to make the promised investments in their individual, regional and collective defenses in accordance to the NATO guidelines for membership. Finally, this measure acknowledges the val-uable contributions by Central and Eastern European allies to NATO’s collective security and peace operations around the globe, such as ongoing operations in Iraq, Afghanistan, and Kosovo. This is an important message to send to our allies at a critical moment in history. I encour-age my colleagues to join me in support. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. STEVE RUSSELL 
OF OKLAHOMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 11, 2018 Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, due to travel delays out of my control, I was unable to be present for votes on July 10, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 314 and YEA on Roll Call No. 315. 
f 
ATTACK ON THE MEK RALLY 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 11, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, recently a large group of Iranian dissidents held a peace-ful rally in Paris calling for a free Iran. The participants expressed their demand for an end to the evil regime ruling Iran and a sec-ular democracy put in its place. We have seen countless times how the mullahs in Iran are not fans of Iranians rallying for freedom. Repeatedly they have responded with violence to crush protests in the streets of Iran, including public hangings of government protestors. But this year they had the audacity to order an attack on the Iranian dissidents rallying in Paris. European police arrested multiple sus-pects armed with explosives, including an Ira-nian diplomat, who intended to target the rally that many Americans, including members of Congress, were attending. The mullahs in Iran are the leading state sponsors of terrorism, so it should be no sur-prise that they would attempt to use terrorism to silence Iranians living in exile. The evil of this regime knows no limits. They will murder their own people wherever they speak out. Those responsible, including members of the regime in Tehran, must be held accountable. The best hope for Iran and world peace is a regime change through free and fair elec-tions. The land of Iran does not belong to the mullahs. It belongs to the people of Iran. It is long past time for the people of Iran to get their land back. The United States should pub-licly and politically support a regime change from the evil tyrants of Iran. The cause of freedom in Iran is just and righteous. It will never be silenced. In the end democracy and justice will prevail. The torch of freedom cannot be quenched. And that’s just the way it is. f 
IN HONOR OF THE PROMOTION OF LIEUTENANT COLONEL PAUL R. DELANO, JR. TO THE RANK OF COLONEL 
HON. CHRIS COLLINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 11, 2018 Mr. COLLINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Paul R. Delano, Jr. as he is promoted to Colonel in the United States Air Force Reserve. Paul Delano, Jr. enlisted into the Air Force Reserve in 1986 and was assigned to the 914th Security Police Squadron at Niagara Falls Air Reserve Station. In 2007, Paul de-ployed as Commander of the 407th Expedi-tionary Force Support Squadron, supporting Operation Iraqi Freedom. Paul then became the first Force Support Squadron Commander assigned to the 914th Airlift Wing and in 2011, he deployed as Deputy Group Commander of the 651 Air Expeditionary Group to support Operation Enduring Freedom. Recently, he served as a House Legislative Liaison Officer for Secretary of the Air Force where he guided the staff of 67 members on Air Force priorities. In addition to his service in the Air Force Reserve, Paul joined the Buffalo Police De-partment in 1988, serving as Lieutenant of Narcotics and SWAT. He has two daughters, Mary and Gina. Gina enlisted in the Air Force Reserve, following in her father’s footsteps at the Niagara Falls Air Reserve Station. I congratulate Paul on his promotion from Lieutenant Colonel to Colonel and his transi-tion to Detachment 6 Commander at MacDill Air Force Base. I thank Paul Delano, Jr. for his service to our nation, his work for the Buf-falo Police Department, and his unwavering support to the Niagara Falls Air Reserve Sta-tion. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE CLINTON COUNTY FAIR’S 70TH YEAR 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 11, 2018 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of the Clinton County Fair’s 70th cele-bration. Since its debut in 1948, what was then the Clinton County Agricultural and Industrial Fair has been known for showcasing Clinton Coun-ty’s agricultural industry. For 70 years, the Clinton County Fair has provided the sur-rounding community with a family-friendly en-vironment filled with attractions while exposing all of its attendees to the world of agriculture. Each summer, the fair welcomes community members to a variety of exciting exhibits and showcases all that the county’s farmers and manufacturers have to offer. Attendees can experience livestock shows and demonstra-tions, a demolition derby, wildlife exhibits and more throughout the six-day celebration of the county’s agricultural and industrial achieve-ments. On behalf of New York’s 21st District, I would like to congratulate the Clinton County Fair and its board on 70 years of honoring Clinton County agriculture, and join the resi-dents of Clinton County in celebrating the im-portant role that agriculture plays in their daily lives. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LLOYD DOGGETT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 11, 2018 Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, due to flight difficulties out of my control, I missed the June 25th vote on H.R. 299, the Blue Water Navy Vietnam Veterans Act of 2018, a bill I have long been supportive of. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 289. 
f 
HONORING THE HISTORIC INAU-GURATION OF SAN FRANCISCO MAYOR LONDON BREED 
HON. NANCY PELOSI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 11, 2018 Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I proudly rise with my colleagues, Congresswoman B
ARBARA  L
EEand Congresswoman J ACKIE SPEIER , to recognize a historic moment: the inauguration of London Breed as the 45th Mayor of San Francisco on this day. Her swearing-in cere-mony is a civil rights and public service mile-stone. London Breed will be the first African- American woman and only the second woman to serve as Mayor of our city. Senator D
IANNE  F
EINSTEIN was the first. Mayor London Breed until recently served as President of the San Francisco Board of Supervisors and Acting Mayor, leading San Francisco following the tragic passing of Mayor Edwin Lee. Her trailblazing leadership on the Board of Supervisors began when she first won election in November 2012. In Janu-ary of 2015, her colleagues elected her Presi-dent of the Board. She was re-elected as Dis-trict 5 Supervisor in November 2016 and unanimously re-elected as Board President two months later. London Breed’s extraordinary and historic journey to Room 200 in City Hall began in a public housing project only blocks away. Raised by her grandmother in Plaza East Pub-lic Housing in the Western Addition, she has never forgotten where she comes from. She graduated with honors from Galileo High School and attended the University of Cali-fornia, Davis, earning a Bachelor of Arts de-gree in Political Science/Public Service with a minor in African American Studies. She went on to earn a Master’s degree in Public Admin-istration from the University of San Francisco. Before her election as District 5 Supervisor, Breed effectively served as Executive Director 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:30 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A11JY8.006 E11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE998 July 11, 2018 
of the African American Art & Culture Complex in the Western Addition for over a decade, transforming the struggling center into a vital, financially-stable community resource that pro-vides vital after-school arts and cultural pro-grams for youth and seniors. She has also served our city as a San Francisco Redevel-opment Agency Commissioner for five years, and as a San Francisco Fire Commissioner until her election to the Board of Supervisors. The Mayor has been a transformative leader in passing landmark legislation to increase housing along transit corridors and prioritize neighborhood residents for the affordable homes in their community. She helped trans-form unused public housing units into homes for homeless families, and is leading the effort to revitalize thousands more. Breed has suc-cessfully fought for more navigation centers for the homeless and launched a task force to study if safe injection facilities can help get IV drug users off the streets and into treatment, as she works to improve mental health serv-ices. Mayor Breed has made bold, life-saving im-provements to public safety in San Francisco, effectively tackling the City’s ambulance re-sponse crisis in 2014 and cutting ambulance response times by over 26 percent. She has fought for more police officers, and passed a complete overhaul of the City’s graffiti policies, as well as first-in-the-country legislation to pro-tect music and nightlife venues. Her ground-breaking legislative accomplish-ments are many, including passing the strong-est Styrofoam ban in the country and legisla-tion that has kept over 40 tons of medical waste out of the Bay and landfills, spear-heading San Francisco’s clean electrical en-ergy program CleanPowerSF, and passing legislation to replace hundreds of Muni buses and the entire fleet of Muni trains, creating a more reliable and quiet Muni. She has consist-ently advocated for safe streets for all users, whether on the bus, a bike, car, or on foot. Mayor Breed has fully dedicated her entire adult life to serving our community and im-proving the City’s housing, environment, public safety, transportation, and quality of life. As Mayor, she will ensure that San Francisco maintains its steadfast dedication to equality, inclusivity, and justice. We extend our warm congratulations and look forward to working with Mayor London Breed for a better future for all. 
f 
RECOGNIZING STEVE FETVEIT 
HON. GREG GIANFORTE 
OF MONTANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 11, 2018 Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Steve Fetveit, an award-winning broadcaster who served for decades as a trusted source for Montana news. Steve retired as a television news anchor for NBC Montana last week, capping a distin-guished 42-year broadcast career that took him throughout the state. Steve was born and raised in Montana, graduated from Montana State University, and understands what is important to Montanans. Viewers recognized and appreciated his knowledge of our state, his easygoing person-ality, and his credibility. The Greater Montana Foundation and the Montana Broadcasters Association recognized Steve as Montana’s ‘‘Television On-Air Broad-caster of the Year’’ in 2006. Steve has served the wider community of broadcast journalists, including as a board member and chairman of the Montana Broad-casters Association. His experience and pro-fessionalism are an example to the young broadcasters he mentors. He dedicates his time to up-and-coming journalists, promoting their careers and reinforcing the importance of the profession’s ethics. Dewey Bruce, president and CEO of the Montana Broadcasters Association, said, ‘‘Steve is a fantastic newsman, very fair, and has made valuable contributions to broad-casters and the state of the Montana. He is very deserving of recognition.’’ For his outstanding career as a broadcast journalist and his dedication to serving our Montana communities, I recognize Steve Fetveit for embodying the spirit of Montana. f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF DR. ASAHEL ‘‘ASH’’ E. HAYES 
HON. DARRELL E. ISSA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 11, 2018 Mr. ISSA. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and celebrate the life and accomplishments of Dr. Asahel ‘‘Ash’’ E. Hayes, who passed away in California on July 10, 2018. Ash dedicated 60 years of his abundant life to the fitness industry and inspired many oth-ers to develop a love and appreciation for ex-ercise. He was appointed to the President’s Council on Physical Fitness and Sports by presidents Gerald Ford and Ronald Reagan. Ash served as a member of the Board of Directors of the American Council on Exercise since its incep-tion, and continued on the Board serving as emeritus historian. For decades, Ash served in leadership roles on local boards and committees, including the U.S. Olympics Committee, the San Diego Uni-fied School District, the IDEA Foundation, and at his alma mater, the University of California, Los Angeles. His lifelong advocacy of physical fitness and health continued to be recognized throughout his life. In 2007, Ash was honored with the San Diego State Alumni Association’s Distin-guished Alumni Service Award. And in 2009, he received the President’s Council on Phys-ical Fitness and Sports Lifetime Achievement Award. These accolades reflect Ash’s strong dedication to the bettering of our community. He was a wise mentor, a supportive teacher, and most importantly, he instilled others with passion. My deepest sympathies and prayers go to his wife Juanita and their family. While we mourn the loss of a great husband, father, mentor, and much more, we can find joy in the fact that Ash’s legacy will continue to enrich the lives of generations to come. NORTH KOREA ABUSES HUMAN RIGHTS HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 11, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the cause of the Korean people is essential—not just from a national security perspective but also from a moral obligation as Christians. It is the duty of the free to demand justice for those who suffer under tyranny. For decades, the North Korean regime has silenced its people and subjected thousands to the most brutal conditions on Earth. The horrific repression of the Kim family is no se-cret, but lately the focus has been dominated by the nuclear threat. This is a crucial challenge which we must address. But it must not come at the cost of the Korean people. What would we say to God if we turned our backs on them? That we would have liked to help but we were too wor-ried about our own well-being? This would be unacceptable. We must not shut the door on their hopes for freedom so that we can live in peace. His-tory has taught us that no man, woman, or child is safe so long as tyrants are able to rule. North Korea is only the most recent ex-ample of this enduring lesson. The Kim regime has ruled the hermit king-dom for three generations, and throughout that time it has crushed all the liberties and human rights of the North Korean people to preserve its power. With unrivaled power over the North, the regime has turned its cruelty to-wards the outside world. By building nuclear weapons, the regime can hold all of humanity hostage. Kim Jong Un is hoping through nuclear blackmail, he can force other nations into ac-cepting his rule and his demands. Addressing the nuclear threat cannot be separate from en-suring human rights for all Koreans. The re-gime must be held to account for its abuses, despite the dangers. We must not be naı¨ve in talks with this evil regime. Many past presidents wanted to be-lieve we could reason with them. But the Kims achieved their power through violence and op-pression. Absolute control is what they are ac-custom to, so negotiating a mutual peace with the world achieves little for them. For the regime, peace is only acceptable when we remove sanctions, normalize rela-tions, and accept the unfettered imprisonment of the Korean people. But we cannot accept this. We will not be bullied or bargain away the future of Korea’s children. They are entitled to the same freedom and respect which our children enjoy. As we move forward in pursuing denuclearization on the Korean peninsula, we must also advocate for the rights of the Korean people. For our freedom from fear is inevitably linked to the freedom of the Korean people. Democracies and free societies do not act like this regime—and certainly do not threaten other people’s children to achieve their own goals. That is what terrorists do. We must also keep in mind the broader im-plications of a deal with the regime. If we re-ward the Kim dynasty for their development of nuclear arms, we will be setting a precedent for all dictators around the world. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:30 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A11JY8.012 E11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE999 July 11, 2018 
They will see that threatening the lives of millions with nuclear weapons brings rewards and acceptance by the international commu-nity. If a deal must be made, it must require safeguards and direct humanitarian assistance for the Korean people. Kim Jong Un cannot be permitted to use our gestures of good will as a weapon against his people. One day the Korean people will be united in freedom and security. We have it in our power to work towards that goal. The first step requires us not rewarding the regime’s threats. And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
SAM FARR AND NICK CASTLE PEACE CORPS REFORM ACT OF 2018 
SPEECH OF  
HON. JOSEPH P. KENNEDY III 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 10, 2018 Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, about 15 years ago, I walked into a community in the Dominican Republic with a loose grasp of the Spanish language and little idea about the his-tory or culture of those I would be living with for the next two years. For months, I worked hand in hand with that community to build sustainable ecotourism that continues to grow today. Wrestling with the existing industry there was hard. Battling with entrenched government inter-ests was hard. But the hardest part, the one that took months to achieve, was earning the trust of those people. People who to this day I’m proud to call some of my closest friends. And that is what the Peace Corps is all about. Men and women, young and old, walking into foreign lands and remote neighborhoods offering their own helping hand on behalf of this nation. Diplomats of democracy and decency em-bedded in the farthest corners of our globe. Volunteers exporting our values and our ideals in search of a kinder, fairer world. American might can be found on battlefields and military bases, yes, but it can also be found in the college graduate teaching in a small village in India or the recent retiree teaching a stranger in Belize how to build a business. Enactment of this bill will allow current and future Peace Corps Volunteers to carry out their important duty while improving their ac-cess to care and ensuring their safety and se-curity abroad. Before they even step foot on a plane, Vol-unteers will be made fully informed of the risks they face in the country in which they have been invited to serve. And once the jetlag has worn off and they’ve written their first letter home, we will guarantee that these Volunteers will have ac-cess to well-qualified medical officers and sup-port staff at overseas Peace Corps posts. In addition, this bill promises to take a num-ber of steps to address and combat instances of sexual assault by reauthorizing the Sexual Assault Advisory Council through 2023 and re-quiring the Peace Corps to provide information to host families regarding sexual assault pre-vention and awareness. And because we recognize that tragedies can occur and this service is not without risks, for any Volunteer who returns home with a service-connected disability, this legislation will help minimize bureaucratic delay and work to ensure that they receive the medical care they deserve without delay. Through their selfless and tireless work, Peace Corps Volunteers leave lasting, positive impressions in countries all across the world that can endure generations. With the bipartisan passage of this bill, we are one step closer to protecting our Volun-teers currently serving around the world and ensuring the Peace Corps’ influence reaches new heights. I thank Congressman POEfor his advocacy and his staff for helping advance this important piece of legislation. Before concluding, I would like to offer one point of clarification. Under Section 102 of this bill, if the Director of Peace Corps determines that the injury or illness is probably related to their service out-side of the U.S., a former Peace Corps Volun-teer will be able to access health care for such condition for 120 days. During this 120 period, the Department of Labor will provide a written authorization for physician or medical facility to provide medical treatment or examination to a former Peace Corps Volunteer. This authoriza-tion is referred to as a ‘‘voucher’’ under this legislation, and is the mechanism by which the Peace Corps Volunteer secures medical serv-ices from a medical provider when they seek medical services. For purposes of clarification, this voucher will be similar to Form CA–16 issued by the U.S. Department of Labor pro-vides medical coverage for a 60 day period. Under FECA, a federal employee injured while in the performance of duty has the initial right to select a physician of his/her choice to pro-vide necessary treatment. These medical ex-penses will be paid out of the Employees’ Compensation Fund established under the Federal Employees’ Compensation Act. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. GRACE F. NAPOLITANO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 11, 2018 Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, I was ab-sent during roll call votes No. 314–321. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yea’’ on H.R. 5793 the Housing Choice Voucher Mobil-ity Demonstration Act, ‘‘Yea’’ on H.R. 5749, Options Markets Stability Act, ‘‘Nay’’ on order-ing the previous question on H. Res. 965, ‘‘Nay’’ on H. Res. 965, Providing for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 200) Strengthening Fish-ing Communities and Increasing Flexibility in Fisheries Management Act, ‘‘Nay’’ on H. Res. 985, ‘‘Nay’’ on H. Res. 985, Providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 50) Unfunded Man-dates Information and Transparency Act and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3281) Reclamation Title Transfer and Non- Federal Infrastructure Incentivization Act, ‘‘Yea’’ on the Motion to Recommit H.R. 200, and ‘‘Nay’’ on H.R. 200, Strengthening Fishing Communities and Increasing Flexibility in Fish-eries Management Act. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the CONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Thursday, July 12, 2018 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
JULY 17 9:45 a.m. Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold hearings to examine an original bill entitled, ‘‘Endangered Species Act Amendments of 2018’’. SD–406 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine the Semi-annual Monetary Policy Report to the Congress. SH–216 Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine the Depart-ment of the Interior’s final list of crit-ical minerals for 2018 and opportunities to strengthen the United States’ min-eral security. SD–366 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine reducing health care costs, focusing on elimi-nating excess health care spending and improving quality and value for pa-tients. SD–430 11 a.m. Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe To hold hearings to examine Russia’s oc-cupation of Georgia and the erosion of the international order. SD–124 JULY 18 9:30 a.m. Special Committee on Aging To hold hearings to examine supporting economic stability and self-sufficiency as Americans with disabilities and their families age. SD–562 10 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine sharks. SR–253 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine the Admin-istration’s government reorganization proposal. SD–342 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:30 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JY8.015 E11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1000 July 11, 2018 
Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine promoting justice for victims of crime, focusing on the Federal investment in DNA analysis. SD–226 2:30 p.m. Committee on Finance Subcommittee on International Trade, Customs, and Global Competitiveness To hold hearings to examine trade and commerce at United States ports of entry. SD–215 Committee on Indian Affairs To hold hearings to examine S. 3060, to repeal section 2141 of the Revised Stat-utes to remove the prohibition on cer-tain alcohol manufacturing on Indian lands, and S. 3168, to amend the Omni-bus Public Land Management Act of 2009 to make Reclamation Water Set-tlements Fund permanent. SD–628 JULY 19 10 a.m. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Dennis Dean Kirk, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Merit Systems Protection Board, and to be Chairman of the Merit Systems Protection Board, Julia Akins Clark, of Maryland, and Andrew F. Maunz, of Ohio, both to be a Member of the Merit Systems Protec-tion Board, and Carmen Guerricagoitia McLean, to be an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia. SD–342 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:30 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M11JY8.000 E11JYPT1
D790 Wednesday, July 11, 2018 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate insisted on its amendment to H.R. 5895, Energy and Water, Legis-lative Branch, and Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appro-priations Act, agreed to the request from the House for a conference, and appointed conferees. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, Pages S4881–S4922 Measures Introduced: Seven bills and one resolu-tion were introduced, as follows: S. 3192–3198, and S. Res. 572.
                                                                  Page S4916 
Measures Reported: S. 1459, to establish Fort Sumter and Fort Moultrie National Park in the State of South Caro-lina, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–295) S. 1646, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of President Sta-tion in Baltimore, Maryland. (S. Rept. No. 115–296) H.R. 2786, to amend the Federal Power Act with respect to the criteria and process to qualify as a qualifying conduit hydropower facility, with an amendment. (S. Rept. No. 115–297) Report to accompany S. 3153, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal years 2018 and 2019 for intel-ligence and intelligence-related activities of the United States Government, the Community Manage-ment Account, and the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability System. (S. Rept. No. 115–298)
                                                                       Page S4916 
House Messages: Energy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Mili-tary Construction and Veterans Affairs Appro-priations Act: Senate insisted on its amendment to H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, agreed to the re-quest of the House for a conference, and authorized the Chair to appoint conferees on the part of the Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill to be instructed to insist on the inclusion in the final conference report the following motions proposed thereto:                                                       Page S4890 
Adopted: By 94 yeas to 5 nays (Vote No. 150), Cassidy Mo-tion to Instruct Conferees to insist that the final conference report include provisions that have the ef-fect of extending the National Flood Insurance Pro-gram, and the authority of the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency to issue notes and obligations with respect to that program, through January 31, 2019.
                           Pages S4890–91 
By 88 yeas to 11 nays (Vote No. 151), Corker Motion to Instruct Conferees to insist that the con-ference report include language providing a role for Congress in making a determination under section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 (19 U.S.C. 1862).
                                                                      Pages S4890–91 
The Chair appointed the following conferees on the part of the Senate: Senators Shelby, Alexander, Boozman, Daines, Lankford, Leahy, Feinstein, Schatz, and Murphy.
                                                                Page S4891 
Ney Nomination—Agreement: Senate resumed consideration of the nomination of Paul C. Ney, Jr., of Tennessee, to be General Counsel of the Depart-ment of Defense.
                                          Pages S4897–S4909 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 74 yeas to 25 nays (Vote No. 153), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
                                                          Pages S4896–97 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the nomination, post-cloture, at approximately 10 a.m., on Thursday, July 12, 2018; and that notwithstanding Rule XXII, all post-cloture time on the nomination expire at 1:30 p.m.
                                                                       Page S4919 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nomination: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Oct 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD18\JULY\D11JY8.REC D11JY8abonner on DSKBCJ7HB2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D791 July 11, 2018 
By 51 yeas to 48 nays (Vote No. EX. 152), Brian Allen Benczkowski, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Attorney General.
             Pages S4881–90, S4891–96, S4922 
Messages from the House:                         Pages S4910–11 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S4911 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:               Page S4911 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S4911–16 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S4916 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S4916–17 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S4917–18 
Additional Statements:                                         Page S4910 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                    Pages S4918–19 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S4919 
Record Votes: Four record votes were taken today. (Total—153)
                                       Page S4890–91, S4896–97 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 6:38 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Thursday, July 12, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S4919.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
CYBERSECURITY VULNERABILITIES Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Committee concluded a hearing to examine complex cybersecurity vulnerabilities, focusing on lessons learned from Spectre and Meltdown, after receiving testimony from Donna Dodson, Chief Cybersecurity Advisor, and Director, National Cybersecurity Center of Excellence, National Institute of Standards and Technology, Department of Commerce; Jose-Marie Griffiths, Dakota State University, Madison, South Dakota; Joyce Kim, Arm, San Jose, California; Art Manion, Carnegie Mellon University Software Engi-neering Institute, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania; and Sri Sridharan, University of South Florida Center for Cy-bersecurity, Tampa. RESTORE OUR PARKS ACT Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Sub-committee on National Parks concluded a hearing to examine S. 3172, to amend title 54, United States Code, to establish, fund, and provide for the use of amounts in a National Park Service Legacy Restora-tion Fund to address the maintenance backlog of the National Park Service, after receiving testimony from Senator Warner; Lena McDowall, Deputy Director, Management and Administration, National Park Service, Department of the Interior; Marcia Argust, The Pew Charitable Trusts, and Kristen Brengel, National Parks Conservation Association, both of Washington, D.C.; and Holly Fretwell, Property and Environment Research Center, Bozeman, Montana. FEDERAL INFRASTRUCTURE LOANS Committee on Environment and Public Works: Com-mittee concluded a hearing to examine the long- term value to United States taxpayers of low-cost Federal infrastructure loans, after receiving testimony from Douglas Holtz-Eakin, American Action Forum, Washington, D.C.; Brian Motyl, DelDOT, Dover, Delaware; and Vicente Sarmiento, Orange County Water District, Fountain Valley, California. PAID FAMILY LEAVE Committee on Finance: Subcommittee on Social Secu-rity, Pensions, and Family Policy concluded a hear-ing to examine the importance of paid family leave for American working families, after receiving testi-mony from Senators Ernst and Gillibrand; Andrew G. Biggs, American Enterprise Institute, and Vicki Shabo, National Partnership for Women and Fami-lies, both of Washington, D.C.; and Carolyn O’Boyle, Deloitte Services LP, Boston, Massachu-setts. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee ordered fa-vorably reported the following business items: S. Res. 557, expressing the sense of the Senate re-garding the strategic importance of NATO to the collective security of the transatlantic region and urging its member states to work together at the upcoming summit to strengthen the alliance, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; and A routine list in the Foreign Service. WARRANTLESS SMARTPHONE SEARCHES Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Subcommittee on Federal Spending Oversight and Emergency Management concluded a hearing to examine warrantless smartphone searches at the bor-der, including S. 823, to ensure the digital contents of electronic equipment and online accounts belong-ing to or in the possession of United States persons entering or exiting the United States are adequately protected at the border, after receiving testimony from Laura K. Donohue, Georgetown University Law Center, Neema Singh Guliani, American Civil Lib-erties Union, and Matthew Feeney, Cato Institute, all of Washington, D.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Oct 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD18\JULY\D11JY8.REC D11JY8abonner on DSKBCJ7HB2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD792 July 11, 2018 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Indian Affairs: Committee ordered favor-ably reported H.R. 597, to take lands in Sonoma County, California, into trust as part of the reserva-tion of the Lytton Rancheria of California. LEECH LAKE BAND OF OJIBWE RESERVATION RESTORATION ACT Committee on Indian Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine S. 2599, to provide for the trans-fer of certain Federal land in the State of Minnesota for the benefit of the Leech Lake Band of Ojibwe, after receiving testimony from Leslie Weldon, Dep-uty Chief, National Forest System, Forest Service, Department of Agriculture; and Faron Jackson, Sr., Leech Lake Band of Ojibwe, Cass Lake, Minnesota. NOMINATIONS Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Ryan Doug-las Nelson, of Idaho, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit, who was introduced by Senator Risch, Stephen R. Clark, Sr., to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Mis-souri, who was introduced by Senator Blunt, John M. O’Connor, to be United States District Judge for the Northern, Eastern and Western Districts of Oklahoma, who was introduced by Senator Lankford, Joshua Wolson, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, who was in-troduced by Senators Toomey and Casey, and James W. Carroll, Jr., of Virginia, to be Director of Na-tional Drug Control Policy, after the nominees testi-fied and answered questions in their own behalf. ELECTION SECURITY PREPARATIONS Committee on Rules and Administration: Committee concluded a hearing to examine election security preparations, focusing on Federal and vendor per-spectives, after receiving testimony from Thomas Hicks, Chair, and Christy McCormick, Vice Chair, both a Commissioner, United States Election Assist-ance Commission; Charles H. Romine, Director, In-formation Technology Laboratory, National Institute of Standards and Technology, Department of Com-merce; Matt Masterson, Senior Cybersecurity Advi-sor, National Protection and Programs Directorate, Department of Homeland Security; Scott Leiendecker, KNOWiNK, St. Louis, Missouri; Peter Lichtenheld, Hart InterCivic, Inc., Austin, Texas; and Bryan Finney, U.S. Election Infrastructure Sector Coordinating Council, Snoqualmie, Washington. BUSINESS MEETING Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in closed session to consider pending intelligence mat-ters. Committee recessed subject to the call. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 12 pub-lic bills, H.R. 6330–6341; and 3 resolutions, H. Res. 987–988, 990, were introduced.
     Pages H6110–11 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H6112–13 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 5105, to establish the United States Inter-national Development Finance Corporation, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–814); and H. Res. 989, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6237) to authorize appropriations for fis-cal years 2018 and 2019 for intelligence an l intel-ligence-related activities of the United States Gov-ernment, the Community Management Account, and the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Dis-ability System, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–815).
                                                                      Page H6110 Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Marshall to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H6043 
Recess: The House recessed at 11:03 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H6050 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rev. John Hill, Flint United Meth-odist Church, Alexander City, Alabama.
       Page H6050 
Moment of Silence: The House observed a moment of silence in honor of those who have been killed or wounded in service to our country and all those who serve and their families.
                                         Page H6050 
Unfunded Mandates Information and Trans-parency Act and Reclamation Title Transfer and Non-Federal Infrastructure Incentivization Act—Rule for Consideration: The House agreed to H. Res. 985, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 50) to provide for additional safeguards with respect to imposing Federal mandates, and providing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D11JY8.REC D11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D793 July 11, 2018 
for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3281) to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to facilitate the transfer to non-Federal ownership of appropriate reclamation projects or facilities, by a recorded vote of 229 ayes to 183 noes, Roll No. 319, after the previous ques-tion was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 228 yeas to 184 nays, Roll No. 318.
      Pages H6053–57, H6064–65 
Expressing support for the countries of Eastern Europe and the North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-tion: The House agreed to discharge from committee and agree to H. Res. 256, expressing support for the countries of Eastern Europe and the North Atlantic Treaty Organizations, amended by Representative Royce.
                                                                      Pages H6065–67 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘Express-ing support for the North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-tion and the countries of Central and Eastern Eu-rope.’’.
                                                                              Page H6067 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measure: Crooked River Ranch Fire Protection Act: H.R. 2075, amended, to adjust the eastern boundary of the Deschutes Canyon-Steelhead Falls Wilderness Study Area in the State of Oregon to facilitate fire prevention and response activities in order to protect adjacent private property.
                              Pages H6067–69 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To ad-just the eastern boundary of the Deschutes Canyon- Steelhead Falls and Deschutes Canyon Wilderness Study Areas in the State of Oregon to facilitate fire prevention and response activities to protect private property, and for other purposes.’’.
                  Page H6069 
Strengthening Fishing Communities and Increas-ing Flexibility in Fisheries Management Act: The House passed H.R. 200, to amend the Magnuson- Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act to provide flexibility for fishery managers and sta-bility for fishermen, by a yea-and-nay vote of 222 yeas to 193 nays, Roll No. 321.
                Pages H6069–98 
Rejected the Gomez motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on Natural Resources with in-structions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a yea-and-nay vote of 187 yeas to 228 nays, Roll No. 320. 
                                                                                    Pages H6097–98 
Pursuant to the Rule, it shall be in order to con-sider as an original bill for the purpose of amend-ment under the five-minute rule the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Com-mittee on Natural Resources now printed in the bill. 
                                                                                            Page H6076 
Agreed to: Young (AK) amendment (No. 1 printed in H. Rept. 115–786) that strikes sections 302(c) and 307, and modifies sections 205, 207, 304, 306, 406, and 408; also includes a new section regarding voting procedures for the Western Alaska Community De-velopment Quota Program’s administrative panel;                                                                                     Pages H6082–86 
Courtney amendment (No. 2 printed in H. Rept. 115–786) that creates an industry-based pilot trawl survey for the New England and Mid-Atlantic Fish-ery Management Council regions;
            Pages H6086–87 
Webster (FL) amendment (No. 5 printed in H. Rept. 115–786) that waives compensatory mitiga-tion requirements for maintenance dredging projects in certain inland waterways, inlets, or harbors; 
                                                                                    Pages H6089–90 
Graves (LA) amendment (No. 6 printed in H. Rept. 115–786), as modified, that requires the Comptroller General to submit a report to Congress on resource rent of LAPPs in the Gulf of Mexico and South Atlantic Fishery Management Councils, ways to the Treasury can reclaim that resource rent, and ways to eliminate fiduciary conflicts of interest in the South Atlantic and Gulf of Mexico Fishery Man-agement Councils;
                                             Pages H6090–91 
Keating amendment (No. 7 printed in H. Rept. 115–786) that directs the Secretary to submit a plan to establish fully operational electronic monitoring and reporting procedures for the ortheast Multispe-cies Fishery;
                                                          Pages H6091–02 
Poliquin amendment (No. 8 printed in H. Rept. 115–786) that requires NOAA to conduct a study on all fees it charges the lobster industry and report those findings to Congress;
                          Pages H6092–93 
Zeldin amendment (No. 9 printed in H. Rept. 115–786) that lifts the ban on striped bass fishing in the Block Island transit zone between Montauk, NY and Block Island, RI;
                             Pages H6093–94 
Keating amendment (No. 10 printed in H. Rept. 115–786) that directs the Secretary to use funds col-lected from penalties and fines for monitoring in ad-dition to traditional enforcement activities; and 
                                                                                    Pages H6094–95 
Gaetz amendment (No. 11 printed in H. Rept. 115–786), as modified, that rewards the elimination of lionfish from United States waters by allowing in-dividuals to exchange lionfish for tags authorizing fishing for certain species in addition to the number of such species otherwise authorized to be taken by such individuals.
                                                Pages H6095–96 
Rejected: Langevin amendment (No. 3 printed in H. Rept. 115–786) that sought to provide voting representa-tion for Rhode Island on the Mid-Atlantic Fishery Management Council (MAFMC); and
     Pages H6087–88 
Huffman amendment (No. 4 printed in H. Rept. 115–786) that sought to ensure that rebuilding plans are successful in rebuilding overfished fish stocks.
                                                                      Pages H6088–89 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D11JY8.REC D11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD794 July 11, 2018 
Agreed that in the engrossment of the bill, the Clerk be authorized to make technical corrections and conforming changes to the bill including the change placed at the desk.
                            Pages H6098–99 
H. Res. 965, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 200) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 227 ayes to 184 noes, Roll No. 317, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 225 yeas to 186 nays, Roll No. 316. 
                                                                                    Pages H6057–64 
Senate Referral: S. Con. Res. 41 was referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
                           Page H6109 
Senate Messages: Message received from the Senate and messages received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today and appear on pages H6053 and H6069. Quorum Calls—Votes: Four yea-and-nay votes and two recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H6063, H6063–64, H6064–65, H6065, H6097–98, and H6098. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 7:28 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Appropriations: Full Committee held a markup on FY 2019 Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies Appro-priations Bill. The FY 2019 Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill was ordered reported, as amend-ed. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE’S ROLE IN FOREIGN ASSISTANCE Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Emerg-ing Threats and Capabilities held a hearing entitled ‘‘Department of Defense’s Role in Foreign Assist-ance’’. Testimony was heard from Robert Jenkins, Deputy Assistant Administrator for Democracy, Conflict and Humanitarian Assistance, U.S. Agency for International Development; Jason Ladnier, Direc-tor, Office of Partnerships, Strategy, and Commu-nications, Bureau of Conflict and Stabilization Oper-ations, Department of State; Mark Mitchell, Prin-cipal Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Spe-cial Operations/Low-Intensity Conflict, Department of Defense; and public witnesses. OPPORTUNITIES TO IMPROVE THE 340B DRUG PRICING PROGRAM Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘Opportunities to Improve the 340B Drug Pricing Program’’. Testi-mony was heard from Debra Draper, Director, Health Care Team, Government Accountability Of-fice; and public witnesses. PROTECTING CUSTOMER PROPRIETARY NETWORK INFORMATION IN THE INTERNET AGE Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Communications and Technology held a hearing en-titled ‘‘Protecting Customer Proprietary Network In-formation in the Internet Age’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. EXAMINING DRUG-IMPAIRED DRIVING Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Digital Commerce and Consumer Protection held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Drug-Impaired Driv-ing’’. Testimony was heard from Jennifer Harmon, Assistant Director, Forensic Chemistry, Orange County Crime Laboratory, Orange County Sheriff’s Department, California; and public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 3555, the ‘‘Exchange Regulatory Improvement Act’’; H.R. 6177, the ‘‘Developing and Empowering our Aspiring Leaders Act’’; H.R. 6319, the ‘‘Expanding Investment in Small Businesses Act’’; H.R. 6322, the ‘‘Enhancing Multi-Class Stock Disclosure Act’’; H.R. 6324, the ‘‘Middle Market IPO Underwriting Cost Act’’; H.R. 6320, the ‘‘Pro-moting Transparent Standards for Corporate Insiders Act’’; H.R. 6321, the ‘‘Investment Adviser Regu-latory Flexibility Improvement Act’’; and H.R. 6323, the ‘‘National Senior Investor Initiative Act of 2018. H.R. 6321, H.R. 6319, and H.R. 6320 were ordered reported, without amendment. H.R. 3555, H.R. 6177, H.R. 6322, H.R. 6323, and H.R. 6324 were ordered reported, as amended. ADVANCING U.S. INTERESTS IN THE WESTERN HEMISPHERE Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Advancing U.S. Interests in the Western Hemisphere’’. Testimony was heard from Kenneth H. Merten, Acting Principal Deputy As-sistant Secretary, Bureau of Western Hemisphere Af-fairs, U.S. Department of State; and Sarah-Ann Lynch, Senior Deputy Assistant Administrator, Bu-reau for Latin America and the Caribbean, U.S. Agency for International Development. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D11JY8.REC D11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D795 July 11, 2018 
CHINA’S PREDATORY TRADE AND INVESTMENT STRATEGY Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Ter-rorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade; and Sub-committee on Asia and the Pacific held a joint hear-ing entitled ‘‘China’s Predatory Trade and Invest-ment Strategy’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. DHS’S PROGRESS IN SECURING ELECTION SYSTEMS AND OTHER CRITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE Committee on Homeland Security: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘DHS’s Progress in Securing Elec-tion Systems and Other Critical Infrastructure’’. Tes-timony was heard from Christopher Krebs, Under Secretary, National Protection and Programs Direc-torate, Department of Homeland Security; and Nel-lie Gorbea, Secretary of State, Rhode Island. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Natural Resources: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 577, to designate a peak in the State of Nevada as Maude Frazier Mountain; H.R. 1482, to authorize the Secretary of Agriculture to maintain or replace certain facilities and structures for commercial recreation services at Smith Gulch in Idaho, and for other purposes; H.R. 3764, the ‘‘Lit-tle Shell Tribe of Chippewa Indians Restoration Act of 2017’’; H.R. 5613, the ‘‘Quindaro Townsite Na-tional Historic Landmark Act’’; H.R. 6077, the ‘‘National Comedy Center Recognition Act’’; and H.R. 6302, to enact as law certain regulations relat-ing to the taking of double-crested cormorants. H.R. 577, H.R. 1482, and H.R. 6077 were ordered re-ported, without amendment. H.R. 3764, H.R. 5613, and H.R. 6302 were ordered reported, as amended. LEGISLATIVE MEASURES Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans held a hearing on H.R. 6038, to establish a procedure for the conveyance of certain Federal property around the Dickinson Res-ervoir in the State of North Dakota; H.R. 6039, to establish a procedure for the conveyance of certain Federal property around the Jamestown Reservoir in the State of North Dakota, and for other purposes; H.R. 6040, the ‘‘Contra Costa Canal Transfer Act’’; and H.R. 5556, the ‘‘Environmental Compliance Cost Transparency Act of 2018’’. Testimony was heard from Craig Headland, North Dakota State Legislative Assembly, Montpelier, North Dakota; Stephen Welch, Assistant General Manager, Contra Costa Water District, California; and Austin Ewell, Deputy Assistant Secretary for Water and Science, Department of the Interior; and public witnesses. THE MUSLIM BROTHERHOOD’S GLOBAL THREAT Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on National Security held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘The Muslim Brotherhood’s Global Threat’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. MATTHEW YOUNG POLLARD INTELLIGENCE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEARS 2018 AND 2019 Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 6237, the ‘‘Matthew Young Pollard Intel-ligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Years 2018 and 2019’’. The Committee granted, by record vote of 6–4, a rule providing for the consideration of H.R. 6237 under a structured rule. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. The rule waives all points of order against consider-ation of the bill. The rule makes in order as original text for purpose of amendment an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–80 and provides that it shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute. The rule makes in order only those fur-ther amendments printed in the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be con-sidered as read, shall be debatable for the time speci-fied in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amendments printed in the report. The rule provides one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. Testimony was heard from Chairman Nunes, and Representatives LoBiondo, Schiff, Hastings, Torres, and Jackson Lee. INNOVATION NATION: HOW SMALL BUSINESSES IN THE DIGITAL TECHNOLOGY INDUSTRY USE INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY Committee on Small Business: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Innovation Nation: How Small Businesses in the Digital Technology Industry Use Intellectual Property’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Ways and Means: Full Committee began a markup on H.R. 6301, to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide high deductible health plans with first dollar coverage flexibility; legislation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D11JY8.REC D11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD796 July 11, 2018 
to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide that direct primary care service arrangements do not disqualify deductible health savings account con-tributions, and for other purposes; H.R. 6305, the ‘‘Bipartisan HSA Improvement Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6312, the ‘‘PHIT Act’’; H.R. 6309, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow individuals entitled to Medicare Part A by reason of being over age 65 to contribute to health savings accounts; H.R. 6199, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to include certain over-the-counter medical products as qualified medical expenses; H.R. 6306, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to in-crease the contribution limitation for health savings accounts, and for other purposes; H.R. 6313, the ‘‘Responsible Additions and Increases to Sustain Em-ployee Health Benefits Act of 2018’’; H.R. 4616, to amend the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to provide for a temporary moratorium on the employer mandate and to provide for a delay in the implementation of the excise tax on high cost em-ployer-sponsored health coverage; H.R. 6314, the ‘‘Health Savings Act of 2018’’; and H.R. 6311, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to mod-ify the definition of qualified health plan for pur-poses of the health insurance premium tax credit and to allow individuals purchasing health insurance in the individual market to purchase a lower premium copper plan. 
Joint Meetings 
JOHN S. McCAIN NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT Conferees met to resolve the differences between the Senate and House passed versions of H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, but did not complete action thereon, and recessed subject to the call. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, JULY 12, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to hold hearings to examine the credit bureaus and the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold hear-ings to examine the policy issues facing interstate delivery networks for natural gas and electricity, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine tariffs, focusing on implications for United States for-eign policy and the international economy, 10 a.m., SD–419. Committee on the Judiciary: business meeting to consider S. 2946, to amend title 18, United States Code, to clarify the meaning of the terms ‘‘act of war’’ and ‘‘blocked asset’’, and the nominations of Britt Cagle Grant, of Georgia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Elev-enth Circuit, David James Porter, of Pennsylvania, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Third Circuit, A. Marvin Quattlebaum, Jr., of South Carolina, and Julius Ness Richardson, of South Carolina, both to be a United States Circuit Judge for the Fourth Circuit, Roy Kalman Altman, and Rodolfo Armando Ruiz II, both to be a United States District Judge for the Southern District of Florida, Raul M. Arias-Marxuach, to be United States District Judge for the District of Puerto Rico, and Maria Chapa Lopez, to be United States Attorney for the Mid-dle District of Florida, and Richard E. Taylor, Jr., to be United States Marshal for the Northern District of Texas, both of the Department of Justice, 10 a.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-ing regarding certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. House 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 959, the ‘‘Title VIII Nursing Workforce Reauthorization Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1676, the ‘‘Palliative Care and Hospice Education and Training Act’’; H.R. 3728, the ‘‘Educating Medical Professionals and Opti-mizing Workforce Efficiency Readiness Act of 2017’’; H.R. 5385, the ‘‘Children’s Hospital GME Support Reau-thorization Act of 2018’’; H. Res. 982, of inquiry re-questing the President, and directing the Secretary of Health and Human Services, to transmit, respectively, certain information to the House of Representatives refer-ring to the separation of children from their parents or guardians as a result of the President’s ‘‘zero tolerance’’ policy; H.R. 2278, the ‘‘Responsible Disposal Reauthor-ization Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2389, to reauthorize the West Valley demonstration project, and for other purposes; H.R. 1320, the ‘‘Nuclear Utilization of Keynote Energy Act’’; H.R. 6140, the ‘‘Advanced Nuclear Fuel Avail-ability Act’’; H.R. 6032, the ‘‘State of Modern Applica-tion, Research, and Trends of IoT Act’’; H.R. 2345, the ‘‘National Suicide Hotline Improvement Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3994, the ‘‘ACCESS BROADBAND Act’’; H.R. 4881, the ‘‘Precision Agriculture Connectivity Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5709, the ‘‘Preventing Illegal Radio Abuse Through Enforcement Act’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Annual Testimony of the Secretary of the Treasury on the State of the International Financial Sys-tem’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Terrorism and Illicit Finance, hear-ing entitled ‘‘Countering the Financial Networks of Weapons Proliferation’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D11JY8.REC D11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D797 July 11, 2018 Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere, hearing entitled ‘‘Nicaraguan Cri-sis: Next Steps to Advancing Democracy’’; and markup on H. Res. 981, condemning the violence, persecution, intimidation, and murders committed by the Government of Nicaragua against its citizens, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘Combating Tuberculosis in Southern Africa’’, 3 p.m., 2255 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Counterterrorism and Intelligence; and Subcommittee on Oversight and Management Efficiency, joint hearing enti-tled ‘‘Access Denied: Keeping Adversaries Away from the Homeland Security Supply Chain’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee; and full Committee of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of FBI and DOJ Actions Surrounding the 2016 Election: Testi-mony by FBI Deputy Assistant Director Peter Strzok’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Federal Lands, hearing entitled ‘‘The Essential Role of Livestock Grazing on Federal Lands and its Importance to Rural America’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee on Energy; and Subcommittee on Research and Tech-nology, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Big Data Challenges and Advanced Computing Solutions’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Ray-burn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Full Committee, business meeting to assign Representative Bill Flores of Texas to subcommittees; amend the Committee Rules to establish a Subcommittee on Technology Modernization; set the membership ratio of the subcommittee; assign a chair and ranking member of the subcommittee; assign majority and minority members of the subcommittee; and for other purposes, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. Full Committee, markup on H.R. 2409, to allow servicemembers to terminate their cable, satellite tele-vision, and Internet access service contracts while de-ployed; H.R. 2787, the ‘‘VET MD Act’’; H.R. 5538, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the inclusion of certain additional periods of active duty serv-ice for purposes of suspending charges to veterans’ entitle-ment to educational assistance under the laws adminis-tered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs during periods of suspended participation in vocational rehabilitation programs; H.R. 5649, the ‘‘Navy SEAL Chief Petty Offi-cer William ‘Bill’ Mulder (Ret.) Transition Improvement Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5693, the ‘‘Long-Term Care Veterans Choice Act’’; H.R. 5864, the ‘‘VA Hospitals Establishing Leadership Performance Act’’; H.R. 5882, the ‘‘Gold Star Spouses Leasing Relief Act’’; H.R. 5938, the ‘‘Veterans Serving Veterans Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5974, the ‘‘VA COST SAVINGS Enhancements Act’’; and H.R. 6066, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the pro-ductivity of the management of Department of Veterans Affairs health care, and for other purposes, 10:15 a.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, Full Committee, con-tinue markup on H.R. 6301, to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide high deductible health plans with first dollar coverage flexibility; legislation to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide that direct primary care service arrangements do not dis-qualify deductible health savings account contributions, and for other purposes; H.R. 6305, the ‘‘Bipartisan HSA Improvement Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6312, the ‘‘PHIT Act’’; H.R. 6309, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow individuals entitled to Medicare Part A by rea-son of being over age 65 to contribute to health savings accounts; H.R. 6199, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to include certain over-the-counter medical products as qualified medical expenses; H.R. 6306, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to increase the contribution limitation for health savings accounts, and for other purposes; H.R. 6313, the ‘‘Responsible Addi-tions and Increases to Sustain Employee Health Benefits Act of 2018’’; H.R. 4616, to amend the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act to provide for a temporary moratorium on the employer mandate and to provide for a delay in the implementation of the excise tax on high cost employer-sponsored health coverage; H.R. 6314, the ‘‘Health Savings Act of 2018’’; and H.R. 6311, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act to modify the definition of qualified health plan for purposes of the health insur-ance premium tax credit and to allow individuals pur-chasing health insurance in the individual market to pur-chase a lower premium copper plan, 10 a.m., 1100 Long-worth. 
Joint Meetings 
Conference: meeting of conferees on H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water development and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, 11 a.m., SVC–202/03. Joint Economic Committee: to hold hearings to examine the innovation economy, entrepreneurship, and barriers to capital access, 2:30 p.m., SH–216. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D11JY8.REC D11JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD798 July 11, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Thursday, July 12 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the nomination of Paul C. Ney, Jr., of Tennessee, to be General Counsel of the Department of Defense, post-cloture, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at 1:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Thursday, July 12 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Consideration of H.R. 3281— Reclamation Title Transfer and Non-Federal Infrastruc-ture Incentivization Act. Consideration of H.R. 6237— Matthew Young Pollard Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Years 2018 and 2019 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Bordallo, Madeleine Z., Guam, E995 Collins, Chris, N.Y., E997 Comer, James, Ky., E995 Diaz-Balart, Mario, Fla., E995 Doggett, Lloyd, Tex., E997 Gianforte, Greg, Mont., E998 Gutie´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E995 Issa, Darrell E., Calif., E998 Kennedy, Joseph P., III, Mass., E999 Mooney, Alexander X., W.Va., E996 Napolitano, Grace F., Calif., E999 Pelosi, Nancy, Calif., E997 Poe, Ted, Tex., E997, E998 Reed, Tom, N.Y., E995 Royce, Edward R., Calif., E996 Russell, Steve, Okla., E997 Shimkus, John, Ill., E996 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E997 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Jul 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D11JY8.REC D11JYPT1