Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H3455 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, APRIL 24, 2018 No. 66 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. P
OLIQUIN ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, April 24, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable B
RUCE  P
OLIQUIN to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Lasky, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed without amendment a bill of the House of the following title: 
H.R. 4300. An act to authorize Pacific His-toric Parks to establish a commemorative display to honor members of the United States Armed Forces who served in the Pa-cific Theater of World War II, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the Senate has passed a bill of the fol-lowing title in which the concurrence of the House is requested: 
S. 2325. An act to incentivize the hiring of United States workers in the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, and for other purposes. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 8, 2018, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 1:50 p.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. f 
APPLAUDING ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Guam (Ms. B
ORDALLO ) for 5 minutes. Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the crew of the USS Frank Cable, a submarine tender homeported at Naval Base Guam. The Frank Cable and her crew were selected for the 2018 Secretary of the Navy’s Environmental Award for large deck combatants in recognition of the crew’s efforts. The Frank Cable crew have worked diligently to minimize waste aboard and helped to clean up local communities, both on Guam and where they are deployed abroad. Caring for our island and conserving Guam’s natural resources are among my top priorities, and I am immensely proud of the Frank Cable crew’s achievement. The Secretary of the Navy’s award this year, plus a second award to the USS Frank Cable, the 2017 Chief of Naval Operations Environmental Ex-cellence Award, are examples of the partnership between the U.S. military and the people of Guam that we need. I, again, applaud the USS Frank Cable crew on their awards, and I hope that the military will continue to act as re-sponsible stewards of our island. 
f 
21ST CENTURY BEAN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. M
ARSHALL ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, if I could today, I would like to share a story about one of my favorite commu-nities in Kansas. At 3,681 feet of elevation, Goodland, Kansas, sits on the border of the Kan-sas-Colorado line. You can look to the west and see the Rocky Mountains lit-erally rising out of the Earth. Partially because of that elevation and the many hot, dry days there, the farmers have struggled for decades for a great crop. But about 20 years ago, one of my good friends, Alan Townsend, and the farmers who make up 21st Century Bean, started growing pinto beans. They had some success, and then they started growing black-eyed peas and garbanzos as well. Today, 21st Century Bean grows 40 million pounds of beans every day. They had success at that, and they said: You know what else we can do? We can process and package these here. So they formed a processing plant and hired more employees. That was a suc-cess. Eventually, they hired a trucking company. They now have their own trucking company to ship their prod-ucts. Today, and every day, 21st Cen-tury Bean ships out enough beans to feed a million people across this coun-try. The great thing is, their main cus-tomer is food banks across this great country as well. I am so proud that we have made food banks such a priority in this year’s nutrition bill, the farm bill. This year, we are going to increase spending from $15 million to $60 million for food banks. Some other significant products coming out of this nutrition bill is that we are going to make access to nutri-tion easier for the elderly, for those in the military, and, what I am especially proud of, we are rewarding children for making healthy choices like fresh vegetables and fresh fruit, as well as the greatest drink known to mankind, wholesome milk. Mr. Speaker, as an OB/GYN for the past 30 years, I certainly know how im-portant nutrition is, from preconcep-tion, during pregnancy, breastfeeding moms, and all the way to the last dec-ades of life. I am so proud that this bill has made a priority helping protect 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24AP7.000 H24APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3456 April 24, 2018 
those on the edges of life: the newborn and the elderly. I am proud that our country spends $115 billion every year to help those who need food assistance and spends another $3 billion of nutrition assist-ance across the world. But what I am really proud of, though, is this gives everybody on food stamps and nutri-tion assistance a chance, an oppor-tunity for some type of work training. I think there is no greater gift we can give to people than teaching them how to fish, as well as giving them fish when they are in need. I think that this is a great thing to do. I think it is a great opportunity for people. Over 80 percent of Americans believe in this policy. I believe that this is not a pun-ishment, but rather an opportunity we give to people. I stand so proudly behind the nutri-tion component of this farm bill, which we have strived so hard to improve. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JUDGE PAUL W. DANAHY, JR., ON HIS 90TH BIRTHDAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. C
ASTOR ) for 5 minutes. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Judge Paul Danahy, Jr., a leader of distinction from Tampa, Florida, and part of Flor-ida’s Greatest Generation. Judge Danahy is celebrating his 90th birthday this week. Judge Danahy was one of the longest serving members of Florida’s Second District Court of Appeals. The judge may also wish to be remembered for working his way through college at the legendary Tampa’s Valencia Garden restaurant as the only Anglo member of the Spanish waiters for many, many years. Wherever Judge Danahy worked and served, he earned a reputation for working tirelessly and gaining the re-spect of all he worked with. Born in Hopkinton, Massachusetts, Judge Danahy was drawn to Tampa to play basketball at the University of Tampa. In Tampa, he found both a new hometown and the love of his life, Georgia Reed. Judge Danahy enlisted in the Army during the Korean war and has a very unique military record, including three honorable discharges from two branches of the military: the Marine Reserves, the U.S. Army Infantry, and finally from service in the Army Counter Intelligence Corps, a precursor to the CIA. Upon return from military service, he found his true calling and earned his law degree from the Univer-sity of Florida in 1957. Judge Danahy became an influential member of the Florida House of Rep-resentatives, serving from 1966 to 1974. True to form, Judge Danahy played a significant role as part of what many believe to be Tampa’s greatest State legislative delegations during the 1960s and early 1970s. There, amongst other progressive policies, he drafted and championed the first ethics law in the State of Florida, which continues in force to this day and is now firmly ensconced in Florida’s constitution. The Florida we know and love today would not be pos-sible without the contributions of Judge Danahy and his partners in Flor-ida’s Greatest Generation. After leaving the legislature, Judge Danahy’s service was only beginning. He was appointed to the Second Dis-trict Court of Appeals in 1977, and sat on the bench a record-shattering 33 years, serving as chief judge from 1986 to 1988. In his 30th year at the court, Judge Danahy received a fitting rec-ognition: the largest conference room at the Tampa branch of the Second District Court of Appeals was named the Judge Paul Danahy, Jr., Con-ference Room. This recognition not only honored his record-setting time on the bench, but also his legislative accomplishments. He was largely re-sponsible for obtaining the legislative funding to bring the branch to Tampa. Mr. Speaker, it gives me great pride to honor and send many wishes to a great Tampanian, part of Florida’s Greatest Generation of leaders, Judge Paul W. Danahy, Jr., on his 90th birth-day. His legacy continues as the patri-arch of an ever-growing family to whom he imparts his wisdom and through whom his lessons and beliefs will surely echo in the years to come. 
f 
POSITIVE IMPACT ON OUR ECONOMY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, today, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is already having an incredibly positive impact on our economy. Hundreds of compa-nies have already offered billions in bo-nuses and raises for their employees, far from the crumbs predicted by some of my colleagues, or the predicted Ar-mageddon. The best part is, this is just the be-ginning, as the law won’t even take full effect until next year, when we retire much of the current tax calculation process and the burdens of it. That is when taxpayers will notice the biggest difference when filing their tax re-turns. Despite these early positive signs, some individuals claim people should still pay more in taxes. They also think they themselves should pay more, like our friend Bill Gates. He says: ‘‘I need to pay higher taxes. I’ve paid more taxes, over $10 billion, than anyone else, but the government should require the people in my posi-tion to pay significantly higher taxes.’’ Interesting. Not to be outdone, Mr. Gates’ fellow billionaire buddy and Berkshire Hatha-way CEO, Warren Buffett, has offered similar ideas about the need for people like himself to pay more in taxes. Fine. But the amount of financial security established by people like this is obvi-ously far from mainstream Americans and what they earn themselves. Before they amassed their current fortunes, were they as considerably outspoken on the need for progressive taxation, long before establishing themselves as some of the richest men in the world? I don’t think so. Indeed, these days, much of their funds are stashed away in foundations and not voluntarily paid forward as taxes to the U.S. Govern-ment. I find that interesting. In short, no amount of taxation would truly im-pact their lives as it would for main-stream, middle-income Americans. It does impact everyone else. What is more, I do hear some people in the mainstream who are middle-in-come folks saying they wouldn’t mind paying more in taxes for this or that. What I don’t get is why they demand that their neighbor does so, too. In America, many middle-income families enjoying lower rates question how well their government is spending and managing what they tax them for now. For them, the government report card isn’t so good. They don’t wish to entrust government with more of their earnings and more of the hard work from the sweat of their brow to an inef-ficient bureaucracy, even if their neighbors demand that they do, or that the government demands it of them by its power of taxation. So what I am proposing is a bill with my colleague, Majority Whip STEVE  S
CALISE , called the Donate Extra Money Against National Debt Act, or the DEMAND Act, for those who de-mand to pay more. This bill will allow those who want to pay more than re-quired to simply check a box on their tax return and donate as much money to the Treasury as they would like. Our bill would add to the 1040 tax form a check box and a line stating: By checking here, I signify that in addi-tion to my tax liability, I would like to donate the included payment to be used exclusively for the purpose of pay-ing down the national debt. Before, there was no simple or obvi-ous way to accomplish this. This makes it easy and obvious in how to do so. This way, anyone who feels the need to pay more in taxes has an easy way to do so. For millions of other hardworking Americans and business owners who suffered under our previous Tax Code and tax law, they will not be forced to do so under that Code any longer. This bill, indeed, is one of those rare win-wins. Bill Gates and Warren Buffett or anyone who feels they are not paying enough can donate as much money to the Treasury as they would like, while everyday American busi-nesses will thrive in a probusiness and progrowth climate, all this without Congress demanding more or people ha-ranguing their neighbors. After all, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is already working. U.S. companies are already paying out more than $4 billion 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24AP7.002 H24APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3457 April 24, 2018 
in bonuses, while over 4 million Amer-ican workers have already received a pay raise, bonus, or other financial in-vestment. Even Warren Buffett re-cently referred to the new law as being a ‘‘huge tailwind’’ for American busi-nesses. b1215 As much as Senator S
CHUMER or Mi-nority Leader P
ELOSI would like to trumpet tax reform as unpopular, bad for the economy, Armageddon, or just crumbs for people, they are missing the point. Tax reform grows more popular each day, especially as more and more Americans see more in their paychecks and begin to realize how they stand to benefit under this new law, especially when the full extent of the law has not yet been felt until next year. Instead of taking away those savings and benefits, the majority whip and I are giving the people who feel so strongly the option to help pay down the deficit on their own accord volun-tarily. I applaud the philanthropic work of Mr. Gates, Mr. Buffett, and others, but the DEMAND Act doesn’t force anyone to do anything; it allows certain individuals who demand to pay more in taxes to put their money where their mouth is. Indeed, Senator Biden, a few years ago, said paying taxes is patriotic, so let those who demand to pay more, who want to pay more, lead the way in the new patriotism. 
f 
THE WHITE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. J
EFFRIES ) for 5 minutes. Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to address another egregious misrepresentation coming from you know who. How dare anyone refer to an overpriced luxury golf course as the Southern White House. Let’s be clear about something: The Civil War is over. Jefferson Davis failed. The Confederacy lost. There is no such thing as the Southern White House. Thousands of Americans died on the battlefield and shed blood, sweat, and tears to make certain that, in this country, only one institution con-nected to the executive branch stood in the land of the free and the home of the brave. That institution is located right here in our Nation’s Capital. The ad-dress is 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. It was built by slaves. The White House does not belong to the ghosts of the Confederacy. The White House does not belong to Vladi-mir Putin or his indigenous collabo-rators. The White House does not be-long to a privately owned real estate cartel to be used and abused as a prop for an infomercial. We are a government of the people, by the people, and for the people. The White House belongs to the American people. TAX CUTS AND JOBS ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. FOXX) for 5 min-utes. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to dispute the absurdity that the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act benefits only the wealthy, leaving nothing but crumbs for the rest. As someone who started contributing to my family’s household income at age 12, I am all too familiar with the many struggles of our country’s work-ing and middle classes. Despite their steady perseverance in the face of poli-ticians whose fiscal philosophy was ‘‘government knows best,’’ the working poor and middle class have been chewed up by the system that same philosophy promulgated. Republicans’ Tax Cuts and Jobs Act delivers a modern Tax Code that is fis-cally responsible, levels the playing field, and supports working-class Americans. Republicans understand that progrowth tax reform means sim-pler and fairer taxes that provide much-needed relief to the middle class and our small businesses. It also means security for American jobs, more take- home pay for the workforce, and a level playing field for Americans’ farms and businesses. By doubling the standard deduction, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will move more low-income Americans into the zero tax bracket. For married couples filing jointly, this translates to $24,000 yearly that is free—free—from Federal taxes. This also means that working- class Americans will be able to take home more of their hard-earned pay-checks. Currently, over 70 percent of the peo-ple in the United States already take the standard deduction. By doubling the standard deduction, even more Americans will be spared from itemizing, and the process will be so simple that they can file on a postcard. For those few Americans who do elect to itemize, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act preserves the child and dependent care tax credit, the adoption tax credit, the deduction for charitable contributions, the home mortgage interest deduction for existing mortgages, and the deduc-tion for newly purchased homes for in-terest on up to $750,000 of mortgage principal. It also continues to allow for writeoff of State and local property taxes up to $10,000. Finally, it expands the medical expense deduction in 2018 for medical expenses exceeding 7.5 percent of ad-justed gross income and rises to 10 per-cent beginning in 2019. Last, by lowering the crippling taxes on businesses, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act translates to an increase in em-ployment and workers’ wages. We are seeing the lowest unemployment rate since 2000, and 4 million workers and counting have seen the benefits of these historic tax cuts in their income. Businesses across the country are giv-ing bonuses, pay raises, and new in-vestments. Bonuses alone amount to over $4 billion across businesses coun-trywide. The evidence that tax cuts provide substantial relief for the working and middle classes is clear. The Democrats’ approach was to defend a Tax Code rid-dled with high taxes and loopholes, but I am proud that Republicans delivered on our promise to bring relief to Amer-ican workers and happy to say that we are only beginning to see the benefits of this historic tax cut for America’s businesses, workers, families, and job creators. 
f 
THE HEROIC ACTS OF JAMES SHAW, JR., AND TAMMIE JO SHULTS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. C
OHEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, malevolent actions and accidents give an oppor-tunity for people to rise to heroic ac-tions. America is a country familiar with heroes. At a sad and awful event this week-end in Nashville, Davidson County, at a Waffle House where four individuals were killed and four injured by a crazed individual with an AR–15, a man named James Shaw, Jr., rallied all of his cour-age and strength to rise to the occasion of heroics, to get the assailant, take his gun from him, and to save his life and other people’s lives. James Shaw, Jr., is a lifetime Nashvillian. He didn’t plan to be a hero that day, but he rose to the occasion. I take my hat off to him and commend him for his actions in saving other lives. Just a week or so earlier, we had a Southwest Airlines plane that would have crashed if it weren’t for a great pilot, possibly, a plane that, tragically, had a piece of the wing come off and fly into the airplane and cause the death of a passenger and chaos on the plane. The pilot, a trained Navy fighter pilot, Tammie Jo Shults, stayed calm and brought that plane in safely with-out any other loss of life or injuries. She is a Sully part 2: Sullenberger, who took that plane in New York and land-ed it in the river and saved a lot of peo-ple’s lives. We all honored Sully, as we should and should have. We need to honor Tammie Jo Shults in the same way. She is Sullenberger part 2. And James Shaw, Jr., of Nashville is a hero of the same dimension, and he saved many American lives. Those acts need to be remembered, reflected upon, and hon-ored. I do so today, and I know other Members of this House do as well. 
f 
HONORING JUDGE PATRICIA GIFFORD The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. B
ROOKS ) for 5 minutes. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor the life of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\APRIL\H24AP8.REC H24AP8abonner on DSKBCJ7HB2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3458 April 24, 2018 
Judge Patricia Gifford, who recently passed away, unexpectedly, just shy of her 80th birthday. She was a pillar in the Marion Coun-ty, Indianapolis, Indiana, community; a role model for so many lawyers and judges; and a dear friend. She will be forever remembered for inspiring women and redefining the role of women in the courtroom. She was one of only two females in her law school class. She was part of a team of the first women in the country appointed to prosecute only sex crimes cases, primarily rape cases, and she was the sixth female to assume the bench in Indiana. In 1992, Judge Gifford gained inter-national recognition for presiding over the famous rape trial of former heavy-weight boxing champion Mike Tyson. The extensive international media cov-erage could have easily turned that trial into a circus, but not under her watch. Judge Gifford was widely praised throughout the country for keeping order throughout the trial and presiding over a fair trial. Those of us who practiced in her court expected nothing less. She retired after a 30-year distin-guished career on the bench. The peo-ple of Indiana’s Fifth Congressional District, and especially those in Mar-ion County, are forever grateful for Judge Gifford’s many contributions to our Hoosier community. We join her family—her husband, Bob Butsch; her daughter, Jennifer Butsch Petit; and her family—in mourning our loss. 
f 
NATIONAL MENINGITIS AWARENESS DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. P
AULSEN ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask my colleagues to support a resolution that I am introducing to raise awareness of the danger of menin-gitis B. Nearly 1,000 Americans contract the meningitis disease each year, and for more than 15 percent of the victims, it is, tragically, fatal. I want to share the stories of two of those victims here today. Emily Stillman was born on Sep-tember 11, 1993. She used to joke that she had the unluckiest birthday, but her mom, Alicia, was always quick to reply: No; it was one of the luckiest days of our lives. Emily was a 19-year-old sophomore at Kalamazoo College in Michigan when she contracted meningitis B, and on January 31, 2013, Emily called home complaining of a headache. She was hospitalized for just 36 hours, and then she passed away. Emily had a rare strain of meningitis for which there was no approved vac-cine yet in the United States. It was a shock, of course, to the Stillman fam-ily that their young daughter, who was so vibrant and full of life, was taken away at such a young age. Then, in 2014, just a little later, the vaccine for meningitis B was finally approved by the FDA and made avail-able here in the United States after I and several other of my colleagues had been advocating for its approval. Yet, even today, fewer than 10 percent of young people receive the meningitis B vaccine. Emily’s mother, Alicia, who is in the gallery with us today, founded The Emily Stillman Foundation to help preserve her daughter’s memory and also advocate both for vaccination and organ donation. Mr. Speaker, Patti Wukovits also lost her 17-year-old daughter Kimberly in 2012. Patti is also joining us here in the House gallery today. Her daughter Kimberly Coffey was a high school senior on Long Island and was just 17 years old when she con-tracted meningitis B back in 2012. Her parents, of course, were blindsided, thinking she had been vaccinated. Within hours of being hospitalized, she went into cardiac arrest and her organs began to fail. Her mother had to make that agonizing decision to actually re-move her from life support. To honor Kimberly’s memory, Patti founded The Kimberly Coffey Founda-tion, with the mission of also edu-cating others about the importance of vaccination against meningitis B. Mr. Speaker, the resolution that I am introducing today will designate April 24 as National Meningitis Awareness Day to help educate other parents and other young people about the dangers of meningitis and the important need for vaccination. Alicia Stillman and Patti Wukovits already know that alerting families about a simple vaccine can prevent a tragedy. It is also time for us, Mr. Speaker, to broaden the awareness so that they are not just doing this on their own. 
f 
b1230 BREAKING THE SILENCE: AD-DRESSING SEXUAL ASSAULT ON CAMPUS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) for 5 minutes. Mr. POE of Texas. ‘‘Have courage and be kind.’’ These were the words Megan Rondini left behind on a whiteboard in her school apartment. Yesterday, at a Sexual Assault on Campus Forum at Rice University in Houston, Texas, sponsored by the Vic-tims’ Rights Caucus, Megan’s father, Mike Rondini, spoke these words. He is from Austin. He tries to live by these words every day. Megan Rondini was sexually as-saulted while a student at the Univer-sity of Alabama in 2015. Doing every-thing a sexual assault victim should do, Megan immediately called the po-lice and went to the hospital, but the hospital did not have a sexual assault forensic examiner or a SANE on staff, meaning no one there was trained to properly deal with a sexual assault vic-tim or properly collect DNA evidence for a rape kit. As a former prosecutor and a judge, I have seen, firsthand, the trauma and pain that rape causes victims. Some-times that pain never goes away. The hospital’s failure to provide adequate care left Megan feeling hopeless and alone. After the hospital, she went to the police station, and there she was treat-ed with disdain. The police didn’t be-lieve her and instead read her, the vic-tim—get this—the Miranda warnings. Are you kidding me? Rape is never the fault of the victim. When Megan sought counseling at the university, the counselor abruptly interrupted her and told her she was close to the family of the rapist and promptly turned Megan away, pro-viding no other counselor. Megan was completely failed by the system—by the university, the hos-pital, and the police. Mr. Speaker, not long after, she took her life. Megan’s story is heartbreaking, but her memory reminds us that we must be tenacious in fighting sexual assault on campus and everywhere else. The unfortunate reality, Mr. Speaker, is that stories like Megan’s are common. Congressmen OLSON , CULBERSON , and I joined together at the forum yester-day, and we all heard stories about this, firsthand, from victims. It is al-ways personal. When victims are ig-nored and rejected, they feel like they have been abandoned, and in many cases, they have been. They are forced to relive their attack over and over again. Last year, I introduced, along with my friend, C
AROLYN MALONEY , the bi-partisan Megan Rondini Act, a bill that would require hospitals to provide ac-cess to a SAFE (Sexual Assault Forensics Examiner) or a SANE (Sex-ual Assault Nurse Examiner) or have a plan in place to get a victim to a near-by hospital that can provide forensic medical services. Professor and sexual assault nurse examiner Nancy Downing from Texas A&M testified yesterday that by providing SANEs to rape vic-tims, a hospital can dramatically im-prove a victim’s chance to recover emotionally and medically from the at-tack. In addition, I am a cosponsor to C
AROLYN MALONEY ’S(NY) bipartisan legislation to require colleges to have a sexual assault victim advocate on staff to assist and advise sexual assault vic-tims. There should be no more school counselors that turn victims away. The director of public policy for Texas Association Against Sexual As-sault, Chris Kaiser, also testified, and he talked about how the Association and other associations are working on many levels to provide a culture of change within law enforcement and the attitude of peace officers regarding this type of crime, and also, more re-porting require. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24AP7.006 H24APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3459 April 24, 2018 
Treating victims like criminals is never okay. Remember, Mr. Speaker, rape is never the fault of the victim. As we become more aware of this das-tardly crime, some schools, like Rice University, have made excellent strides to address sexual assault on campus. The Rice dean of undergraduates, Dr. John Hutchinson, and former Rice stu-dent body president, Justin Onwenu, both testified about the many positive proactive steps Rice has taken; a guide for other universities. Rice University requires all students to participate in a student-driven 6- week course that teaches young college students to notice the signs of sexual assault and work to change the culture that allows sexual assault to occur on campus. It is work like this that will help foster a culture change where sur-vivors of sexual assault will feel sup-ported by our community. Sexual assault on campus must end. We must change the culture to prevent this crime. We must give victims sup-port to recover and become survivors, and we must let offenders know they will be held accountable for their acts, and they will meet the law. Mr. Speaker, we should follow the words of Megan Rondini: ‘‘Have cour-age, and be kind.’’ And that is just the way it is. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 35 minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Ms. F
OXX) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Eternal God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. We pause in Your presence and ask guidance for the men and women of the people’s House. Enable them, O God, to act on what they believe to be right and just, and to do so in ways that show respect for those with whom they disagree. In this, may they grow to be models and good examples in a time when so many in our world are unable to engage grace-fully with those with whom they are at odds. Bless us this day and every day, and may all that is done within the peo-ple’s House be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House her approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Madam Speak-er, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I de-mand a vote on agreeing to the Speak-er’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Madam Speak-er, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8, rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands (Mr. S
ABLAN ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Alle-giance. Mr. SABLAN led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
IN MEMORY OF HAROLD K. GRAVES, JR. (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Madam Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and passing of Harold K. Graves, Jr. A native of Kentucky, Harold later lived in Oklahoma, moved to California at a very young age, and eventually to Nevada County. Throughout his life, he developed a reputation for being a natural born leader, whether it was as a young man leading his fellow mates in the neigh-borhood at playtime or carrying on through his service in Vietnam and in civilian life. He went through basic training at Fort Ord, California, was chosen for Officer Candidate School in Georgia, and then went on to Ranger School. First Lieutenant Graves received many distinguished awards for his her-oism in combat, including the Silver Star, Bronze Star, Purple Heart, and many more. He was a special assistant to a general for a time. When he learned after one day that one of his duties was setting out nametags for dinner, he requested to move on to a different type of tougher duty. That was his leadership. That was Harold. Back home, Harold quickly became a leader in his community as well. He served as president of many commu-nity organizations, including the local chamber and Rotary. With his Holly-wood actor looks, he charmed many, including his beautiful wife, Patricia. They went on to have two beautiful daughters, Jennifer and Kerry, and four wonderful grandchildren. In his service to Nevada City and Ne-vada County, Harold was president of the local Vietnam Veterans of America chapter and became an honorary mem-ber of the Blue Knights Law Enforce-ment Motorcycle Club. I was proud to have known him. Even in hard times, such as after he laid the motorcycle over, he still had that charm and presence even when he was recovering. We will miss him. He was a great asset to our community and to the United States, as well as his family. God bless him and his family. f 
DEMOCRATS WILL KEEP OUR PROMISE (Mr. SABLAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. SABLAN. Madam Speaker, Re-publicans have relentlessly tried to un-dermine the pillars of Americans’ re-tirement security. The Trump budget alone calls for $500 billion in cuts to Medicare, almost $1.5 trillion in cuts to Medicaid, and $72 bil-lion in cuts to Social Security dis-ability. Democrats will keep our prom-ise to our seniors and protect the health, well-being, and financial secu-rity of American families by strength-ening Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security. Moreover, the Trump budget calls for cuts to vital childcare development block grants that help ensure working parents have access to quality, afford-able child care. Democrats are calling for expanded childcare assistance and universal access to high-quality pre-school programs so every child can have a strong start. 
f 
SOLIDARITY WITH THE PEOPLE OF NICARAGUA (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Madam Speak-er, I rise today to condemn the actions of Daniel Ortega against the people of Nicaragua who peacefully protested the regime. Ortega has taken a page out of the Castro and Maduro playbook and has unleashed his national police to kill more than 30 young Nicaraguans and injure many others over the weekend. He is presenting a false narrative that the political protests are political maneuverings by the opposition, giving him the excuse to censure all inde-pendent media, while his people beat, jail, and kill students who are fighting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24AP7.011 H24APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3460 April 24, 2018 
for their basic rights. He has changed presidential term limits, dismantled democratic institutions, and com-mitted electoral fraud. Madam Speaker, this is a country that has endured two dictatorships and a civil war. We must demonstrate our solidarity with the people of Nica-ragua. I urge my colleagues in the Sen-ate to pass my NICA Act to cut funding to Ortega, and I urge the administra-tion to sanction more Ortega officials who are committing human rights abuses. We must not allow Ortega’s ac-tions to go unpunished. 
f 
A BETTER DEAL (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Madam Speaker, it is wrong that Republicans continue to pursue policies that clearly benefit only the wealthiest Americans and large corporations, in particular, leav-ing middle class Americans behind. They have undermined our healthcare system, raising premiums on Ameri-cans and increasing the cost of pre-scription drugs. That is the impact of what this Republican majority has done. At a time when we see more Ameri-cans concerned about rising healthcare costs, we really ought to be figuring out ways to work together. I know Democrats and Republicans can do that. But instead, the Republican ma-jority is focused on tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans and the biggest corporations, essentially passing huge benefits—$250 billion—to CEOs and wealthy shareholders, mostly through stock buybacks, which is money that does not go to America’s workers. Now, Republicans are using their def-icit-exploding tax plan to justify huge cuts that could impact Medicare, Med-icaid, and Social Security. That is a raw deal. Democrats are offering a better deal. We want to grow our economy and cre-ate high-wage jobs that support a fam-ily, not just so they can just get by, but so they can actually succeed. We have a plan for opportunities. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 3:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 9 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1537 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. L
AMALFA ) at 3 o’clock and 37 minutes p.m. ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or votes objected to under clause 6 of rule XX. The House will resume proceedings on postponed questions at a later time. f 
JUSTICE FOR UNCOMPENSATED SURVIVORS TODAY (JUST) ACT OF 2017 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 447) to require reporting on acts of certain foreign countries on Holo-caust era assets and related issues. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 447 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Justice for Uncompensated Survivors Today (JUST) Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. REPORT ON HOLOCAUST ERA ASSETS AND RELATED ISSUES. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; (C) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and (D) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. (2) C
OVERED COUNTRIES .—The term ‘‘cov-ered countries’’ means participants in the 2009 Holocaust Era Assets Conference that are determined by the Secretary of State, or the Secretary’s designee, in consultation with expert nongovernmental organizations, to be countries of particular concern relative to the issues listed in subsection (b). (3) W
RONGFULLY SEIZED OR TRANSFERRED .— The term ‘‘wrongfully seized or transferred’’ includes confiscations, expropriations, na-tionalizations, forced sales or transfers, and sales or transfers under duress during the Holocaust era or the period of Communist rule of a covered country. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees that assesses and describes the nature and extent of national laws and enforceable poli-cies of covered countries regarding the iden-tification and the return of or restitution for wrongfully seized or transferred Holocaust era assets consistent with, and evaluated with respect to, the goals and objectives of the 2009 Holocaust Era Assets Conference, in-cluding— (1) the return to the rightful owner of any property, including religious or communal property, that was wrongfully seized or transferred; (2) if return of any property described in paragraph (1) is no longer possible, the provi-sion of comparable substitute property or the payment of equitable compensation to the rightful owner in accordance with prin-ciples of justice and through an expeditious claims-driven administrative process that is just, transparent, and fair; (3) in the case of heirless property, the pro-vision of property or compensation to assist needy Holocaust survivors, to support Holo-caust education, and for other purposes; (4) the extent to which such laws and poli-cies are implemented and enforced in prac-tice, including through any applicable ad-ministrative or judicial processes; and (5) to the extent practicable, the mecha-nism for and an overview of progress toward the resolution of claims for United States citizen Holocaust survivors and United States citizen family members of Holocaust victims. (c) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that after the submission of the re-port described in subsection (b), the Sec-retary of State should continue to report to Congress on Holocaust era assets and related issues in a manner that is consistent with the manner in which the Department of State reported on such matters before the date of the enactment of the Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition to this measure. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gentleman from New York favor the motion? Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I do. The SPEAKER pro tempore. On that basis, pursuant to the rule, the gentle-woman from Florida (Ms. R
OS- L
EHTINEN ) will control the 20 minutes in opposition. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rial. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 10 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ), and I ask unan-imous consent that he be allowed to control that time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, as the Nazis ravaged Europe, confiscation of property was just one of the many injustices Holo-caust victims endured. In the almost 75 years since World War II ended, helping to repair the wrongs inflicted by the Nazis by restor-ing the property of millions of people who had their lives torn apart has proven a difficult and challenging prob-lem. The 2009 Holocaust Era Assets Con-ference addressed the ongoing injus-tices created by the Holocaust, includ-ing guidance related to restitution of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24AP7.010 H24APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3461 April 24, 2018 
property wrongfully seized. However, among the 46 signers to this declara-tion, including the United States, there are vast disparities in the degree to which the laws and policies of each country fulfill these principles to com-pensate survivors. This act will help hold governments accountable that have fallen short of their commitment to these important principles. This bill requires the State Depart-ment to assess the laws and policies re-garding the return or restitution for wrongfully seized Holocaust era assets by countries that participated in the 2009 Holocaust Era Assets Conference. This bill states that it is the sense of Congress that the Secretary should continue to report to Congress on Holo-caust era assets. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to do some-thing that I never would have thought that I would do in my time in Con-gress. I am here to stand in opposition to a bill that purports to seek justice for Holocaust survivors. Anyone who knows just the slightest bit about my tenure in Congress knows how hard I have worked over the years in support of Holocaust survivors. I have held hearings on the plight of sur-vivors. I have introduced bills to seek justice for survivors. I have pressed Germany to honor its obligation and its commitment to survivors to ensure that Germany takes care of the health and home care needs of all survivors so that they may live out their remaining days in the dignity and comfort that they deserve. I have fought against those who de-nied the Holocaust, and I have spent countless hours speaking with and vis-iting with the many survivors that I have now come to know as dear friends; listening to their stories; hearing them recall the atrocities that they some-how managed to live through; and then hearing how, even today, more than 70 years later, they still face the injus-tices of humanity’s darkest period. In fact, it was Speaker R
YAN who named me as one of the congressional members on the Holocaust Museum Board just last year, and I am truly honored and humbled to have been named to this position. So I think my history of support for Holocaust survivors and their families is well established and well known, which is why I cannot, in good con-science, stand here before you, Mr. Speaker, before my colleagues, before the American people, and before the Holocaust survivors who are listening to offer my support for this bill. And with all due respect for my col-leagues, and they are good friends, be-cause I know that their hearts are in the right place, this bill is not what it purports to be. That is the problem. Let’s start with the name, Mr. Speaker. Justice for Uncompensated Survivors Today Act. Where is the justice, Mr. Speaker? This bill is nothing more than a mere reporting requirement. It has got a fancy name. It is going to give us the feel-good that you are doing something for survivors, but it is just a reporting requirement. What do survivors gain from that? There is no actionable item in this bill. There is nothing to compel any government to do anything in this bill. There is simply no real action here. This is a Claims Conference justice, and by that I mean the Claims Con-ference wants to appear to be doing all that it can for survivors, but it is noth-ing more than that. It is a smoke screen. We should not be fooled, Mr. Speaker. This bill has the full support of the Claims Conference precisely because it does the bare minimum. It keeps the tension away from the sad truth. What is the truth? That the Claims Conference has ut-terly failed our Holocaust survivors. There is no denying that the Claims Conference has a particularly check-ered history: its flawed process, its fail-ure to support fully the Holocaust sur-vivors’ needs, its opposition to allow-ing survivors real justice, and, of course, the embezzlement and fraud issues. b1545 There is no denying that this bill moves the needle not 1 inch closer to justice. It has a fancy name, but there is no justice. Just look at the timeframe here, Mr. Speaker. The report is due in 18 months, and then what? And how many of the survivors will pass away before this report even gets issued? So I am sorry to say, but the JUST Act just falls so far short of what sur-vivors need today that I cannot stand before my friends and colleagues and I cannot stand before my Holocaust sur-vivors and offer a voice of support for this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I rise in support of this bill, Mr. Speaker, first, let me thank Sen-ator B
ALDWIN and Senator R UBIO for their tireless efforts on behalf of Holo-caust survivors and their heirs. I would also like to acknowledge the important work of my New York colleague, Con-gressman J
OECROWLEY , and C HRIS S
MITH, who introduced the House version of this legislation. The Justice for Uncompensated Sur-vivors Today, or JUST, Act would shine a light on any country in Europe stalling on the return of or restitution for wrongfully confiscated or trans-ferred Holocaust era assets. Nearly 75 years after the end of World War II, we are still debating property rights for Holocaust victims. That is truly astonishing. According to the Holocaust Immovable Property Restitution Study, a substantial amount of property confiscated from European Jews hasn’t been returned to its rightful owners or its owners haven’t been compensated at all. We must ensure that the United States is holding governments to their obligations and ensuring their property is properly returned. Holocaust sur-vivors have waited too long for justice. We cannot let them wait any long. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I previously discussed how passing just a reporting require-ment is not justice for survivors, never mind the title. It may be vigilance, but there will be no justice served for a sin-gle survivor when this body passes this bill and sends it to the President for his signature. Mr. Speaker, there is something even worse than not pro-viding justice for survivors, and that is depriving them of justice. I want to talk about one of the prin-ciples in this bill that, while on the face of it, might read like it is a simple principle—perhaps it sounds like good, common sense—and this is what it does: This bill directs the Secretary of State to submit a report to Congress that assesses and describes the nature and extent that certain countries have gone to in order to meet the goals and objectives of the 2009 Holocaust Era As-sets Conference. Again, it sounds reasonable. It is al-ways good to hold countries account-able, especially when we are talking about seeking justice for Holocaust survivors. But one of the big flaws of the 2009 Conference, and what this bill does by asking the Secretary to report on how governments are complying with these goals, is that it enshrines a principle of running out the clock on survivors. The principle, which is spe-cifically highlighted in this bill, the JUST Act, is the notion of allowing governments to use the assets of heir-less property claims to provide for other survivors’ needs. Essentially, what this is saying to the governments that have claims against them or that have obligations to survivors whom they must meet is: Go ahead. Stall as long as you can. Wait them out. Then use those assets to pay off your obligations. How long have survivors had to wait now, Mr. Speaker? Over 70 years. And the longer they wait, the longer those states which have obligations to sur-vivors are allowed to stall, the less that these states will be on the hook for. Even worse, this rewards states for stalling. It compounds the injustice to survivors. Using property and assets that were denied to survivors for over seven decades to then pay off other sur-vivors is sickening. Every survivor deserves justice, and that includes all who have lived 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24AP7.013 H24APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3462 April 24, 2018 
through the unthinkable but are no longer with us today. This practice is nothing more than a smokescreen for Germany’s and other Claims Con-ference failures to forthrightly provide for all survivors’ needs. Let’s think about it this way, Mr. Speaker: The Claims Conference will support the idea of using heirless claims to provide for other survivors, sure, but will the Claims Conference support the idea that survivors still being denied their justice by the insur-ance companies should be allowed to sue those insurance companies in Fed-eral court? Nope. Mr. Speaker, I wonder why that is. If my colleagues want to support this bill and if they think that using heirless property to pay for the needs of other survivors is the best we can get, then fine. But I challenge each and every one of you to believe that we can do more, we must do more, and that we have a moral responsibility to do more for survivors. Surely, if we can tell governments in Europe that it is okay to benefit from their unwillingness to resolve the out-standing property claims against them for 70 years, then we can tell our sur-vivors that it is okay for them to go to Federal court and fight for their jus-tice. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ), the chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee, and I ask unani-mous consent that he control that time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P
OLIQUIN ). Is there objection to the re-quest of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, let me thank the gen-tlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS- L
EHTINEN ), the chairman emeritus of our committee, for her tireless work advocating on behalf of Holocaust sur-vivors. Let me say at the outset here that no one in Congress, no one in this Congress, has done more to advocate on behalf of survivors than I
LEANA  R
OS-LEHTINEN , and I believe that to be true through her entire tenure in this body. Let me also explain the thoughts, as explained to us, behind our Senate col-leagues that put together the JUST Act. From their standpoint, from their vantage point, the JUST Act is a sim-ple reporting requirement to assess the progress of signatories to the 2009 Terezin Declaration on Holocaust era assets and related issues. The goal there, of course, was to fulfill the prin-ciples in that declaration. A lot of time and effort went into trying to leverage that agreement out of 46 countries that agreed to these principles. Now, here is the point; here is where we have a difference of opinion: of those 46 countries, some of them are falling woefully short of their commit-ments. Here are the conflict divisions. Some are saying, many are saying: Look, we need to put pressure on them. The Senate unanimously came to the conclusion that a way to do that is with this bill, because what the legisla-tion does is to ensure that there is an accountability mechanism of checking adherence to the declaration principles and to making sure that it doesn’t fall by the wayside by bringing account-ability to those countries that don’t. The injustices of the Holocaust, frankly, here today, those injustices are too many to name. Many are unaddressed in that declaration, and I concur from that standpoint. But, at the same time, we need to continue pushing to right the full spectrum of these wrongs. Before us we have a bill which will bring much leverage. We cannot lose the headway that we have made toward compensating survivors and families for what was rightfully theirs. Our partners have already agreed to the restitution principles in the dec-laration. A formal report that shows who has fallen short and how, it is ar-gued by our colleagues in the Senate, would be a powerful instrument for the U.S. Government to push for changes. From my standpoint, I understand the arguments being made by the Sen-ate. It does not mean that we should not go forward to make other points. But the argument they make to us is let’s give the State Department the tools it needs to ensure accountability. This is an argument that, on both sides of the aisle, the preponderance of Mem-bers here, I think, concur with. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, earlier I spoke about survivors being unable to sue the insur-ance companies in Federal court, how unjust that is. What a travesty. First, they were forced to suffer the inhumanity of the Nazis during the Holocaust, treated as outsiders. Worse than that, there really are just no words to adequately describe how Jews were treated during the Nazi time. And now, for so many, they continue to face injustices on a daily basis. One would think, Mr. Speaker, that those who endured and managed to make it here to America—home of free-dom, democracy, respect for human rights, where everyone is meant to have equal rights—would not have to face the harsh truth that they are still being treated no better than second- class citizens. Imagine how survivors feel when they are told that, in America, almost anyone can have their rightful day in court—unless you are a Holocaust sur-vivor with a claim against one of the big, rich, powerful insurance compa-nies. In that case, you have no right to your justice. You have no day in court. You are prohibited from bringing jus-tice to the courts. Countless survivors had valid insur-ance policies with insurance companies in Europe before the Holocaust, but when so many tried to make a claim on the policies of their loved ones, can you imagine what these companies told them? The insurance companies have asked Holocaust survivors to show their poli-cies, because, as we all know, Mr. Speaker, the Nazis just let the Jews of Europe take all of their important doc-umentation and their most cherished possessions with them before they were hauled off for extermination—of course that did not happen. Even worse, these big, rich, powerful insurance companies didn’t just reject these claims due to the absence of pol-icy documents. Many claims were re-jected due to the absence of a death certificate—another paper that the in-surance companies knew were not read-ily available. They did not pass them out in extermination camps. The rel-atives did not get a death certificate. But yet that is what insurance compa-nies are asking of survivors. Of course, we all know that policy-holders aren’t the only ones with the proper documentation. Allianz or any of those big, rich, powerful insurance companies aren’t just going to take my word for it that I have a policy with them. Insurance companies are going to have their own documentation to validate the claim. They have that doc-umentation. But do insurance companies do this for survivors? Do they show them the claims? Of course not. And, unfortu-nately, there is nothing to compel these huge, rich, and powerful insur-ance companies to provide it and to pay off those claims. These claims, by the way, Mr. Speak-er, now run into the billions of dollars, so you can imagine why the insurance companies would fight so hard against allowing survivors to receive their claims. This is not justice. This is just as im-moral and as reprehensible as you can get. These rich and powerful insurance companies should be held liable, and they should be held accountable for these sins against morality and hu-manity. That is the bill that we should be de-bating today, and that is why, for years, I have authored the Holocaust Insurance Accountability Act, H.R. 762, in this Congress and I have worked side by side with so many survivors over the years who feel as if they are con-tinuing to be victimized. They ask me: Why can everyone else get their day in court like we are all entitled to, but not Holocaust sur-vivors? My bill is simple, Mr. Speaker. It will finally allow survivors the ability to bring their cases before the U.S. court system, and it allows them to have their day in court. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24AP7.015 H24APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3463 April 24, 2018 
b1600 It does not prejudge the outcome of any case. It simply says survivors can face the insurance companies in court and seek redress. It will make the in-surance companies open up their books and let the world know the truth. If it is decided by the U.S. court sys-tem that these insurance companies have in fact been shirking their moral and legal responsibilities, then the ap-propriate course of action should be taken. But this cannot happen and these survivors cannot have their day in court unless we take steps to ensure that it can. If we are here today to talk about justice for survivors, as this bill is called, let’s talk about real action. Let’s talk about doing something more than a simple reporting requirement with a fancy name. Let’s talk about ending seven decades of injustice. Let’s talk about ending impunity for these big, powerful, rich insurance compa-nies. Let’s talk about accountability. Let’s take up the JUST Act with the Holocaust Insurance Accountability Act. Let’s not allow ourselves to pass a reporting requirement and then pat ourselves on the back thinking the job is over. Let’s get real justice for sur-vivors. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. C
ROWLEY ), the chair of the Democratic Caucus. He is also the sponsor of the House version of this bill. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend and colleague from the Bronx, New York (Mr. E
NGEL ). He has been a true friend for many, many, many years. I thank him for yielding me this time. Mr. Speaker, I rise in full support today of S. 447, the Justice for Uncom-pensated Survivors Today Act. This important measure has already unani-mously passed the Senate. Senator T
AMMY BALDWIN had worked hard on this issue, on a bipartisan basis, and I am proud to have introduced the House version, as has been mentioned, along with my colleague from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH). I appreciate the efforts of the chairman and the ranking member here in bringing the bill to the floor. I was first approached about the lack of justice still facing Holocaust sur-vivors by a gentleman from Queens, New York, Jehuda Evron. I am sorry that he cannot be here today to watch this debate, as he has spent a lifetime helping those who endured and escaped horrific atrocities during the Holo-caust. Jehuda has been an incredible cam-paigner for Holocaust survivors, along with his wife, Leah, who lived in the ghetto under a false identity and joined others in hiding with resistance fight-ers. It was Jehuda and the World Jewish Restitution Organization who shared with me an ongoing indignity Holo-caust survivors still face to this very day: the inability to reclaim property unlawfully seized during the Holocaust. This is property that, if restored, could have a significant impact for the far too many Holocaust survivors living in poverty today. It may shock some to hear that, here in the United States, one-third of the Holocaust survivors live at or under the poverty line. That is despicable. Some survivors are so poor, they some-times have to choose between food and medicine. Their stories put in stark relief the lifelong impact the Holocaust had on an entire generation of families and survivors. That is why it is so impor-tant that in 2009, the United States, Israel, and 45 other countries signed the Terezin Declaration on Holocaust Era Assets and Related Issues. In that important measure, countries pledged to take steps to return assets looted by the Nazi government and others. Nine years later, there is still work to be done. The JUST Act urges countries to keep their commitments to restitute wrongly taken Holocaust Era Assets, and it will continue to shine a light on the ongoing struggle of survivors to re-claim the property that is rightfully theirs. If you walk out the front door of this building and head down the street, you will find yourself at the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum. It is a powerful institution and one that re-minds us of not only the heroic role played by the United States in World War II, but the tremendous suffering faced by the Jewish people and all vic-tims of the Holocaust. For me, it is also a reminder that if we can take steps to right more of the wrongs committed during the Holo-caust, we should take the opportunity to do so. I believe that this bill is an opportunity to do that. Mr. Speaker, I have the utmost re-spect for the gentlewoman from Flor-ida (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN ). She knows my affection for her. We have been friends for over 20 years. I respect her opposi-tion to this because I know that she does want justice for the victims. That is her goal. But I just want to say, for the record, that this bill is supported by the World Jewish Restitution Organization, the American Jewish Committee, the Anti- Defamation League, Jewish Federa-tions of North America, B’nai B’rith International, HIAS Refugee Assist-ance Organization, the National Coali-tion Supporting Eurasian Jewry, Reli-gious Action Center of Reform Juda-ism, and the Orthodox Union. I think, Mr. Speaker, it is important to recognize those organizations that are in full support of this legislation, with all due respect to a woman I have tremendous respect for. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, in order to close my part of this debate on the bill, I want to reiterate that, though I strongly op-pose the JUST Act—it is smoke and mirrors and it gives you the feel-good moment and provides no justice for survivors, in spite of its fancy name— I do believe that my colleagues do have good intentions and they want to see Holocaust survivors finally get the jus-tice that has for so long evaded them. Their words and their remarks are heartfelt. They just don’t apply to this bill. They would more rightly apply to the bill that I have and that I hope this body will soon take up. In fact, this body took action last Congress when the Holocaust Expropriated Art Recov-ery Act of 2016, or the HEAR Act, was passed and signed into law. This was an important bill. It actu-ally helped. That bill allowed for civil claims or causes of action for the re-covery of artwork stolen from Jews by the Nazis during the Holocaust. In other words, we have acted to en-sure that Holocaust victims can bring claims in U.S. courts to recover their looted artwork and other possessions. They can have their day in court, and I am glad for it. If you lost a famous painting and there have been movies and books written about it, you can have your day in court. That is wonder-ful. But since HEAR was passed, or the Holocaust Expropriated Art Recovery Act, it has already been cited in sev-eral cases and has been applied by the Ninth Circuit Court to revive a pre-viously dismissed Nazi-era art case. That is great. So why not take action to allow the same process to take place for survivors to hold insurance compa-nies accountable? If you had your artwork looted by the Nazis, you can have your day in court. But if the Nazis have destroyed your life, and you had an insurance company policy, you do not have the right to take that case to court. It doesn’t make sense. So, Mr. Speaker, we are here today to debate justice for uncompensated sur-vivors of the Holocaust. A simple re-porting requirement isn’t going to do that. We shouldn’t have to be taking such action. Unfortunately, because certain governments haven’t lived up to their obligations and because these insurance companies and others complicit in Nazi-era crimes still man-age to evade accountability, we have a moral obligation to step into action. That is the message that I am giving to my colleagues. If we want to pass the JUST Act, so be it. But let’s also vow here and now to take more concrete action to really get justice for Holocaust survivors. Let’s take that next big step. Time is running out. Time is running out for all of these survivors and we need ac-tion yesterday—not today, but today will do. I am asking my colleagues to do the right thing, and I am asking for this body, Mr. Speaker, to bring the Holo-caust Insurance Accountability Act to the floor as soon as possible so that we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24AP7.017 H24APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3464 April 24, 2018 
can take a meaningful step, a concrete step, an action item toward justice for survivors. And then, all of those lofty words that are laid upon the table on this bill that don’t really apply, would really apply to this bill, the Holocaust Insurance Accountability Act. We owe it to the survivors. We owe it to their families. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2
1⁄2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
EUTCH ), who is a very well-re-spected member of our Foreign Affairs Committee. Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, Ranking Member E
NGEL , for his hard work on this bill and for yield-ing. I thank Chairman R
OYCE as well. I want to thank the many Members of Congress who have shown their unyielding commitment to caring for Holocaust survivors and ensuring that their needs are met, including the co-sponsors of this bill, and, of course, the House bill’s sponsors, Congressman C
ROWLEY and Congressman S MITH. I would also like to take this oppor-tunity to thank my friend and col-league, I
LEANA ROS-LEHTINEN , for her tireless efforts throughout her career on behalf of Holocaust survivors in our community in south Florida and every-where they live. Two weeks after we marked Yom HaShoah, it is fitting that Congress would consider this bill. I hope that the world is watching, because every year that we move away from the horrible atrocities of the Holocaust, we lose more and more survivors. They are the people who survived Auschwitz, Treblinka, Sobibor, and other Nazi death camps. They are the people who survived the attempted genocide against them. Six million Jews perished. We must remember that every single victim, those who perished and those who survived, had a story. They had homes, they had businesses, family heirlooms, and personal posses-sions. As the Nazis stormed through Europe to wipe out European Jewry, they stole everything they could as they sent Jews to their death. While no amount of money will ever erase these horrors, these survivors, their families, and their heirs deserve compensation for confiscated property, including Jewish communal, private, and heirless property. In 2009, the United States joined 46 other countries and agreed to the Terezin Declaration on Holocaust Era Assets. This was a commitment by these countries to provide for the res-titution of confiscated property. But 9 years later, many European countries have still failed to meet their commit-ments in this agreement. Some coun-tries still haven’t passed legislation to create for private property restitution, and we should call out their failures. As we speak, thousands of survivors are in need of immediate and urgent care and assistance. I am proud to rep-resent a large community of survivors, and I see their critical needs going unmet day after day. This bill can be a tool to help us understand where the gaps lie in restitution programs, but it does not address, nor is it meant to ad-dress, the urgent need of survivors now. As they age, their needs grow. It is essential they receive the care they deserve. We must do everything to en-sure that those needs are addressed. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. This legislation is critical to ensur-ing that Holocaust survivors and their heirs are compensated. Restitution and return will represent another step mov-ing past this heinous chapter of human history. I want to thank my colleague and good friend, Chairman ROS-LEHTINEN , for her powerful remarks this after-noon and for her leadership for so many years in fighting for Holocaust survivors. I have met many of her con-stituents and many of my own who re-main engaged in this prolonged battle for justice. I am a cosponsor of Con-gresswoman R
OS-LEHTINEN ’s legisla-tion, and I proudly support her in these efforts. I do hope that her bill will come to the floor as well. b1615 I also support Congressmen C
ROWLEY  and S
MITH, as well as Senators B ALD-
WINand R UBIO, in the effort to ensure that property is restituted and re-turned through the JUST Act. This leg-islation has already passed the Senate; so when we pass it here, it will go right to the President’s desk for signing. With this vote, we can push it across the finish line. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, we have been contacted on behalf of the JUST Act by a number of organizations in support of the Sen-ate bill. The major American Jewish organizations supporting this measure are the American Jewish Committee, the Anti-Defamation League, the Jew-ish Federations of North America, the B’nai B’rith, the HIAS refugee assist-ance organization, Union for Reform Judaism, Orthodox Union, World Jew-ish Restitution Organization, and oth-ers; and they have argued that the Jus-tice for Uncompensated Survivors Today Act, or JUST Act, as the Senate calls it, is a measure that will have an outsized impact in encouraging coun-tries to continue working to make amends for the evils of the Holocaust. That is what drove the Senate to pass this bill. Now, just to go into the details again a little bit: it was in 2009 that rep-resentatives of this country and 40 other countries agreed to a set of prin-ciples to address the welfare of sur-vivors, to address Holocaust education, and to address issues related to restitu-tion for seized property, among other issues. Now, that is what these 40 nations committed to. So 10 years have passed, approximately, and it is time that we take stock of the work under way be-cause, while a number of these partner countries have made great strides to uphold their commitments under the agreement, you and I know—everybody here knows—that some countries have fallen short. And this legislation, which charges the State Department with the respon-sibility for this important report—and let’s call it naming and shaming; that is basically what is intended here— gives the United States another tool to seek justice for Holocaust survivors, to seek justice for the families of Holo-caust victims. And it is our hope that passing this bill will motivate improve-ments even before the report is penned. Already we have seen some of these countries overseas renew their engage-ment on this issue, and that is the le-verage that we want to deploy. It is a devastating issue to even begin a discussion because we can never com-pensate Holocaust survivors truly for the unbelievable horror and devasta-tion that they suffered. But from the perspective of most of the organiza-tions that have talked to us about the bill, their point would be: We can try. We can try to restore what is rightfully theirs. And part of the trying, from their standpoint, is to shed light on the efforts, or lack thereof, that other countries are making. And this bill does that. It unanimously passed the Senate for that reason. Mr. Speaker, I thank all the Members here who participated today in the de-bate over this very difficult issue, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 447. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
IRAN HUMAN RIGHTS AND HOS-TAGE-TAKING ACCOUNTABILITY ACT Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4744) to impose addi-tional sanctions with respect to serious human rights abuses of the Govern-ment of Iran, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4744 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24AP7.018 H24APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3465 April 24, 2018 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Iran Human Rights and Hostage-Taking Accountability Act’’. 
SEC. 2. UNITED STATES POLICY ON HUMAN RIGHTS VIOLATIONS BY THE GOV-ERNMENT OF IRAN. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) Iran is a member of the United Nations, voted for the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, and is a signatory to the International Covenant on Civil and Polit-ical Rights, among other international human rights treaties. (2) In violation of these and other inter-national obligations, Iranian regime officials continue to violate the fundamental human rights of the Iranian people. (3) The Iranian regime persecutes ethnic and religious minority groups, such as the Baha’is, Christians, Sufi, Sunni, and dis-senting Shi’a Muslims (such as imprisoned Ayatollah Hossein Kazemeyni Boroujerdi), through harassment, arrests, and imprison-ment, during which detainees have routinely been beaten, tortured, and killed. (4) Following voting irregularities that re-sulted in the 2009 election of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, the Iranian regime brutally suppressed peaceful political dissent from wide segments of civil society during the Green Revolution in a cynical attempt to retain its undemocratic grip on power. (5) Since February 2011 the leaders of Iran’s Green Movement, former Prime Minister Mir Hossein Mousavi, his wife Dr. Zahra Rahnavard, and former Speaker of the Majles (parliament) Mehdi Karroubi, have lived under strict house arrest, ordered by Iran’s Supreme National Security Council. (6) In 1999 the Iranian regime brutally sup-pressed a student revolt that was one of the largest mass uprisings up until that point in the country since 1979. (7) Over a 4-month period in 1988, the Ira-nian regime carried out the barbaric mass executions of thousands of political prisoners by hanging and firing squad for refusing to renounce their political affiliations and in some cases for possessing political reading material, including prisoners of conscience, teenagers, and pregnant women. In a re-cently disclosed audiotape, the late Hussein Ali Montazeri, a grand ayatollah who served as former Supreme leader Khomeini’s chief deputy, said that the 1988 mass killings were ‘‘the greatest crime committed during the Islamic Republic, for which history will con-demn us’’. (8) Senior governmental, military, and public security officials in Iran have contin-ued ordering, controlling, and committing egregious human rights violations that, in many cases, represent official policies of the Iranian regime. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of the Congress that the United States should— (1) deny the Government of Iran the ability to continue to oppress the people of Iran and to use violence and executions to silence pro- democracy protestors; (2) work with international partners to in-vestigate human rights violations by senior officials of the Government of Iran, regard-less of where or when such violations took place; (3) support efforts made by the people of Iran to promote the establishment of basic freedoms that build the foundation for the emergence of a freely elected, open, non-cor-rupt and democratic political system; (4) condemn Iranian human rights abuses against dissidents, including the massacre in 1988 and the suppression of political dem-onstrations in 1999, 2009, and 2017, and pres-sure the Government of Iran to provide fam-ily members detailed information that they were denied about the final resting places of any missing victims of such abuses; and (5) help the people of Iran produce, access, and share information freely and safely via the internet and other media. (c) STATEMENT OF POLICY .—It shall be the policy of the United States to stand with the people of Iran who seek the opportunity to freely elect a government of their choosing, and increase the utilization of all available authorities to impose sanctions on officials of the Government of Iran and other individ-uals responsible for serious human rights abuses. 
SEC. 3. DETERMINATIONS WITH RESPECT TO IM-POSITION OF SANCTIONS ON CER-TAIN PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR OR COMPLICIT IN HUMAN RIGHTS ABUSES, ENGAGING IN CENSORSHIP, ENGAGING IN THE DIVERSION OF GOODS INTENDED FOR THE PEOPLE OF IRAN, OR ENGAGING IN CORRUP-TION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a report containing a determination of whether any senior officials of the Government of Iran or other Iranian persons meet the criteria de-scribed in— (1) subsection (b) of section 105D of the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Account-ability, and Divestment Act of 2010, as added by section 5 of this Act; or (2) paragraph (3) or (4) of section 1263(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 22 U.S.C. 2656 note). (b) R
EVIEW OF CERTAIN ENTITIES .—The re- port required under subsection (a) shall con-tain a review of any activities of cooperative foundations or bonyads in Iran with a cap-italization that exceeds $200,000,000 and that meet the criteria in paragraph (3) or (4) of section 1263(a) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 22 U.S.C. 2656 note) for purposes of corruption. (c) F
ORM OF REPORT ; P UBLIC AVAIL-
ABILITY .— (1) F
ORM.—The report required under sub-section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex. (2) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The unclassified portion of such report shall be made avail-able to the public and posted on the internet website of the Department of the Treasury— (A) in English, Farsi, Arabic, and Azeri; and (B) in precompressed, easily downloadable versions that are made available in all ap-propriate formats. (d) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Financial Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and (2) the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. 
SEC. 4. UNITED STATES POLICY ON HOSTAGE- TAKING BY THE GOVERNMENT OF IRAN. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) Since 1979 the Iranian regime has en-gaged in various destabilizing activities that undermine the national security of the United States and its allies and partners. (2) These activities include the hostage- taking or prolonged arbitrary detentions of United States citizens and other persons with connections to Canada, the United Kingdom, France, and other nations allied with the United States. (3) The Iranian regime has detained on fab-ricated claims a significant number of United States citizens, including Siamak and Baquer Namazi and Xiyue Wang, as well as United States legal permanent resident, Nizar Zakka, in violation of international legal norms. (4) The Iranian regime has not provided in-formation on the whereabouts of or assist-ance in ensuring the prompt and safe return of Robert Levinson, despite repeated prom-ises to do so, after he was kidnapped while visiting Iran’s Kish Island on March 9, 2007— making him the longest held hostage in United States history. (5) The Iranian regime reportedly uses hos-tages as leverage against foreign investors to exact business concessions in foreign invest-ment deals. (6) The type of hostage-taking enterprise put in place by the Iranian regime is a crime against humanity and a violation of cus-tomary international law. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of the Congress that— (1) the Administration should fully utilize all necessary and appropriate measures to prevent the Iranian regime from engaging in hostage-taking or the prolonged arbitrary detention of United States citizens or legal permanent resident aliens, to include— (A) the use of extradition to try and con-vict those individuals responsible for order-ing or controlling the hostage-taking or ar-bitrary detention of United States citizens; and (B) the use of the Department of Homeland Security’s Human Rights Violators and War Crimes Center to target such individuals; and (2) the United States should encourage its allies and other affected countries to pursue the criminal prosecution and extradition of state and non-state actors in Iran that assist in or benefit from such hostage-taking to prevent such state and non-state actors from engaging in this practice in the future. (c) S
TATEMENT OF POLICY .—It is the policy of the United States Government not to pay ransom for the purpose of securing the re-lease of United States citizens or legal per-manent resident aliens taken hostage abroad. (d) S
TRATEGY .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate a report that contains a strategy to prevent elements of the Iranian regime from engaging in hos-tage-taking or the prolonged arbitrary de-tention of United States citizens or legal permanent resident aliens. 
SEC. 5. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS WITH RE-SPECT TO IRANIAN PERSONS WHO ENGAGE IN CERTAIN ACTIONS AGAINST UNITED STATES CITIZENS OR IRANIAN PERSONS. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the United States should co-ordinate with United States allies and other allies and partners whose citizens may be subject to politically-motivated detention or trial in Iran, to apply sanctions against Ira-nian persons that are responsible for or complicit in, or responsible for ordering, controlling, or otherwise directing, such de-tention or trial. (b) I
NGENERAL .—Title I of the Comprehen-sive Iran Sanctions, Accountability, and Di-vestment Act of 2010 is amended by inserting after section 105C (22 U.S.C. 8514c) the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 105D. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS WITH RE-SPECT TO IRANIAN PERSONS WHO ENGAGE IN CERTAIN ACTIONS AGAINST UNITED STATES CITIZENS OR IRANIAN PERSONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The President shall im-pose sanctions described in section 105(c) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24AP7.004 H24APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3466 April 24, 2018 
with respect to each person on the list re-quired by subsection (b). ‘‘(b) L
IST OF IRANIAN PERSONS WHOENGAGE  
INCERTAIN ACTIONS AGAINST UNITED STATES  C
ITIZENS OR IRANIAN PERSONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this sec-tion, the President shall submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees a list of Iranian persons that the President deter-mines, are knowingly— ‘‘(A) responsible for or complicit in, or re-sponsible for ordering or otherwise directing, the politically-motivated harassment, abuse, extortion, or extended detention or trial of citizens of the United States or United States legal permanent resident aliens, re-gardless of whether such actions occurred in Iran; or ‘‘(B) responsible for or complicit in, or re-sponsible for ordering or otherwise directing, the politically-motivated harassment, abuse, extortion, or extended detention or trial of Iranians, Iranian residents, or persons of Ira-nian origin outside of Iran. ‘‘(2) U
PDATES OF LIST .—The President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees an updated list under paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) each time the President is required to submit an updated list to those committees under section 105(b)(2)(A); and ‘‘(B) as new information becomes avail-able. ‘‘(3) F
ORM OF REPORT ; PUBLIC AVAIL -
ABILITY .— ‘‘(A) F
ORM.—The list required by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may contain a classified annex. ‘‘(B) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The unclassi-fied portion of the list required by paragraph (1) shall be made available to the public and posted on the websites of the Department of the Treasury and the Department of State. ‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION OF SANCTIONS TO IMME-
DIATE FAMILY MEMBERS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The President is author-ized to impose sanctions described in para-graph (2) with respect to each person that is a family member of any person on the list re-quired by subsection (b). ‘‘(2) A
LIENS INELIGIBLE FOR VISAS , ADMIS -
SION, OR PAROLE .— ‘‘(A) V
ISAS, ADMISSION , OR PAROLE .—An alien who the Secretary of State or the Sec-retary of Homeland Security (or a designee of one of such Secretaries) knows, or has rea-son to believe, is a family member of any person on the list required by subsection (b) is— ‘‘(i) inadmissible to the United States; ‘‘(ii) ineligible to receive a visa or other documentation to enter the United States; and ‘‘(iii) otherwise ineligible to be admitted or paroled into the United States or to receive any other benefit under the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.). ‘‘(B) C
URRENT VISAS REVOKED .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The issuing consular offi-cer, the Secretary of State, or the Secretary of Homeland Security (or a designee of one of such Secretaries) shall revoke any visa or other entry documentation issued to an alien who is a family member of any person on the list required by subsection (b) regardless of when issued. ‘‘(ii) E
FFECT OF REVOCATION .—A revocation under clause (i)— ‘‘(I) shall take effect immediately; and ‘‘(II) shall automatically cancel any other valid visa or entry documentation that is in the alien’s possession. ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION TO COMPLY WITH UNITED NA -
TIONS HEADQUARTERS AGREEMENT .—Sanctions under paragraph (2) shall not apply to an alien if admitting the alien into the United States is necessary to permit the United States to comply with the Agreement re-garding the Headquarters of the United Na-tions, signed at Lake Success June 26, 1947, and entered into force November 21, 1947, be-tween the United Nations and the United States, or other applicable international ob-ligations. ‘‘(4) DEFINITION OF FAMILY MEMBER .—In this section, the term ‘family member’ means, with respect to an individual— ‘‘(A) a spouse, child, parent, sibling, grand-child, or grandparent of the individual; and ‘‘(B) a spouse’s child, parent, or sibling. ‘‘(d) T
ERMINATION OF SANCTIONS .—The pro- visions of this section shall terminate on the date that is 30 days after the date on which the President— ‘‘(1) determines and certifies to the appro-priate congressional committees that the Government of Iran is no longer complicit in or responsible for the wrongful and unlawful detention of United States citizens or legal permanent resident aliens; and ‘‘(2) transmits to the appropriate congres-sional committees the certification de-scribed in section 105(d) of this Act.’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Comprehensive Iran Sanc-tions, Accountability, and Divestment Act of 2010 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 105C the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 105D. Imposition of sanctions with re-spect to Iranian persons who engage in certain actions against United States citizens or Iranian persons.’’. (d) A
MENDMENTS TO GENERAL PROVISIONS .— Section 401 of the Comprehensive Iran Sanc-tions, Accountability, and Divestment Act of 2010 (22 U.S.C. 8551) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘and 305’’ and inserting ‘‘, 105D, and 305’’; and (2) in subsection (b)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘or 105C(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘105C(a), or 105D(a)’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘or 105C(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘105C(b), or 105D(b)’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on H.R. 4744, currently under consider-ation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, in January this body came together. It was a near unani-mous vote to support the Iranian peo-ple, who were engaged in legitimate protests against a very oppressive re-gime. I want to thank Mr. M
IKE M
CCAUL here, chairman of the Com-mittee on Homeland Security, and Mr. E
LIOT ENGEL , the ranking member of our Committee on Foreign Affairs, for their engagement in this issue. At the time, we were witnessing tens of thousands of Iranians who had taken to the streets in the largest demonstra-tion that we had seen since the Green Revolution of 2009. The protests, aimed at economic stagnation, aimed at wide-spread corruption—and people were talking about that all the time—aimed at the Revolutionary Guard Corps’ con-trol over that economy because they had nationalized, seized, so much of that economy. And quickly we saw that spread across Iran, as Persians sought to exercise the fundamental right of freedom of expression, as peo-ple across that country, of every eth-nicity and every religion, began to speak out. Many demonstrators shouted slogans aimed at Iran’s costly support for Syr-ia’s Bashar al-Assad, if you recall, from reading the press accounts. And they attacked, they argued about the cost, the support that went to the terrorist groups such as Hezbollah. Predictably, the Iranian regime moved swiftly to quash the demonstrations and throttle social media. More than 1,000 Iranians were jailed, dozens were killed. H. Res. 676 con-demned this brutal violence back in January, called for targeted sanctions to hold the regime to account. But today we act to make good on that call, because the bill before us today, Chairman MCCAUL’s H.R. 4744, requires the administration to determine whether senior Iranian officials should be sanctioned for human rights abuses. And it also requires determinations on whether Iranian businesses should be sanctioned for public corruption with respect to those who are involved in corruption. And it mandates sanctions on those officials responsible for Iran’s wrongful, politically motivated jailing of U.S. citizens. Mr. Speaker, for years the regime in Tehran has systematically beat down all opposition inside Iran. It regularly uses brutal tactics back in Iran, includ-ing torture and mass executions, as it seeks to export violence and radical ideology abroad as well. I think all of us can think back to that 1979 revolu-tion and contemplate how much better Iran would have been had it not went off onto a path of becoming a rogue state. As this legislation details, today the regime flagrantly disregards commit-ments it has made to respect the fun-damental rights of the Iranian people. Many of us recall the barbaric mass executions carried out over a 4-month period in 1988. And I dare say, if you know any Persians, if you know people who escaped from Iran, you know that, during that period of time leading up to 1988, there were over 30,000 students and young professionals who lost their lives as a consequence. We know that the political prisoners there went through a grueling experi-ence, in Evin Prison and other prisons. Many were executed by hanging, many by firing squad. They refused to re-nounce their political affiliations, and that was the fate that was handed out to them. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24AP7.004 H24APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3467 April 24, 2018 
And today the regime still persecutes ethnic and religious minority groups; such as, the Baha’i; Christians, of course; Sufi; Sunni; dissenting Shia Muslims. And we all remember the way the ayatollah brutally suppressed the peaceful political dissent during the Green Revolution, during which the previous administration remained em-barrassingly silent, in my view. And many of us here on this floor today spoke up often at that time about that dissent during the Green Revolution, because I think this was a real oppor-tunity missed by the United States. So again, Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman M
CCAULand I want to thank Ranking Member E
NGEL for their leadership on this legislation. I am glad we have strong bipartisan sup-port for this measure. Regardless of how one views the Iran nuclear agree-ment, it is critical that the United States and our allies continue to press Iran for its dangerous and threatening acts that fall outside of the JCPOA. This is an area where officials from both the Trump and Obama adminis-trations agree, and they agree for good reason here. Remember, this is the same regime that is holding American citizens, including one who is in very poor health, on sham charges in one of the largest ransom schemes, from my standpoint, that was ever devised. This regime, of course, held its first American hostages in 1979, when it overran our U.S. Embassy. The re-gime’s MO remains the same. It is far past time the regime faced con-sequences for its attacks on Iranians and Americans alike. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , Washington, DC, April 13, 2018. Hon. E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN ROYCE : I am writing with respect to H.R. 4744, the ‘‘Iran Human Rights and Hostage-Taking Accountability Act,’’ on which Ways and Means was granted an addi-tional referral. As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions in H.R. 4744 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Ways and Means, I agree to waive formal consideration of this bill so that it may move expeditiously to the floor. The Com-mittee on Ways and Means takes this action with the mutual understanding that we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legisla-tion, and the Committee will be appro-priately consulted and involved as the bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues that fall within our jurisdiction. The Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House-Senate conference involving this or similar legislation, and requests your sup-port for such request. Finally, I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding, and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during floor consider-ation of H.R. 4744. Sincerely, KEVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, April 13, 2018. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN BRADY : Thank you for con-sulting with the Foreign Affairs Committee and agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 4744, the Iran Human Rights and Hostage-Taking Accountability Act, so that the bill may proceed expedi-tiously to the House floor. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of your com-mittee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerog-atives on this measure or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any House-Senate conference on this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 4744 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as this measure moves through the legisla-tive process. Sincerely, E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES , Washington, DC, April 16, 2018. Hon. E
DROYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN ROYCE : I am writing con-cerning H.R. 4744, the Iran Human Rights and Hostage-Taking Accountability Act. As a result of your having consulted with the Committee on Financial Services con-cerning provisions in the bill that fall within our Rule X jurisdiction, I agree to forgo ac-tion on the bill so that it may proceed expe-ditiously to the House Floor. The Committee on Financial Services takes this action with our mutual understanding that, by foregoing consideration of H.R. 4744, at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over the sub-ject matter contained in this or similar leg-islation, and that our Committee will be ap-propriately consulted and involved as this or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues that fall within our Rule X jurisdiction. Our Com-mittee also reserves the right to seek ap-pointment of an appropriate number of con-ferees to any House-Senate conference in-volving this or similar legislation, and re-quests your support for any such request. Finally, I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 4744 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during floor consideration thereof. Sincerely, J
EBHENSARLING , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, April 17, 2018. Hon. J
EBHENSARLING  Chairman, Committee on Financial Services, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN HENSARLING : Thank you for consulting with the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee and agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 4744, the Iran Human Rights and Hostage-Taking Account-ability Act, so that the bill may proceed ex-peditiously to the House floor. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of your com-mittee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerog-atives on this resolution or similar legisla-tion in the future. I would support your ef-fort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any House-Senate conference on this legisla-tion. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 4744 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as this measure moves through the legisla-tive process. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , Washington, DC, April 17, 2018. Hon. E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN ROYCE : I write with re-spect to H.R. 4744, the ‘‘Iran Human Rights and Hostage-Taking Accountability Act.’’ As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions within H.R. 4744 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary, I forego any further consider-ation of this bill so that it may proceed expe-ditiously to the House floor for consider-ation. The Judiciary Committee takes this action with our mutual understanding that by fore-going consideration of H.R. 4744 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legisla-tion and that our committee will be appro-priately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. Our committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appro-priate number of conferees to any House- Senate conference involving this or similar legislation and asks that you support any such request. I would appreciate a response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 4744 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be in-cluded in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. Sincerely, B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, April 17, 2018. Hon. B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN GOODLATTE : Thank you for consulting with the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee and agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 4744, the Iran Human Rights and Hostage-Taking Account-ability Act, so that the bill may proceed ex-peditiously to the House floor. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of your com-mittee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerog-atives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any House-Senate conference on this legislation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24AP7.021 H24APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3468 April 24, 2018 
I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 4744 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as this measure moves through the legisla-tive process. Sincerely, E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this measure. Let me start by thanking Congressmen D
EUTCH and M
CCAUL, both valued members of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for their hard work on this bill. I want to also thank Chairman E
DROYCE , who has been a strong bipartisan voice in things that are so important to our country and to the world. We always say that we take pride in having the Committee on Foreign Affairs being the most bipartisan committee in the entire Congress. Iran has isolated itself on the global stage because it refuses to abandon a range of aggressive activities that pose a threat to the region and a threat to the entire international community. On that list is the regime’s terrible mistreatment of its own people and its heinous practice of prolonged and po-litically motivated detentions of Amer-ican citizens. The bill before us now seeks to put an end to these intolerable practices. It would place sanctions on anyone re-sponsible for politically motivated har-assment, abuse, extortion, extended de-tention, or trial of Americans or Ira-nians. Earlier this year, we stood on this floor in solidarity with protestors in Iran who sought a better future for their country and for the next genera-tion. They wanted to see their govern-ment abandon its support for Iranian proxy forces and terrorist groups, like Hezbollah, in favor of funding healthcare and employment opportuni-ties for average Iranians. This is a country that has suffered so much under the ayatollahs and the eco-nomic mismanagement of its leaders. The protests in December and January were a stark reminder of the regime’s tight grip on power, as many protesters were killed in the streets and blocked from communicating with the outside world. Today, as we pass this legislation, we think about the Americans who cur-rently sit in Iranian prisons. We think about Robert Levinson, Mr. D
EUTCH ’s constituent, who has been missing for over 11 years, who has missed the wed-dings of his children and the births of his grandchildren. b1630 The Iranian regime had promised to cooperate with the investigation to lo-cate Mr. Levinson, but to this date, that cooperation has been virtually nonexistent. There is no real clarity in U.S. policy toward Iran. The United States faces a looming deadline on the nuclear deal, and the future remains uncertain. But there is one thing we can all agree on: we cannot let up the pressure on Iran for its human rights violations, par-ticularly against American citizens. So, again, I want to thank Mr. MCCAUL and Mr. D EUTCH for doing a great job with this. This is a bipartisan piece of legislation. If you care about the injustices going on in Iran, then it is important to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL), chairman of the Committee on Homeland Security and the author of this bill. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge support for my bill to hold the Iranian regime accountable for its continued human rights viola-tions. I introduced the Iran Human Rights and Hostage-Taking Accountability Act with Congressman D
EUTCH , and I am grateful for Chairman R
OYCE and Ranking Member E
NGEL ’s support in this effort. The Iranian regime continues to per-petrate gross human rights abuses against its own people. They continue to suppress and censor their people’s calls for democratic reform. They reck-lessly use their nation’s resources to expand their destabilizing influence and support of terrorism. They con-tinue to engage in corrupt practices, and they continue to illegally detain and imprison our citizens without just cause. This is simply unacceptable. Mr. Speaker, this bill serves as a clear signal to the people of Iran that we support their quest for freedom. It shines a light on the regime’s human rights violations and targets Iranian officials guilty of corruption, censor-ship, and the diversion of goods in-tended for the Iranian people. It re-quires the President to work with our international partners to develop a strategy to end this inhumane behavior and sanctions those officials complicit in those crimes. Finally, it sanctions those individuals who take Americans hostage. Mr. Speaker, today, there are more than six American citizens and perma-nent U.S. residents held by the Iranian regime in a shameful attempt to use innocent human lives as political bar-gaining chips. These hostages include: Bob Levinson, Congressman D
EUTCH ’s constituent, who has been missing since 2007 and remains America’s long-est held hostage; Siamak Namazi and his 81-year-old father, Baquer, held since 2015 and 2016, respectively; Ph.D. student, Xiyue Wang, held since 2017; internet freedom activist, Nizar Zakka, held since 2016; and others. The United States has a moral re-sponsibility to devote resources to these hostages and make their return a priority. I sent a letter with Congress-man L
IEUand 46 other Members of Con-gress requesting that the administra-tion keep Congress informed as to what steps they are taking to guarantee this happens. So, again, I thank the chairman and ranking member, Congressman DEUTCH , for their leadership on this bi-partisan effort to hold Iran account-able. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  the letter dated April 23, 2018. 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , Washington, DC, April 23, 2018. Hon. J
OHNJ. S ULLIVAN , Acting Secretary of State, U.S. Department of State, Washington, DC. D
EAR ACTING SECRETARY SULLIVAN : We write to request information regarding the Administration’s efforts to secure the re-lease of American citizens and permanent U.S. residents held hostage by the govern-ment of Iran. As you know, Iran has a long history of un-justly holding hostages in violation of inter-national law dating back to 1979. Over the years, the Iranian regime has arrested doz-ens of foreigners on spurious charges and convicted them in sham trials held in secre-tive courts. Many of the detained American citizens and permanent residents are also held in deplorable conditions, where they ex-perience severe health and psychological issues. Today, there are more than six American citizens and permanent U.S. residents held by the Iranian regime in a shameful attempt to use innocent human lives as political bar-gaining chips. These hostages include Bob Levinson, who has been missing since 2007 and remains America’s longest-held hostage; Siamak Namazi and his 81-year-old father Baquer, held since 2015 and 2016, respectively; PhD student Xiyue Wang, held since 2016; internet freedom activist Nizar Zakka, held since 2016; and others. The United States has a moral responsibility to devote resources to these hostages and make their return a pri-ority. This past month, the House Foreign Af-fairs Committee passed H.R. 4744, the Iran Human Rights and Hostage-Taking Account-ability Act, to increase U.S. leverage by lev-ying new sanctions on those responsible for detaining U.S. citizens or legal permanent respondents in Iran. But more sticks must be complemented with a coordinated diplomatic effort with our allies. According to media reports, the State De-partment has increased efforts in recent months to secure the release of these hos-tages, including outreach to the Iranian re-gime in December 2017 that has gone unan-swered. On April 6, 2018, the Department out-lined efforts that have been undertaken in a report to Congress pursuant to Section 110 of the Countering America’s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act. We request that the Department provide some additional details to Congress. Specifically, please provide an-swers to the following questions in either written responses or a briefing: 1. How has Iran responded to the various lines of effort made by the U.S., as detailed in the April 6 report to Congress, to raise the detention cases? 2. According to a June 20, 2017, article from the Washington Post, two senior officials from the Trump administration stated a range of options were being considered, which included ‘‘sticks more than carrots.’’ What specific tools are being considered to secure the release of detained Americans and permanent U.S. residents? 3. Does the Administration require any new authorities from Congress to utilize these tools? 4. What is the Administration’s strategy for disincentivizing and deterring foreign 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24AP7.010 H24APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3469 April 24, 2018 
governments, particularly Iran, from taking Americans and permanent U.S. residents hostage in the future? Thank you for your attention to this im-portant issue. Sincerely, Ted W. Lieu, Member of Congress; Michael McCaul, Member of Congress; Ileana Ros- Lehtinen, Member of Congress; Ted Deutch, Member of Congress; James P. McGovern, Member of Congress; Brian Fitzpatrick, Member of Congress; Donald M. Payne, Jr., Member of Congress; Randy Hultgren, Mem-ber of Congress; Debbie Wasserman Schultz, Member of Congress; Jerrold Nadler, Member of Congress; Steve Cohen, Member of Con-gress; Bobby L. Rush, Member of Congress; David N. Cicilline, Member of Congress; Nita M. Lowey, Member of Congress; Jose ´E. Serrano, Member of Congress. Daniel W. Lipinski, Member of Congress; Joe Wilson, Member of Congress; Peter King, Member of Congress; Francis Rooney, Mem-ber of Congress; Mark Meadows, Member of Congress; Adriano Espaillat, Member of Con-gress; Brad Sherman, Member of Congress; Eleanor Holmes Norton, Member of Con-gress; Lee Zeldin, Member of Congress; Steve Chabot, Member of Congress; Paul Cook, Member of Congress; Eliot Engel, Member of Congress; Ted Poe, Member of Congress; Bradley S. Schneider, Member of Congress; Grace Meng, Member of Congress. Tom Suozzi, Member of Congress; Pete Ses-sions, Member of Congress; Albio Sires, Member of Congress; Frank Pallone, Jr., Member of Congress; Thomas A. Garrett, Jr., Member of Congress; John Ratcliffe, Member of Congress; Josh Gottheimer, Member of Congress; Lois Frankel, Member of Congress; Derek Kilmer, Member of Congress; Patrick Meehan, Member of Congress; Leonard Lance, Member of Congress; Randy Weber, Member of Congress; Bill Johnson, Member of Congress; David P. Joyce, Member of Con-gress; Adam Kinzinger, Member of Congress; Elise Stefanik, Member of Congress. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
EUTCH ), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa of the Foreign Affairs Committee. Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member E
NGEL and Chairman R
OYCE for their support of this legisla-tion, and I give special thanks to my colleague, Chairman M
CCAUL, for his leadership in recognizing the need to take action. We must work together to stop the brutal Iranian regime’s human rights abuses and demand the release of American hostages that Iran is using as pawns for political leverage. I am proud to partner with Mr. M
CCAUL in this effort The Iran Human Rights and Hostage- Taking Accountability Act sends a clear message to the Iranian regime and to the rest of the world: this Con-gress, this country will not tolerate the flagrant disregard of the most basic of human rights. My colleagues have explained the merits of this bill, and I know it is dif-ficult for many Americans to imagine, but we are here today to show our re-solve in the face of really unbelievable circumstances. For my constituents, the family of Robert Levinson, this is a nightmare that they have lived for 11 years. Bob Levinson is the longest held American hostage in history. He disappeared in Iran on March 9, 2007. Imagine 11 years without your hus-band or your father. Imagine having grandchildren who have never had the chance to meet their grandfather. Imagine 11 anniversaries, dozens of family birthdays, and holidays that pass by without Bob, just an empty place where Bob should be sitting. Bob’s wife, Christine, and his seven children—Susan, Stephanie, Sarah, Dan, David, Samantha, and Doug— have been tireless advocates for their father. They have traveled to Iran themselves looking for answers. They have made the trip to Washington, D.C., countless times to meet with gov-ernment officials and Members of Con-gress. They have fought for action all the way to the Oval Office, directly appeal-ing to President Bush, President Obama, and President Trump. They have watched as others have returned home to their families. They have lis-tened with hope as Iran’s leaders have promised cooperation. They have been disappointed more times than they can count as promises go unfulfilled year after year after year. Iran has become adept at this cruel game, because that is what it is to this rogue Iranian regime. They say that hostages are not hostages, but these people are not detained under a legal order. They have lost their freedom; they have been separated from their families; and they have been held under shamelessly trumped-up and false charges. Any attempt to show due process or trials has been a sham. To the Levinsons, to the Namazi fam-ily, the Zakka family, the Wang fam-ily, and the other families whose loved ones are being held, we stand with you. Today, we speak clearly and loudly with one bipartisan voice to send a message that no country, no rogue re-gime will use American lives as lever-age to further a dangerous agenda. This bill isn’t about the nuclear deal. Nothing in this deal precludes our con-tinued participation in the JCPOA. But this bill makes clear the importance of closely coordinating with our allies and partners whose citizens have also been held hostage by Iran to apply pressure on the regime. If we are going to counter Iran’s abuses, Iran’s terrorism, Iran’s threats to our troops and our national security interests, we must work in tandem with our partners around the globe. We will stand together against repression and the violation of human rights. We will stand together against religious persecution. We will stand together for the rule of law and democratic values. Taking hostages and violating the most fundamental values that cut to the core of our dignity as human beings is unacceptable to this Congress and to members of the international community. I urge all of my colleagues to stand up to Iran’s rogue regime, to stand up for human rights and for the people of Iran, to stand with the Levinsons and the other families whose loved ones are missing from their lives, and to fight for their return home by supporting this bill. Please support H.R. 4744, and to-gether we will stand for basic human rights. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 3 minutes to the gentle-woman from Florida (Ms. ROS- L
EHTINEN ), who chairs the Foreign Af-fairs Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman R
OYCE for his kind-ness and his leadership, and Ranking Member E
LIOT ENGEL , my favorite mensch, for bringing this bill to the floor today. I also want to thank and congratulate M
ICHAEL MCCAULand my south Florida colleague and dear friend T
EDDEUTCH for their work in offering this important bill. The regime in Iran, as we have heard from my colleagues, is responsible for some of the most despicable human rights abuses imaginable. The regime is also notorious for its hostage-taking tactics, hoping to get financial or po-litical concessions from the United States and other Western countries for their hostage taking. Mr. D
EUTCH and I have been high-lighting these abuses in our sub-committee through multiple hearings and many pieces of legislation, includ-ing a resolution that the House passed last year, H. Res. 317, that urged the President to make the release of Amer-icans held hostage in Iran the highest of priorities. We also held a hearing on some of the hostages named in the resolution where we heard from family members of Mr. D
EUTCH ’s constituent Bob Levinson, who is America’s longest held hostage ever; Baquer and Siamak Namazi, father and son, who have been unjustly detained in Iran for far too long; Nizar Zakka. All of these families have had to endure so much, Mr. Speaker. Almost 1 year later after our resolu-tion, all of these men as well as at least four other Americans, additional Americans, continue to be unjustly de-tained in Iran, suffering under horrific conditions with little to no contact with their families. Iran must be held accountable, Mr. Speaker. We need to be applying max-imum pressure against the regime. This bill gives the administration more tools to sanction the regime for this practice of taking hostages, and I offer my full support. I thank the esteemed chairman of our committee, as well as my friend, the ranking member. I thank the chair-man for the time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE), chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Ter-rorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\APRIL\H24AP8.REC H24AP8abonner on DSKBCJ7HB2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3470 April 24, 2018 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the Iranian regime is the number one state sponsor of terror in the whole world, and they commit terrorist acts even against their own people. I am proud to support H.R. 4744, the Iran Human Rights and Hostage-Tak-ing Accountability Act, introduced by my friend, Chairman M
CCAUL. The mullahs in Tehran are among the world’s worst human rights abus-ers. This year, we have witnessed their brutality again on display as they con-tinue to mercilessly crush dissent from their own people. International attention has faded, but the Iranian people are still in the streets demanding their rights, wheth-er they be economic opportunity, ac-cess to water, religious freedom, or gender equality. In response, the re-gime has murdered dozens and locked up thousands, as it has done so many times before, without punishment from the outside world. This is nothing new for the Islamic Republic. Look no further than the 1988 massacre, where 30,000 of Iran’s polit-ical prisoners were systematically murdered by the regime. This barbaric mass execution oc-curred by public hangings, firing squads, and included teenagers and pregnant women who refused to an-nounce their political affiliations, in-cluding many from the MEK, today’s leading Iranian dissident group. So horrific was the act that deputy to Iran’s ruler at the time, Ayatollah Khomeini, called it: ‘‘The greatest crime committed during the Islamic Republic for which history will con-demn us.’’ And, yes, history now con-demns the regime for these acts of murder. This bill will provide for that con-demnation and call for investigation into this crime against humanity. It also urges our government to work with international partners and inves-tigate other major human rights abuses, such as the dozens more killed during protests in 1999, 2009, and 2017, and sanction those responsible. In all cases, the families of those murdered by the regime were never told what happened to their loved ones’ remains. This important bill will pres-sure the Iranian Government to dis-close the final resting place of the missing so their families may have a small bit of peace. Mr. Speaker, now is the day of reck-oning for the Iranian regime. And that is just the way it is. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume for the purpose of closing. Mr. Speaker, it is no secret that the United States and Iran’s leaders are at odds on a host of issues. Iran has killed Americans in Iraq. Its proxies seek to harm our citizens and our interests around the world. But let me be clear: the United States has no quarrel with the Iranian people. b1645 This legislation seeks to protect the human rights of the Iranian people and Americans who are unfairly detained in Iran. This bill signals our solidarity with the protestors and demonstrators to Iran’s rulers that any action that violates the human rights of an Amer-ican will be met with severe con-sequences. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) just mentioned the 1988 massacre that was horrendous, and there were many, many more. This brutal regime has blood on its hands, and it is important for the United States to call them out. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. In closing, I would again like to thank my colleagues, Chairman M
CCAUL and Ranking Member E NGEL , for their bipartisan leadership to hold Iran accountable, to hold them ac-countable for their brutality: their bru-tality in the 1988 massacres, and their brutality in terms of the way they are treating their religious minorities today. We know that Americans formerly imprisoned by Iran describe being sub-jected to electric shock and whippings. We have heard that before our com-mittee. We have heard them say that they were denied medical care. Today, U.S. citizens, such as Siamak and Baqer Namazi, Xiyue Wang, and U.S. permanent resident Nazar Zaka, are all sitting in Iranian jails on bogus accusations of collaborating with a hostile government for espionage. And U.S. citizen Robert Levinson is still missing, and that is more than 10 years after he disappeared in Iran. Our hearts go out to these victims and our hearts go out to their families as we renew our call for the immediate release of all U.S. citizens and permanent resi-dents held in Iran. With this legislation, we will impose tough sanctions on the regime. And we do that for its corruption, for its at-tacks on innocent Americans, and for its attacks on Iranians alike. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support for H.R. 4744, the Iran Human Rights and Hostage—Taking Account-ability Act, introduced by my fellow Texas del-egate Congressman Michael McCall and fel-low House Judiciary colleague Congressman Ted Deutch. H.R. 4744 states that Congress stands with the people of Iran, and it provides the Trump administration with the tools necessary to hold Iranian government officials responsible for human rights violations, corruption, and cen-sorship. Moreover, this legislation holds the Iranian regime accountable for taking hostage Amer-ican citizens and permanent residents by en-suring that those responsible pay an extreme but just price for the violations committed. I applaud the House Foreign Affairs Com-mittee for their support in passing this critical piece of legislation. And I sincerely hope that this bill passes the Senate and arrives at the President’s desk to be promptly signed into law so we can begin to hold the Iranian regime accountable for their gross human rights violations. The Iranian regime continues to perpetuate gross human rights abuses against its own people. The regime continues to suppress the coun-try’s voices for reform through censorship of the media. The regime continues to recklessly use the nation’s resources to expand its regional influ-ence through its support for terrorist groups. The regime continues to engage in corrupt practices. And the regime continues to illegally detain and imprison our citizens without just cause or reason. These practices are unacceptable. H.R. 4744 serves as a clear signal to the people of Iran that we support them in their quest for freedom, it shines a light on the re-gime’s human rights violations and sanctions those who are complicit in such crimes. The same goes for Iranian officials guilty of corruption, censorship, and the diversion of goods intended for the Iranian people. Lastly, this bill sanctions individuals complicit in taking Americans and other na-tion’s citizens hostage and requires the Presi-dent to work with our international partners to develop a strategy to put an end to this prac-tice. We have five Americans currently detained in Iran—an intolerable circumstance that calls for action. We must do all we can, and apply as much pressure on Iran as necessary to ensure the American detainees’ safe release, and prevent future Americans from being held hostage by this brutal regime. I thank Congressman M
CCAULand D EUTCH  for their leadership on this legislation to hold Iran’s corrupt officials accountable. I urge all of my colleagues to support this bill’s passage, and the passage of all the im-portant measure before us today. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida). The question is on the motion offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4744, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
NO ASSISTANCE FOR ASSAD ACT Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4681) to limit assist-ance for areas of Syria controlled by the Government of Syria or associated forces, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4681 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24AP7.025 H24APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3471 April 24, 2018 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘No Assist-ance for Assad Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) Seven years into the conflict in Syria, over 11 million Syrians have been displaced from their homes and more than 400,000 have been killed. (2) Since the conflict in Syria began, the United States has provided more than $7.6 billion to meet humanitarian needs of the Syrian people, making the United States the world’s single largest donor to the Syrian humanitarian response. (3) It is estimated that the reconstruction of Syria could cost between $200 and $350 bil-lion. (4) According to the 2016 Transparency International Corruption Index, Syria is among the most corrupt countries in the world. (5) In October 2015, a visiting Russian dele-gation to Syria announced that Russian firms would lead in the effort to rebuild Syria, and Syrian President Bashar al-Assad reportedly said, ‘‘Syria is ready to provide Russian companies with all the contracts worth hundreds of billions of dollars.’’. (6) In August 2017, the Government of the People’s Republic of China hosted a trade fair in Syria, and a Chinese-Arab business group announced a $2,000,000,000 commitment from the Chinese government to fund the construction of industrial parks in Syria. 
SEC. 3. STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
It is the policy of the United States that United States foreign assistance made avail-able for early recovery, reconstruction, or stabilization in Syria should be used only in a democratic Syria or in areas of Syria not controlled by a government led by Bashar al- Assad or associated forces. 
SEC. 4. LIMITATION ON ASSISTANCE FOR AREAS OF SYRIA CONTROLLED BY THE GOVERNMENT OF SYRIA OR ASSOCI-ATED FORCES. 
(a) L IMITATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-section (c), for each of the fiscal years 2019 through 2023, amounts authorized to be ap-propriated or otherwise made available for assistance described in paragraph (2) may not be provided, directly or indirectly, for any area of Syria controlled by the Govern-ment of Syria or associated forces, as deter-mined by the Secretary of State, unless a certification described in subsection (b) is in effect. (2) A
SSISTANCE DESCRIBED .—Assistance re-ferred to in paragraph (1) is the following: (A) Assistance to carry out stabilization activities for the relevant area. (B) Assistance to carry out reconstruction activities for the relevant area. (b) C
ERTIFICATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—A certification described in this subsection is a certification sub-mitted by the President to the appropriate congressional committees that contains a determination that the Government of Syria— (A) has ceased attacks against civilians and civilian infrastructure as such, including attacks against medical facilities and per-sonnel, and the indiscriminate use of weap-ons, including through shelling and aerial bombardment, as demanded in United Na-tions Security Council Resolution 2254 (2015); (B) is taking verifiable steps to release all political prisoners and is providing full ac-cess to Syrian prisons for investigations by appropriate international human rights or-ganizations; (C) is taking verifiable steps to remove from government positions senior officials of the Government of Syria who are complicit in the planning or commission of war crimes, crimes against humanity, or human rights abuses, as well as any government official subject to sanctions under any provision of law; (D) is organizing free and fair elections for a new government to be held in a timely manner and under the supervision of United Nations observers, with all Syrians, includ-ing members of the diaspora, eligible to par-ticipate, as supported in United Nations Se-curity Council Resolution 2254 (2015); (E) is making tangible progress toward es-tablishing an independent judiciary; (F) is demonstrating respect for and com-pliance with internationally recognized human rights and basic freedoms as specified in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights; (G) is taking steps to verifiably fulfill its commitments under the Convention on the Prohibition of the Development, Production, Stockpiling and Use of Chemical Weapons and on their Destruction and the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, is making tangible progress toward becoming a signatory to the Convention on the Prohibi-tion of the Development, Production and Stockpiling of Bacteriological (Biological) and Toxin Weapons and on their Destruction, and adhering to the Missile Technology Con-trol Regime and other control lists, as nec-essary; (H) has halted the development and deploy-ment of ballistic and cruise missiles; (I) is taking verifiable steps to remove from positions of authority within the mili-tary, intelligence, and security services those individuals who were in a position of authority or responsibility during the con-flict, or who are in a position of authority or responsibility during a transition, who are determined to be responsible for or complicit in the torture, extrajudicial killing, or exe-cution of civilians, to include those who were involved the planning or execution of plans to use chemical weapons; (J) is making verifiable progress in reform-ing the Syrian military and security services so as to minimize the Government of Syria’s reliance on Iran and Iranian proxy forces to act on behalf or in support of Syria; and (K) is in the process of organizing the safe and voluntary return of Syrian refugees and internally displaced persons to their homes so that Syrians may return without fear of retribution by the Government of Syria or associated forces. (2) EFFECTIVE PERIOD .—A certification shall be in effect under this subsection for a period of 90 days beginning on the date on which the President submits the certifi-cation to the appropriate congressional com-mittees. (3) R
ENEWAL OR REPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which the President submits to the appropriate congressional committees a certification under this sub-section the President shall submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees either— (A) a new certification under this sub-section indicating that the conditions de-scribed in paragraph (1) are continuing to be met; or (B) a report that— (i) describes why the President is unable to make a new certification under this sub-section; and (ii) contains a certification that no funds will be obligated or expended to provide as-sistance described in subsection (a) in con-travention of subsection (a). (c) E
XCEPTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The limitation on assist-ance under subsection (a) shall not apply with respect to— (A) assistance for projects to be adminis-tered by local organizations that reflect the aims, needs, and priorities of local commu-nities in Syria; (B) assistance for projects to meet basic human needs in Syria, including— (i) drought relief; (ii) assistance to refugees, internally dis-placed persons, and conflict victims; (iii) the distribution of food and medicine; and (iv) the provision of health services; and (C) assistance to carry out the activities described in subsection (b)(1)(G). (2) REPORT AND DETERMINATION .—The President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report and de-termination for each of the fiscal years 2019 through 2023 on each project with respect to which this subsection applies during the pre-ceding fiscal year, including— (A) a description of the project; (B) a description of how United States funds with respect to the project were used; (C) the geographic location or locations of the project; and (D) a determination with respect to wheth-er the project benefited an official of the Assad regime. (3) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that, to the greatest extent prac-ticable, the United States should not fund projects described in this subsection with re-spect to which the Government of Syria, any official of the Government of Syria, and any immediate family member of an official of the Government of Syria have a financial or material interest or are affiliated with the implementing partner of the project. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate. (2) A
SSOCIATED FORCES .—The term ‘‘associ-ated forces’’ includes forces of the Govern-ment of the Russian Federation, the Govern-ment of the Islamic Republic of Iran, Ira-nian-backed proxy militias, and Hezbollah. (3) D
IRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY .—The term ‘‘directly or indirectly’’ includes assistance to multilateral institutions and inter-national governmental organizations, such as the United Nations and related agencies, the International Monetary Fund, and the World Bank. 
SEC. 5. REPORT ON DELIVERY OF UNITED STATES HUMANITARIAN ASSIST-ANCE TO SYRIA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State and the Adminis-trator of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a re-port on delivery of United States humani-tarian assistance to Syria. (b) M
ATTERS TOBEINCLUDED .—The report required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) A description of the challenges of access to areas of Syria controlled by the Govern-ment of Syria or associated forces for pur-poses of providing United States humani-tarian assistance, including assistance fund-ed through multilateral institutions and international governmental organizations. (2) A description of where such United States humanitarian assistance has been able to be delivered in such areas. (3) A description of where such United States humanitarian assistance has been de-nied access in such areas. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24AP7.013 H24APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3472 April 24, 2018 
(4) A description of how the United States Government is working to improve access to such areas. (5) A description of the roles and respon-sibilities of United States allies and partners and other countries in the region in ensuring access to such areas. (6) A description of how such United States humanitarian assistance and implementing partners of such assistance are monitored and evaluated. (7) A description of the major challenges that the United States faces in monitoring such United States humanitarian assistance and how the United States is working to overcome such challenges. (8) A description of the strategy of the United States to deliver humanitarian as-sistance to areas of Syria controlled by the Government of Syria or associated forces and in which the Government of Syria or as-sociated forces is impeding access to such areas. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ and ‘‘associated forces’’ have the meanings given such terms in section 4(f). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material in the R
ECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill comes at a very critical time. After 7 years of dev-astating civil war, the destruction in-flicted on the Syrian people by the Assad regime and its allies is cata-strophic. By catastrophic, we mean a half million dead and we mean 14 mil-lion souls pushed out of their homes in that civil war. Even now, Iranian-backed militias are engaged in sectarian cleansing. Ethnic cleansing was supposed to be something of the past. They are forcing people from their homes, and Russian warplanes continue to drop bombs on hospitals. Just 2 weeks ago, the regime again used chemical weapons outside of Damascus as part of an operation that has displaced 55,000 people in this lat-est operation. Mr. Speaker, I want to commend the ranking member of our committee, Mr. E
LIOT ENGEL , because during this pe-riod of time—and we have assisted in this effort—but during this period of time, he has tried to lead in getting a solution to the problem of that civil unrest in Syria, which began with peo-ple on the streets in Damascus march-ing, saying: ‘‘Peaceful, peaceful.’’ From day one, he has led an effort to try to focus us on trying to resolve this crisis. Unfortunately, as the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum noted in a recent re-port, the situation on the ground is getting even worse in Syria, and the worst, they say, is probably yet to come. At the same time as this carnage is going on, representatives of Syria, Iran, and Russia have spread out across the international community trying to gin up reconstruction money. They will not find it here. It would be unconscionable for U.S. Government function to be used for stabilization or reconstruction in the areas under control of the illegitimate Assad regime and its proxies, and I will tell you why: because the people in those areas that they have taken over are being pushed out. And the militia that are being brought in are militia— whether it is Hezbollah or other mili-tia—that are not indigenous to those communities. We are not going to sup-port the building of infrastructure that is going to benefit Hezbollah, Iran’s revolutionary guards, or foreign mili-tias recruited and paid for by the Ira-nian regime. If or when the day comes that the Government of Syria is no longer led by Bashar al-Assad and his proxies, then the U.S. can once again look at the prospect for assistance, if the day comes when people are allowed to re-turn to their homes. We do have an in-terest in seeing a stable and secure— and not hostile—Syria one day. But until then, murder, industrial level torture, starvation, deliberate targeting of schools, hospitals, and markets, and the shameless use of chemical weapons cannot be in the remotest way possible supported by U.S. funding. Mr. Speaker, I ask that Members join with us to ensure no U.S. funding makes it into the hands of the Assad regime and his proxies. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES , Washington, DC, April 16, 2018. Hon. E
DROYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN ROYCE : I am writing con-cerning H.R. 4681, the No Assistance for Assad Act. As a result of your having consulted with the Committee on Financial Services con-cerning provisions in the bill that fall within our Rule X jurisdiction, I agree to forgo ac-tion on the bill so that it may proceed expe-ditiously to the House Floor. The Committee on Financial Services takes this action with our mutual understanding that, by foregoing consideration of H.R. 4681, at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over the sub-ject matter contained in this or similar leg-islation, and that our Committee will be ap-propriately consulted and involved as this or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues that fall within our Rule X jurisdiction. Our Com-mittee also reserves the right to seek ap-pointment of an appropriate number of con-ferees to any House-Senate conference in-volving this or similar legislation, and re-quests your support for any such request. Finally, I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 4681 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during floor consideration thereof. Sincerely, JEBHENSARLING , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, April 17, 2018. Hon. J
EBHENSARLING , Chairman, Committee on Financial Services, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN HENSARLING : Thank you for consulting with the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee and agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 4681, the No As-sistance for Assad Act, so that the bill may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of your com-mittee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerog-atives on this resolution or similar legisla-tion in the future. I would support your ef-fort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any House-Senate conference on this legisla-tion. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 4681 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as this measure moves through the legisla-tive process. Sincerely, E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I rise in support of the No Assistance for Assad Act. This act, H.R. 4681, was written by me. I am proud to be the lead sponsor in this bill. And I am proud of the bi-partisan support that we have gotten from Chairman R
OYCE and others on both sides of the aisle. Mr. Speaker, every time we think that the crisis in Syria could not get any worse, the Assad regime manages to plunge the country into even deeper depths. Children living in besieged Madaya could not get food, so they re-sort to eating leaves. A 7-year-old and her mother tweeted good-bye messages from Aleppo under siege. What has hap-pened recently in eastern Ghouta is just unfathomable. The White Helmets—first respond-ers—rushing to the scene of an aerial attack, have been targeted themselves once they arrived to render aid. And the regime has continued using chem-ical weapons, which the world swore we would never use again. But no matter how Assad’s victims have met their ends—from nerve gas or barrel bombs or at the hands of Assad’s Russian or Iranian patrons—the loss of innocent life is staggering. My heart really bleeds for the people of Syria. What they have had to endure should not be endured by anyone. The United States needs to be vocal and we need to take action. As we continue to find some way to end the bloodshed, we also need to start thinking about what will come down the road. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24AP7.013 H24APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3473 April 24, 2018 
This bill says that American assist-ance for reconstruction in Syria should be available in areas controlled by Assad only if the regime stops indis-criminate use of weapons, ends attacks on civilians and civilian facilities, re-leases political prisoners, allows human rights organizations access to the prisons, and removes senior offi-cials complicit in human rights abuses. If Bashar al-Assad—the butcher of Syria—wants to destroy his own coun-try and then expects the United States to pick up the pieces, he is sorely mis-taken. That simply won’t happen. He and Russia and Iran broke Syria, and now they have to buy it. We were careful in crafting this legis-lation to ensure that these limitations won’t affect locally administered projects. And the bill permits humani-tarian assistance to all in need. Recovery in Syria will be a slow and painful process. But we cannot allow those responsible for hundreds of thou-sands of murders to control American dollars meant to help the country re-build. Who in the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee can forget those horrendous pic-tures taken of all these dead corpses lying one by one right next to each other? Who could ever forget those atrocities that are being put up with by the people of Syria each and every day? I am grateful for the bipartisan sup-port this bill has already received. I particularly want to thank Congress-man K
INZINGER , Congressman B OYLE , and Chairman R
OYCE for their partner-ship in crafting this legislation. This legislation sends a message— particularly after the Assad regime again used chemical weapons—that we are closely watching the developments in Syria and that the United States will not assist those who are party to such heinous war crimes. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. K
INZINGER ), the pri-mary Republican cosponsor of this bill. Mr. KINZINGER. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman R
OYCE , Ranking Mem-ber E
NGEL , and the co-chair of the Friends of a Free, Stable, and Demo-cratic Syria Caucus with me, Rep-resentative B
OYLE , for their work on this bill. In the start of the Syrian civil war in 2011, we thought it was going to be peaceful. Since then, 500,000 Syrians are dead—50,000 of which are children— at the hands of the brutal Assad re-gime. Assad, his regime, Russia, and Iran have committed genocide across Syria. They have targeted hospitals and schools, and they have destroyed crit-ical infrastructure with indiscriminate barrel bombs and airstrikes. They re-duced much of the country to rubble. As long as Assad is in power, they should be fully responsible for rebuild-ing. The No Assistance for Assad Act would place conditions on American non-humanitarian assistance in Syrian territories controlled by the Assad re-gime or their allies. By limiting our reconstruction as-sistance to Assad, we send a strong message that the American people will not support any efforts to legitimize or bolster the barbaric Assad regime—a regime that uses chemical weapons on its own innocent civilians, as we saw especially recently. We have seen far too many horrifying images of the bloody and besieged chil-dren across Syria, suffering at the hands of an evil war criminal. As of January 2018, the United States has provided more than $7.7 billion in humanitarian assistance to the people of Syria. We will continue to support the innocent victims with emergency food, safe drinking water, shelter, and other vital resources that they des-perately need. Separately, this legislation places strict conditions on the non-humani-tarian assistance for things like early recovery, stabilization, and reconstruc-tion in the Assad-controlled Syrian territories. The release of all political prisoners and providing full access to Syrian prisoners for human rights investiga-tions and removing those human rights abusers from positions of authority are just two of the conditions included in this bill. The Syrian Government must also end all attacks against civilians and halt the development and deploy-ment of ballistic and cruise missiles. For our own national security and that of our allies, we must do all we can now to prevent the next generation of terrorists down the road. b1700 Without hope and opportunity, the people of Syria and those across the Middle East will become prime recruits for groups like ISIS, Hezbollah, and others. The United States of America must take a stand against the genocide in Syria, the inhumane war crimes against the innocent people of Syria, and the oppressive strongmen, those like Assad. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 4681, the No Assistance for Assad Act. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE), the chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs Sub-committee on Terrorism, Nonprolifera-tion, and Trade. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I also want to thank and express my support for Ranking Member E
NGEL ’s bill, H.R. 4681, the No Assistance for Assad Act. As he said, Assad is a butch-er, a butcher of his own people. Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad con-tinues to murder the Syrians en masse and destroy what was once a great an-cient land. Because of the world’s inac-tion, he is close to victory. He has proven that evil triumphs when good men and women do nothing. Now Syria is in ruins and it must be rebuilt, but in the lands that Assad and his thugs control, we should play no part in helping his regime look like the saviors of the country. He and his Rus-sian and Iranian backers must foot the bill for the destruction they brought upon Syria. Assad and his murderous supporters will try to use any recon-struction to cover up for their crimes. That is why it is important we pass H.R. 4681, to restrict any U.S.-funded reconstruction assistance to areas the Syrian regime controls. The American people are kind; they are generous and will always help those in need. We always have—history proves it—but we will not pay for a propaganda win for brutal dictators like Assad. Let Assad and his buddies, the Ira-nians and the Russians, rebuild Assad’s territory. His regime has weaponized humanitarian aid throughout the war, and we can only expect him to con-tinue to do so as he tries to retake ter-ritory. So, for now, let Assad rule over the ruins of the old Syria, the Syria he de-stroyed, and no U.S. money should ever go to Assad. One day, the Assads will be gone, but until then, we should not provide a dime of American money to strengthen his rule and grip over that land. And that is just the way it is. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, in closing, reconstruc-tion and stabilization of a post-ISIS Syria is estimated to cost in the neigh-borhood of $300 billion. And, by the way, I wish I could say a post-Assad Syria, because he is the one who really should go. The Syrian regime has spent the last 6 years destroying civilian infrastruc-ture and driving people from their homes. It is simply not the role of the United States to support reconstruc-tion in Syria, especially if the Assad regime continues to suppress the Syr-ian people and there is no account-ability for his war crimes. For those who are considering invest-ing in Syrian reconstruction in Assad- controlled territories, just know that Syria is one of the most corrupt coun-tries in the world. Therefore, it should be expected that reconstruction money would be syphoned off to those who have perpetrated war crimes and those who facilitate terrorism. We must pre-vent this. Again, we must not forget the plight of the Syrian people. We must continue to stand with the Syrian people. We must demand that there is an end to all chemical weapons and all weapons killing civilians with barrel bombs, with people trying to get out of the way, little children dying with their mothers, in their mother’s hands. This cannot continue. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24AP7.029 H24APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3474 April 24, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. In closing, I would like to thank Ranking Member E
NGEL and Rep-resentative K
INZINGER for their excep-tional work on this important bill. This bill will keep taxpayer dollars out of the hands of a murderous regime and its proxies. Time and again, Mr. E
LIOT ENGEL has been this body’s conscience on the issue of Syria. We have acted many times, passing the Caesar Syria Civil-ian Protection Act twice; adopting H. Con. Res. 121, which expressed the sense of the Congress supporting the establishment of a tribunal in Syria to try Assad’s war crimes, another meas-ure we had passed. While we have made important progress in the military campaign against ISIS, there is no end in sight to the misery inflicted on the people of Syria by Assad and his proxies. Now is not the time to turn away. As we en-gage, we cannot allow U.S. taxpayer money to reward war crimes. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4681, the No Assist-ance for Assad Act, introduced by my good friend Rep. E
NGEL , the Ranking Member of our committee. I commend Rep. E
NGEL and Rep. K
INZINGER for advancing this important measure in a bipartisan manner to dem-onstrate the broad agreement in this House that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad has no future as the legitimate leader of the Syrian people. Mr. Speaker, this bill would effectively block most categories of U.S. assistance to areas of Syria controlled by the Assad regime unless it is delivered through trusted local partners or serves basic humanitarian needs. In creating strict conditions for the provisions of U.S. as-sistance to regime-controlled areas, this bill ensures that the United States will not help those responsible for destroying Syria to profit from rebuilding it. Mr. Speaker, the Syrian regime, Russia, and Iran have played both arsonist and firefighter in Syria’s devastating civil war—and now they want to play the role of predatory developer, sopping up reconstruction contracts to pad their pockets and further determine Syria’s fu-ture in line with their narrow political agendas. Mr. Speaker, Assad long ago surrendered his last shred of legitimacy as president of Syria. His regime’s horrific chemical attack this month in Douma placed this fact once again in high relief. The Trump Administration was right to respond decisively to this barbaric attack with targeted strikes to punish and deter such atrocities perpetrated with chemical weapons. Mr. Speaker, I have long advocated con-crete steps that would ensure the Assad re-gime, jihadi groups, and others responsible for mass atrocities in Syria face justice for their crimes. This bill rightly insists on the removal of war criminals from the Syrian government as one condition among many for releasing U.S. aid to the regime. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to sup-port this timely and important measure. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4681, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
SUPPORTING EFFORTS TO BRING THE 2026 FIFA WORLD CUP COM-PETITION TO CANADA, MEXICO, AND THE UNITED STATES Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 111) recognizing and sup-porting the efforts of the United Bid Committee to bring the 2026 Federation Internationale de Football Association (FIFA) World Cup competition to Can-ada, Mexico, and the United States, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the con-current resolution. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 111 Whereas soccer is one of the fastest grow-ing and most popular sports in the world and the FIFA World Cup competition is the sin-gle most important event in that sport; Whereas the United States successfully hosted in 9 cities throughout the Nation the 1994 FIFA World Cup competition, which was broadcast to billions of fans around the world and set an attendance record of nearly 3,600,000, which remains unbroken today; Whereas the 1994 FIFA World Cup competi-tion served as a catalyst for the increased popularity and development of the game throughout the United States, as well as the introduction of Major League Soccer, the United States national first division profes-sional soccer league; Whereas United States Soccer Federation and its counterparts in Canada and Mexico have established a United Bid Committee to prepare and submit an unprecedented joint bid to host the 2026 FIFA World Cup com-petition in North America; Whereas Canada, the United States, and Mexico share core beliefs in justice, freedom, equality, and opportunity, and have a long history of partnership, innovation, and growth together on our shared continent; Whereas for the first time in history the 2026 FIFA World Cup will include teams from 48 nations and presents an opportunity for Canada, Mexico, and the United States as host countries to demonstrate the highest achievable standards and serve as a bench-mark for future organizers; Whereas North America is home to one of the most competitive and advanced profes-sional sports landscapes in the world that is continually updating to take advantage of the latest innovations and modernizations; Whereas numerous American cities have been named by the United Bid Committee as candidates to serve as hosts to FIFA World Cup matches in 2026, with each of these cities embodying the diversity and enthusiasm shared by the entire Nation and guaran-teeing each participating team and its fol-lowers a ‘‘home team’’ atmosphere; Whereas the United States and its neigh-bors offer FIFA a valuable and receptive market within which to further develop the sport of soccer, which in turn will have sig-nificant impact on and off the field in both the United States and throughout the world; Whereas the United States possesses all necessary state-of-the-art infrastructure in its stadiums and potential host cities to en-sure that the competition sets a new stand-ard of quality, comfort, security, and safety for players, officials, spectators, media, and sponsors alike; Whereas hosting the 2026 FIFA World Cup in Canada, Mexico, and the United States promises record-setting attendance and fi-nancial performance, allowing revenues and tourism generated by the competition to be used for the further development of soccer, FIFA’s objectives of positive social and envi-ronmental change, and further economic growth throughout our Nation; Whereas hosting the 2026 FIFA World Cup competition in Canada, Mexico, and the United States would serve as a tremendous impetus to national and international good-will, as the competition would bring people from many nations, along with a diverse public, together under one banner of peace, friendship, and spirited and fair competition; Whereas the historical tradition of inclusivity in the United States is shared by Canada and Mexico and the three countries are eager to welcome the players, spectators, and visitors who may travel to North Amer-ica for the 2026 FIFA World Cup games; and Whereas pursuant to FIFA bidding proce-dures, the President of the United States and certain Federal agencies have been asked to issue guarantees that upon authorization or appropriation, would establish the condi-tions required to help make the 2026 FIFA World Cup competition the most successful in history: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate concurring), That the Congress— (1) recognizes and supports the efforts of the United Bid Committee to bring the 2026 FIFA World Cup competition to Canada, Mexico, and the United States; (2) encourages the President of the United States and appropriate Federal agencies to support the United Bid Committee in its ef-forts to meet all requirements for the United States to jointly host with Canada and Mex-ico the 2026 FIFA World Cup competition; and (3) stands prepared to give full consider-ation to legislative proposals or other re-quests by the President to provide support related to the 2026 FIFA World Cup competi-tion, if Canada, Mexico, and the United States are selected to host this event. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on this measure. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. L
AHOOD). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24AP7.030 H24APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3475 April 24, 2018 
I thank him for introducing a resolu-tion which expresses the broad bipar-tisan agreement that the United States supports the United Bid Committee’s effort to jointly host the 2026 FIFA World Cup competition. Soccer is one of the most popular sports in the world, and the World Cup is its most important competition. Hosting the tournament would be a win for the United States and for our neighbors in Canada and Mexico as well. The United States has not hosted a FIFA World Cup since 1994, but 24 years later, we still hold the all-time attend-ance record. Over 3
1⁄2million people at-tended those matches. I remember. I was there in the stands for the games in L.A. The economic revenue gen-erated by the 1994 tournament gen-erated more than double what was ex-pected. The 2026 tournament is expected to break revenue and attendance records. FIFA has already announced that it will be the first time in tournament history that 48 teams, instead of 32, are going to compete in the World Cup. The addition of more teams will mean more economic opportunities for Amer-ican cities such as Los Angeles and San Francisco to host and entertain visi-tors from around the country and around the world. The FIFA World Cup, much like the Olympics, has a long tradition of bring-ing countries together in a competitive but peaceful environment. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure. First, let me thank Congressman L
AHOOD for authoring this bipartisan resolution and Chairman R
OYCE for bringing it to the floor. With this resolution, we send a strong message of support for the ef-forts of the United Bid Committee to bring the FIFA World Cup competition to the United States, Mexico, and Can-ada. We share critical relationships with our neighbors to the north and south, and it is important that we keep those good relationships. So I am pleased that Congress continues to push back on anything that would hurt the rela-tionship. Last year, the House passed my reso-lution with Congressman M
CCAUL re-affirming the importance of the U.S.- Mexico partnership, as well as a resolu-tion from Congressman J
EFF DUNCAN  on the U.S.-Canada alliance. The 2026 FIFA World Cup provides another key opportunity for us to reinforce our strong alliances with both Mexico and Canada. The United States has hosted the World Cup three times: the men’s tour-nament in 1994, and the women’s World Cup in both 1999 and 2003. We have the infrastructure. We know how to pre-pare. We have 25 American cities eligi-ble to host. Bringing the world’s most popular tournament back to North America would generate increased tourist revenue for host sites as fans arrive from all over the world. Congress should not only pass this resolution, but Congress should also continue to provide support for the United Bid Committee and its efforts in our own conversations with foreign leaders and other stakeholders. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this resolution, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LAHOOD), the author of this resolution. Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman R
OYCE for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Con. Res. 111, recognizing and supporting the efforts of the United Bid Committee to bring the 2026 FIFA World Cup soccer competition to the United States, Canada, and Mexico. This bipartisan resolution, intro-duced by the co-chairs of the Congres-sional Soccer Caucus—myself, Con-gresswoman C
ASTOR , Congressman B
ACON , Congressman K IHUEN —conveys our strong support for this united North American bid to host the 2026 World Cup as well as voicing our over-all support for soccer at the global level. When the U.S. last hosted the 1994 FIFA World Cup competition, it served as a catalyst for the increased popu-larity and development of soccer across America and the introduction of Major League Soccer, which is thriving today. Since the games in 1994, soccer has become one of the fastest growing sports in the United States, promoting a competitive and a healthy and active lifestyle, teamwork, and sportsmanship to over 24 million Americans of all ages in every State. This includes the 20 percent of American children under the age of 12 who currently play soccer. As the father to three young soccer players and the Representative of a dis-trict which includes eight college soc-cer programs, I recognize the value that soccer has for families and com-munities. Additionally, in my home State of Illinois, we are proud to be the home of the U.S. Soccer Federation and the Chicago Fire, one of Major League Soccer’s original soccer clubs. By uniting players and fans from dif-ferent nations under one banner of friendship and fair competition, it is our hope that hosting the 2026 competi-tion would promote and further the positive impact of soccer here and abroad. As the consideration of the 2026 loca-tion by FIFA continues, support from Congress will help demonstrate that our government is equally enthusiastic for North America’s three largest na-tions to host one of the world’s pre-eminent sporting events, which is soc-cer. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my col-leagues who have supported this effort, including Chairman ROYCE , who has been a strong advocate for this resolu-tion, and also my colleagues on the U.S. Congressional Soccer Caucus. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of H. Con. Res. 111. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. C
ASTOR ), an original co-sponsor of this resolution, but even more importantly, co-chair of the Con-gressional Soccer Caucus. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, the United States of America and our North American neighbors of Canada and Mexico have a wonderful oppor-tunity to host the 2026 FIFA World Cup soccer tournament. This is a combined North American bid. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my colleague, Representative L
AHOOD, and Chairman R
OYCE and Ranking Member E
NGEL for their support of this resolution, and I also commend my col-leagues, Congressman B
ACON and Con-gressman K
IHUEN , who also co-chair the Congressional Soccer Caucus. The United States last hosted the World Cup in 1994. We had nine cities. The attendance was over 3
1⁄2million. We think now for 2026 it is going to be bigger and better than ever because we are going to combine efforts with our North American neighbors of Canada and Mexico, where they will also host many of the tournament matches. b1715 Mr. Speaker, I noticed that Mr. W
EB-
STER was on the floor, along with Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN and Mr. D EUTCH , and they should be proud to know that Or-lando and Miami, from our home State of Florida, will be participating, and we love soccer in the Sunshine State. But I also offer my strong support for this resolution because of the inspira-tion that the World Cup soccer tour-nament provides to young people all across this country. It is like the Olympics. It encourages them to be healthy and well, to participate in team supports and athletics. It exposes and encourages children and young people to be good sports and under-stand what a world competition means in a friendly way. Studies show that team sports lead to healthier lifestyles, increased knowledge about exercise and nutri-tion, positive gains in reading and math; and that is why the Congres-sional Soccer Caucus works with the U.S. Soccer Foundation because they really provide the national model for programs about ‘‘the beautiful game,’’ and they make so many helpful invest-ments in communities across the coun-try to encourage kids to get out, be ac-tive, and learn about great sportsman-ship. So here is this resolution. We are coming together in a bipartisan way, to recognize the effort, to support it, to make sure that Americans everywhere know that we expect the men’s team to live up to their expectations. The wom-en’s team, national team, of course, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24AP7.032 H24APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3476 April 24, 2018 
has been champion after champion after champion. It is time, also, for the men’s team and this generation to try to meet their goals. We would like to encourage everyone to pay attention, support the effort. Again, I thank my colleague, Mr. L
AHOOD, Chairman R OYCE , Ranking Member E
NGEL ; and I urge the House to kick this resolution towards passage so that we can meet our goals. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. The ties between the United States, Mexico, and Canada are longstanding and deep; and I am pleased that the United States can continue to come to-gether in partnership with our friends from both of those countries on the United Bid Committee to try to bring the 2026 World Cup to North America. I stand ready to support the North American bid in any way that I can. It would really be terrific to get it, and I know we all feel the same way. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this resolution, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. In closing, I would like to, once again, thank the gentleman from Illi-nois (Mr. L
AHOOD), and I also thank the 40 cosponsors who have been push-ing this important, bipartisan resolu-tion. By passing this resolution, we show our support for the efforts of the United Bid Committee to bring the ex-citement of the World Cup tournament to the United States once again, for the first time since 1994. Mr. Speaker, I urge unanimous sup-port for this measure, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P
OE of Texas). The question is on the mo-tion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the con-current resolution, H. Con. Res. 111, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
AMERICAN SPACE COMMERCE FREE ENTERPRISE ACT Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2809) to amend title 51, United States Code, to provide for the authorization and supervision of non-governmental space activities, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 2809 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘American Space Commerce Free Enter-prise Act’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Findings; policy; purposes. Sec. 3. Certification to operate space ob-jects. Sec. 4. Permitting of space-based remote sensing systems. Sec. 5. Administrative provisions related to certification and permitting. Sec. 6. Technical and conforming amend-ments. Sec. 7. Office of Space Commerce. Sec. 8. Restriction on preventing launches and reentries of certified space objects. Sec. 9. Report on registration of space ob-jects. Sec. 10. Comptroller General report. Sec. 11. Radiofrequency mapping report. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS; POLICY; PURPOSES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) The United States, through existing au-thorization and supervision mechanisms, satisfies and is in conformity with its obliga-tion under the Outer Space Treaty to au-thorize and supervise nongovernmental space activities to assure such activities are car-ried out in conformity with the inter-national obligations of the United States under the Outer Space Treaty. (2) The United States has a robust and in-novative private sector that is investing in, developing, and placing into outer space, spacecraft and payloads. (3) Authorization and supervision mecha-nisms as of the date of enactment of this Act could be improved to relieve administrative burdens on new and innovative nongovern-mental space actors. (4) It serves the national interest to ad-dress misperceptions of legal uncertainty through the establishment of a general au-thorization and supervision certification au-thority for nongovernmental outer space ac-tivities. (5) The private exploration and use of outer space by nongovernmental entities will fur-ther the national security, foreign policy, and economic interests of the United States. (b) P
OLICY .—It is the policy of the United States that— (1) United States citizens and entities are free to explore and use space, including the utilization of outer space and resources con-tained therein, without conditions or limita-tions; (2) this freedom is only to be limited when necessary to assure United States national security interests are met and to authorize and supervise nongovernmental space activi-ties to assure such activities are carried out in conformity with the international obliga-tions of the United States under the Outer Space Treaty; (3) to the maximum extent practicable, the Federal Government shall interpret and ful-fill its international obligations to minimize regulations and limitations on the freedom of United States nongovernmental entities to explore and use space; (4) to the maximum extent practicable, the Federal Government shall take steps to pro-tect the physical safety of space objects op-erated by the United States that do not in-volve limitations on the freedoms of non-governmental entities of the United States; and (5) nongovernmental activities in outer space shall only be authorized and supervised in a transparent, timely, and predictable manner, with minimal costs and burdens placed on the entities authorized and super-vised. (c) PURPOSES .—The purposes of this Act and the amendments made by this Act are— (1) to enhance the existing outer space au-thorization and supervision framework to provide greater transparency, greater effi-ciency, and less administrative burden for nongovernmental entities of the United States seeking to conduct space activities; and (2) to ensure that the United States re-mains the world leader in commercial space activities. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this Act— (1) the term ‘‘Agreement on the Rescue of Astronauts and the Return of Space Objects’’ means the Agreement on the Rescue of As-tronauts, the Return of Astronauts and the Return of Objects Launched into Outer Space (signed at Washington, Moscow, and London on April 22, 1968, ratified by the United States on December 3, 1968; 19 UST 7570); (2) the term ‘‘Convention on Registration of Space Objects’’ means the Convention on Registration of Objects Launched into Outer Space (signed at New York on January 14, 1975, ratified by the United States on Sep-tember 15, 1976; 28 UST 695); (3) the term ‘‘covered treaties on outer space’’ means— (A) the Outer Space Treaty; (B) the Agreement on the Rescue of Astro-nauts and the Return of Space Objects; (C) the Convention on Registration of Space Objects; and (D) the Liability Convention; (4) the term ‘‘Liability Convention’’ means the Convention on the International Liabil-ity for Damage Caused by Space Objects (signed at Washington, Moscow, and London on March 29, 1972, ratified by the United States on October 9, 1973; 24 UST 2389); and (5) the term ‘‘Outer Space Treaty’’ means the Treaty on Principles Governing the Ac-tivities of States in the Exploration and Use of Outer Space, including the Moon and Other Celestial Bodies (signed at Wash-ington, Moscow, and London on January 27, 1967, ratified by the United States on Octo-ber 10, 1967; 18 UST 2410). 
SEC. 3. CERTIFICATION TO OPERATE SPACE OB-JECTS. 
Title 51, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Subtitle VIII—Authorization and Super-vision of Nongovernmental Space Activities ‘‘CHAPTER 801—CERTIFICATION TO OPERATE SPACE OBJECTS ‘‘Sec. ‘‘80101. Definitions. ‘‘80102. Certification authority. ‘‘80103. Certification application and require-ments. ‘‘80104. Mitigation of space debris. ‘‘80105. Continuing certification require-ments. ‘‘80106. Certification transfer. ‘‘80107. Certification expiration and termi-nation. ‘‘80108. Existing license or pending applica-tion for launch or reentry. ‘‘80109. Private Space Activity Advisory Committee. ‘‘80110. Exemptions. ‘‘80111. Protecting the interests of United States entity space objects. ‘‘§ 80101. Definitions ‘‘In this subtitle: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24AP7.034 H24APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3477 April 24, 2018 
‘‘(1) A GENCY .—The term ‘agency’ has the meaning given the term Executive agency in section 105 of title 5. ‘‘(2) A
GREEMENT ON THE RESCUE OF ASTRO -
NAUTS AND THE RETURN OF SPACE OBJECTS .— The term ‘Agreement on the Rescue of As-tronauts and the Return of Space Objects’ means the Agreement on the Rescue of As-tronauts, the Return of Astronauts and the Return of Objects Launched into Outer Space (signed at Washington, Moscow, and London on April 22, 1968, ratified by the United States on December 3, 1968; 19 UST 7570). ‘‘(3) C
ONVENTION ON REGISTRATION OF SPACE  
OBJECTS .—The term ‘Convention on Registra-tion of Space Objects’ means the Convention on Registration of Objects Launched into Outer Space (signed at New York on January 14, 1975, ratified by the United States on Sep-tember 15, 1976; 28 UST 695). ‘‘(4) C
OVERED TREATIES ON OUTER SPACE .— The term ‘covered treaties on outer space’ means— ‘‘(A) the Outer Space Treaty; ‘‘(B) the Agreement on the Rescue of As-tronauts and the Return of Space Objects; ‘‘(C) the Convention on Registration of Space Objects; and ‘‘(D) the Liability Convention. ‘‘(5) L
IABILITY CONVENTION .—The term ‘Li-ability Convention’ means the Convention on the International Liability for Damage Caused by Space Objects (signed at Wash-ington, Moscow, and London on March 29, 1972, ratified by the United States on Octo-ber 9, 1973; 24 UST 2389). ‘‘(6) N
ATIONAL OF THE UNITED STATES .—The term ‘national of the United States’ has the meaning given such term in section 101(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)). ‘‘(7) O
UTER SPACE TREATY .—The term ‘Outer Space Treaty’ means the Treaty on Principles Governing the Activities of States in the Exploration and Use of Outer Space, including the Moon and Other Celestial Bod-ies (signed at Washington, Moscow, and Lon-don on January 27, 1967, ratified by the United States on October 10, 1967; 18 UST 2410). ‘‘(8) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means, except as otherwise provided in this subtitle, the Secretary of Commerce, acting through the Office of Space Commerce. ‘‘(9) S
PACE -BASED REMOTE SENSING SYS -
TEM.—The term ‘space-based remote sensing system’ means a space object in Earth orbit that is— ‘‘(A) designed to image the Earth; or ‘‘(B) capable of imaging a space object in Earth orbit operated by the Federal Govern-ment. ‘‘(10) S
PACE DEBRIS MITIGATION .—The term ‘space debris mitigation’ means efforts to— ‘‘(A) prevent on-orbit break-ups; ‘‘(B) remove spacecraft that have reached the end of their mission operation from use-ful densely populated orbit regions; and ‘‘(C) limit the amount of debris released during normal operations of a space object. ‘‘(11) S
PACE OBJECT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘space object’ means— ‘‘(i) a human-made object located in outer space, including on the Moon and other ce-lestial bodies, with or without human occu-pants, that was launched from Earth, such as a satellite or a spacecraft, including compo-nent parts of the object; and ‘‘(ii) all items carried on such object that are intended for use in outer space outside of, and independent of, the operation of such object. ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSION .—Such term includes any human-made object that is— ‘‘(i) manufactured or assembled in outer space; and ‘‘(ii) intended for operations in outer space outside of, and independent of, the oper-ations of such object in which the manufac-turing or assembly occurred. ‘‘(C) EXCLUSIONS .—Such term does not in-clude— ‘‘(i) an article on board a space object that is only intended for use inside the space ob-ject; ‘‘(ii) an article manufactured or processed in outer space that is a material; or ‘‘(iii) an article intended for use outside of a space object as part of the certified oper-ations of the space object. ‘‘(12) S
TATE .—The term ‘State’ means each of the several States of the United States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the United States Virgin Is-lands, Guam, American Samoa, the Com-monwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, and any other commonwealth, territory, or possession of the United States. ‘‘(13) U
NITED STATES .—The term ‘United States’ means the States, collectively. ‘‘(14) U
NITED STATES ENTITY .—The term ‘United States entity’ means— ‘‘(A) an individual who is a national of the United States; or ‘‘(B) a nongovernmental entity organized or existing under, and subject to, the laws of the United States or a State. ‘‘§ 80102. Certification authority ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the American Space Commerce Free Enterprise Act, the Secretary shall begin issuing certifications for the operation of a space object to any United States entity who submits an appli-cation for a certification in satisfaction of the requirements of this chapter. ‘‘(b) C
ONSULTATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, as the Secretary considers necessary, consult with the heads of other relevant agencies in carrying out the requirements of this chap-ter, pursuant to section 80310. ‘‘(2) E
XPLOITATION AND INTEGRATION OF  
WAVEFORMS .—The Secretary shall consult with the Secretary of Defense before issuing a certification or approving a change to an existing certification if the operations of the space object involve exploitation and inte-gration of waveforms other than publicly available or standard public waveforms. The previous sentence shall not grant authority to the Secretary to regulate such operations. ‘‘(c) C
ERTIFICATION REQUIRED FOR OPER-
ATION .—Beginning on the date that is 1 year after the date of enactment of the American Space Commerce Free Enterprise Act, a United States entity may not operate a space object unless the entity holds a certifi-cation issued under this chapter for the oper-ation of such object or the entity holds a valid payload approval for launch or reentry under section 50904 as part of a license issued under chapter 509, and that satisfies the re-quirements of section 80108(a). ‘‘(d) F
OREIGN ENTITIES PROHIBITED .—The Secretary may not issue a certification under this chapter to any person who is not a United States entity. ‘‘(e) C
OVERAGE OF CERTIFICATION .—The Sec- retary shall, to the maximum extent prac-ticable, require only 1 certification under this chapter for a United States entity to— ‘‘(1) conduct multiple operations carried out using a single space object; ‘‘(2) operate multiple space objects that carry out substantially similar operations; or ‘‘(3) use multiple space objects to carry out a single space operation. ‘‘§ 80103. Certification application and re-quirements ‘‘(a) A
PPLICATION PROCESS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—To be eligible for a cer-tification or transfer of a certification to op-erate a space object under this chapter, a United States entity shall submit an applica-tion to the Secretary as provided in para-graph (2). Such application shall include, for each required item or attestation, sufficient evidence to demonstrate each fact or asser-tion. ‘‘(2) CONTENTS .—An application described in paragraph (1) shall include only the fol-lowing information, with respect to each space object and the operations proposed to be certified: ‘‘(A) The name, address, and contact infor-mation of one or more nationals of the United States designated by the applicant as responsible for the operation of the space ob-ject. ‘‘(B) An affirmation, and a document of proof, that the applicant is a United States entity. ‘‘(C) If available at the time of submission of the application, the planned date and loca-tion of the launch of the space object, includ-ing the identity of the launch provider. ‘‘(D) The general physical form and com-position of the space object. ‘‘(E) A description of the proposed oper-ations of the space object that includes— ‘‘(i) when and where the space object will operate; and ‘‘(ii) when and where the operation of the space object will terminate. ‘‘(F) A description of how the space object will be operated and disposed of in a manner to mitigate the generation of space debris. ‘‘(G) Information about third-party liabil-ity insurance obtained, if any, by the appli-cant for operations of the space object, in-cluding the amount and coverage of such li-ability insurance. ‘‘(H) Whether the space object will include a space-based remote sensing system. ‘‘(I) Whether the operations will involve exploitation and integration of waveforms other than publicly available or standard public waveforms and, if so, information about such operations as proscribed in ad-vance by regulation by the Secretary. ‘‘(3) A
TTESTATIONS .—An application de-scribed in paragraph (1) shall contain an at-testation by the applicant of each the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) The space object is not a nuclear weapon or a weapon of mass destruction. ‘‘(B) The space object will not carry a nu-clear weapon or weapon of mass destruction. ‘‘(C) The space object will not be operated or used for testing of any weapon on a celes-tial body. ‘‘(D) All information in the application and supporting documents is true, complete, and accurate. ‘‘(b) R
EVIEW OF APPLICATION .— ‘‘(1) V
ERIFICATION OF INFORMATION AND AT -
TESTATIONS .—Not later than 90 days after re-ceipt of an application under this section, the Secretary shall verify that— ‘‘(A) the application is complete, including any required supporting documents; ‘‘(B) the application does not contain any clear indication of fraud or falsification; and ‘‘(C) the application contains each attesta-tion required under subsection (a)(3). ‘‘(2) D
ETERMINATION .—Not later than 90 days after receipt of an application under this section— ‘‘(A) if the Secretary verifies that the ap-plicant has met the application require-ments described in paragraph (1), the Sec-retary shall approve the application and issue a certification to the applicant with or without conditions on the proposed oper-ation of the space object pursuant to sub-section (c)(1)(A); or ‘‘(B) if the Secretary cannot verify that the applicant has met the application re-quirements described in paragraph (1) or if the Secretary determines it is necessary to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24AP7.018 H24APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3478 April 24, 2018 
deny the application pursuant to subsection (c)(1)(B), the Secretary— ‘‘(i) shall issue a denial of the application signed by the Secretary (a duty that may not be delegated, including to the Office of Space Commerce); and ‘‘(ii) shall, not later than 10 days after the decision to deny the certification— ‘‘(I) provide the applicant with a written notification containing a clearly articulated rationale for the denial that provides, to the maximum extent practicable, guidance to the applicant as to how such rationale for denial could be addressed in a subsequent ap-plication; and ‘‘(II) notify the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives of such rationale. ‘‘(3) A
UTOMATIC APPROVAL .—If the Sec-retary has not approved or denied the appli-cation before the deadline under paragraph (2), the certification shall be approved with-out condition. The Secretary may not allow tolling of the 90-day period under such para-graph. ‘‘(4) I
MPROPER BASIS FOR DENIAL .—The Sec- retary may not deny an application for a cer-tification under this section in order to pro-tect an existing certification holder from competition. ‘‘(5) S
UBSEQUENT REVIEW .—The Secretary may not prejudice a new application for the proposed operations denied pursuant to para-graph (2)(B) if such new application contains remedies addressing the rationale for such denial. ‘‘(c) C
OMPLIANCE WITH THE OUTER SPACE  T
REATY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary deter-mines, with clear and convincing evidence, that the proposed operation of a space object under an application for a certification under this chapter is a violation of an inter-national obligation of the United States per-taining to a nongovernmental entity of the United States under the Outer Space Trea-ty— ‘‘(A) the Secretary may condition the pro-posed operation covered by the certification only to the extent necessary to prevent a violation of such international obligation; or ‘‘(B) if the Secretary determines that there is no practicable way to condition such cer-tification to prevent such a violation, the Secretary may deny the application. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION FOR DETERMINATIONS .—A determination under paragraph (1) shall be limited as follows: ‘‘(A) The Federal Government shall inter-pret and fulfill its international obligations under the Outer Space Treaty in a manner that minimizes regulations and limitations on the freedom of United States nongovern-mental entities to explore and use space. ‘‘(B) The Federal Government shall inter-pret and fulfill its international obligations under the Outer Space Treaty in a manner that promotes free enterprise in outer space. ‘‘(C) The Federal Government shall not presume all obligations of the United States under the Outer Space Treaty are obliga-tions to be imputed upon United States non-governmental entities. ‘‘(D) Guidelines promulgated by the Com-mittee on Space Research may not be consid-ered international obligations of the United States. ‘‘(3) P
RESUMPTIONS .—In making a deter-mination under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall presume, absent clear and convincing evidence to the contrary, that— ‘‘(A) any attestation made by an applicant pursuant to subsection (a)(3) is sufficient to meet the international obligations of the United States pertaining to nongovern-mental entities of the United States under the Outer Space Treaty addressed by such attestation; and ‘‘(B) reasonably commercially available ef-forts are sufficient to be in conformity with the international obligations of the United States pertaining to nongovernmental enti-ties of the United States under the Outer Space Treaty. ‘‘(4) PROHIBITION ON RETROACTIVE CONDI -
TIONS .—No other modifications may be made, or additional conditions placed, on a certification after the date on which the cer-tification is issued (except to account for a material change as provided in section 80105(c) or the removal of a condition pursu-ant to subsection (d)). ‘‘(5) N
ONDELEGABLE .—The responsibilities of the Secretary under this subsection may not be delegated, including to the Office of Space Commerce. ‘‘(d) A
UTHORITY TOREMOVE CONDITIONS .— The Secretary, as determined appropriate, may remove a condition placed on a certifi-cation pursuant to subsection (c). ‘‘§ 80104. Mitigation of space debris ‘‘(a) P
LANSUBMISSION .—To be eligible for a certification under this chapter, each appli-cation shall include a space debris mitiga-tion plan for the space object. Such plan— ‘‘(1) shall take into account best practice guidelines promulgated by the United States and the Interagency Debris Coordinating Committee; and ‘‘(2) may take into account that a space object may end certified operations and be stored in a safe manner until such time as the space object is permanently disposed of or certified for further operations. ‘‘(b) I
MPLEMENTATION .—To the maximum extent practicable, a holder of a certification under this chapter shall notify the Secretary not later than 30 days before beginning to implement the disposal phase of a space de-bris mitigation plan described in subsection (a). Such certification holder shall, not later than 30 days after completing implementa-tion of such phase, update the Secretary of the results of any space debris mitigation ef-forts. ‘‘§ 80105. Continuing certification require-ments ‘‘(a) N
OTIFICATION REQUIREMENT .—A certifi- cation holder shall, in a timely manner, no-tify the Secretary if— ‘‘(1) a certified space object has terminated operations; or ‘‘(2) a catastrophic event has occurred to a certified space object, such as the unplanned destruction of a space object. ‘‘(b) M
ATERIAL CHANGE .—The Secretary shall require certification holders to inform the Secretary of— ‘‘(1) any material changes to the space ob-ject or the planned operations of the space object prior to launch; and ‘‘(2) any material anomalies or departures from the planned operations during the course of operations. ‘‘(c) U
PDATE TO CERTIFICATION .—Not later than 14 days after the date of receipt of in-formation regarding a material change pur-suant to subsection (b), the Secretary shall make a determination of whether such mate-rial change is substantial enough to warrant additional review under section 80103(b). Not later than 90 days after a determination that such review is warranted, the Secretary shall complete a similar such review process for such material change as is required for a cer-tification applicant under such section. ‘‘§ 80106. Certification transfer ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Subject to subsections (b) and (c), the Secretary shall provide for the transfer of a certification under this chapter from the certification holder to an-other United States entity to continue the operations allowed under such certification. ‘‘(b) TRANSFER REQUEST REQUIREMENTS .— To be eligible for a transfer under subsection (a), the certification holder shall submit to the Secretary a request that includes— ‘‘(1) any identifying information regarding the proposed transferee, including accom-panying supporting documents, that would be required under an initial application under section 80103; and ‘‘(2) each attestation required under sec-tion 80103(a)(3), including accompanying sup-porting documents, completed by the pro-posed transferee. ‘‘(c) D
ETERMINATION .—Not later than 90 days after a certification holder submits a request under subsection (b), the Secretary shall complete a similar review process for the request for transfer as required for a cer-tification applicant under section 80103(b). ‘‘§ 80107. Certification expiration and termi-nation ‘‘(a) C
ERTIFICATION EXPIRATION .—A certifi- cation issued under this chapter shall expire on the earlier of— ‘‘(1) the date on which all operations ap-proved under such certification cease, in-cluding carrying out a space debris mitiga-tion plan of any space object approved under such certification; ‘‘(2) the date on which all space objects ap-proved under the certification no longer exist; or ‘‘(3) the date that is 5 years after the date on which the certification was approved, if no operations approved under the certifi-cation have commenced by such date. ‘‘(b) C
ERTIFICATION TERMINATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall ter-minate a certification under this chapter if an applicant or certification holder is con-victed of a violation of section 1001 of title 18 related to the certification process under this chapter. ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBILITY .—A certification holder whose certification is terminated under this subsection shall be ineligible to apply for or receive a certification under this chapter. ‘‘(3) S
PACE DEBRIS MITIGATION PLAN .—Upon termination of a certification under para-graph (1), the Secretary may require the cer-tification holder to carry out the space de-bris mitigation plan submitted by the cer-tification holder under section 80104. ‘‘§ 80108. Existing license or pending applica-tion for launch or reentry ‘‘(a) C
ONTINUATION OF EXISTING LICENSE .— Any United States entity for whom a pay-load has been approved (and not subject to an exemption under section 80110) on or be-fore the effective date of this section for launch or reentry under section 50904 as part of a license issued under chapter 509 may— ‘‘(1) elect to be immediately considered certified for operation under this chapter on such effective date, in which case all terms and conditions applicable to the payload as approved for launch or reentry as part of a license issued under chapter 509 shall apply for the duration of the operation of the pay-load; or ‘‘(2) apply for a certification under this chapter for the operation of the licensed ac-tivities and may continue to operate pursu-ant to such license until such time as such certification is issued. ‘‘(b) R
ESCINDING OR TRANSFER OF PENDING  L
ICENSE .—A payload of a United States enti-ty that, on the effective date of this section, is pending approval under section 50904 as part of a launch or reentry license issued under chapter 509 may be, at the election of the applicant for payload approval— ‘‘(1) rescinded without prejudice; or ‘‘(2) transferred to the Office of Space Com-merce and deemed to be a pending applica-tion for certification under this chapter. ‘‘(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall take effect on the date that is 1 year after 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24AP7.018 H24APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3479 April 24, 2018 
the date of enactment of the American Space Commerce Free Enterprise Act. ‘‘§ 80109. Private Space Activity Advisory Committee ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall establish a Private Space Activity Advisory Committee (in this section referred to as the ‘Committee’) consisting of 15 members who shall be appointed by the Secretary. ‘‘(b) C
HAIR.—The Committee shall des-ignate one member as the chair of the Com-mittee. ‘‘(c) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) L
IMITATION .—Members of the Com-mittee may not be Federal Government em-ployees or officials. ‘‘(2) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .—Members of the Committee shall receive travel expenses, in-cluding per diem in lieu of subsistence, in ac-cordance with the applicable provisions under subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5. ‘‘(3) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—Members of the Committee shall include a variety of space policy, engineering, technical, science, legal, and finance professionals. Not less than 3 members shall have significant experience working in the commercial space industry. ‘‘(d) T
ERMS .—Each member of the Com-mittee shall serve for a term of 4 years and may not serve as a member for the 2-year pe-riod following the date of completion of each such term. ‘‘(e) D
UTIES .—The duties of the Committee shall be to— ‘‘(1) analyze the status and recent develop-ments of nongovernmental space activities; ‘‘(2) analyze the effectiveness and effi-ciency of the implementation of the certifi-cation process under this chapter; ‘‘(3) provide recommendations to the Sec-retary and Congress on how the United States can facilitate and promote a robust and innovative private sector that is invest-ing in, developing, and operating space ob-jects; ‘‘(4) identify any challenges the United States private sector is experiencing— ‘‘(A) with the authorization and super-vision of the operation of space objects under this chapter; ‘‘(B) more generally, with international ob-ligations of the United States relevant to private sector activities in outer space; ‘‘(C) with harmful interference to private sector activities in outer space; and ‘‘(D) with access to adequate, predictable, and reliable radio frequency spectrum; ‘‘(5) review existing best practices for United States entities to avoid the harmful contamination of the Moon and other celes-tial bodies; ‘‘(6) review existing best practices for United States entities to avoid adverse changes in the environment of the Earth re-sulting from the introduction of extra-terrestrial matter; ‘‘(7) provide information, advice, and rec-ommendations on matters relating to United States private sector activities in outer space; and ‘‘(8) provide information, advice, and rec-ommendations on matters related to the au-thority of the Secretary under this chapter or to private sector space activities author-ized pursuant to this chapter that the Com-mittee determines necessary. ‘‘(f) A
NNUAL REPORT .—The Committee shall submit to Congress, the President, and the Secretary an annual report that includes the information, analysis, findings, and rec-ommendations described in subsection (e). ‘‘(g) S
UNSET .—The Committee shall termi-nate on the date that is 10 years after the date on which the Committee is established. ‘‘§ 80110. Exemptions ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—A certification is not re-quired under this chapter for any of the fol-lowing operations: ‘‘(1) Space object activities authorized by another country that is a party to the Outer Space Treaty. ‘‘(2) Launch or reentry vehicle operations licensed by the Department of Transpor-tation under chapter 509. ‘‘(3) Space stations licensed by the Federal Communications Commission under the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 151 et seq.). ‘‘(b) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to exempt any entity from the requirement to obtain a permit to operate a space-based remote sens-ing system under chapter 802. ‘‘§ 80111. Protecting the interests of United States entity space objects ‘‘The President shall— ‘‘(1) protect the interests of United States entity exploration and use of outer space, in-cluding commercial activity and the exploi-tation of space resources, from acts of for-eign aggression and foreign harmful inter-ference; ‘‘(2) protect ownership rights of United States entity space objects and obtained space resources; and ‘‘(3) ensure that United States entities op-erating in outer space are given due re-gard.’’. 
SEC. 4. PERMITTING OF SPACE-BASED REMOTE SENSING SYSTEMS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) The commercial market for space-based remote sensing technologies and information has experienced significant growth since the passage of the Land Remote Sensing Policy Act of 1992. (2) It is in the interest of the United States to foster new and novel space-based remote sensing applications and services and to help facilitate their continued domestic growth. (3) Since the passage of the Land Remote Sensing Policy Act of 1992, the National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration’s Of-fice of Commercial Remote Sensing has ex-perienced a significant increase in applica-tions for private remote sensing space sys-tem licenses as authorized under section 60121 of title 51, United States Code. (4) Many of the applicants for commercial space-based remote sensing licenses have en-countered significant delays and unnecessary obstacles in the application process. (5) The current licensing paradigm must be updated as to not discourage the continued growth of the United States space-based re-mote sensing industry. It must be updated in a way that satisfies the needs of commercial remote sensing market as well as the na-tional security of the United States. (6) In order to protect United States lead-ership and commercial viability in remote sensing technologies, the Federal Govern-ment should not limit commercial entities from providing remote sensing capabilities or data products that are available or rea-sonably expected to be made available in the next 3 years in the international or domestic marketplace. (b) P
OLICY .—It is the policy of the United States that, to the maximum extent prac-ticable, the Federal Government shall take steps to protect the national security inter-ests of the United States that do not involve regulating or limiting the freedoms of United States nongovernmental entities to explore and use space. Federal Government agencies shall mitigate any threat to na-tional security posed by the exploration and use of outer space by United States citizens and entities, to the maximum extent prac-ticable, changing Federal Government ac-tivities and operations. (c) A
MENDMENT .—Title 51, United States Code, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 802—PERMITTING OF SPACE- BASED REMOTE SENSING SYSTEMS ‘‘Sec. ‘‘80201. Permitting authority. ‘‘80202. Application for permit. ‘‘80203. Continuing permitting requirements. ‘‘80204. Permit transfer. ‘‘80205. Agency activities. ‘‘80206. Annual reports. ‘‘80207. Advisory Committee on Commercial Remote Sensing. ‘‘80208. Continuation of existing license or pending application. ‘‘80209. Commercial Remote Sensing Regu-latory Affairs Office. ‘‘§ 80201. Permitting authority ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the American Space Commerce Free Enterprise Act, the Secretary is authorized to permit persons to operate space-based remote sensing systems. ‘‘(b) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary shall, as the Secretary considers necessary, consult with the heads of other relevant agencies in carrying out the requirements of this chap-ter, pursuant to section 80310. ‘‘(c) L
IMITATION WITHRESPECT TO SYSTEM  U
SED FOR OTHER PURPOSES .—In the case of a space object that is used for remote sensing and other purposes, the authority of the Sec-retary under this chapter shall be limited to the remote sensing operations of such space object. ‘‘(d) D
EMINIMIS EXCEPTION .— ‘‘(1) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive the requirement for a permit for a space- based remote sensing system that the Sec-retary determines is— ‘‘(A) ancillary to the primary design pur-pose of the space object; or ‘‘(B) too trivial to require a determination under section 80202(c) relating to national se-curity. ‘‘(2) G
UIDANCE .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Secretary shall issue guidance providing a clear explanation of the criteria used by the Secretary to grant a de minimis waiver under paragraph (1)(B) for a space-based re-mote sensing system that is too trivial to re-quire a determination under section 80202(c). ‘‘(e) C
OVERAGE OF PERMIT .—The Secretary shall, to the maximum extent practicable, ensure that only one permit is required under this chapter to— ‘‘(1) conduct multiple operations carried out using a space-based remote sensing sys-tem; ‘‘(2) operate multiple space-based remote sensing systems that carry out substantially similar operations; or ‘‘(3) use multiple space-based remote sens-ing systems to carry out a single remote sensing operation. ‘‘(f) P
ROHIBITION ON OPERATION .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the American Space Commerce Free Enter-prise Act, no person may, directly or through any subsidiary or affiliate, operate any space-based remote sensing system with-out a permit issued under this chapter. ‘‘(g) R
ESPONSIBLE PARTY .—In any case in which the applicant for a permit under this chapter is not a United States entity, the ap-plicant shall identify a United States entity that consents to be responsible for the per-mitted operation of the space-based remote sensing system. ‘‘(h) O
PERATION OF SPACE -BASED REMOTE  S
ENSING SYSTEM .—For purposes of this chap-ter, the operation of a space-based remote sensing system— ‘‘(1) begins when the system— ‘‘(A) is located in outer space; and ‘‘(B) can meet the minimum threshold and objective capabilities for the system’s stated need; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24AP7.018 H24APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3480 April 24, 2018 
‘‘(2) shall not cover the acts of distribu-tion, sale, or transfer of data, information, or services to persons, foreign or domestic, including any such acts taken pursuant to an agreement with such persons. ‘‘§ 80202. Application for permit ‘‘(a) A
PPLICATION PROCESS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—To receive a permit to operate a space-based remote sensing system under this chapter, a person shall submit an application to the Secretary as provided in paragraph (2). Such application shall in-clude, for each required item, sufficient evi-dence to demonstrate each fact or assertion. ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—An application described in paragraph (1) shall include only the fol-lowing information, with respect to each space-based remote sensing system and the operations proposed to be permitted: ‘‘(A) The name, address, and contact infor-mation of one or more United States entity identified by the applicant, pursuant to sec-tion 80201(g), as responsible for the operation of the space-based remote sensing system. ‘‘(B) If available at the time of submission of the application, the planned date and loca-tion of the launch of the applicable space ob-ject, including the identity of the launch provider. ‘‘(C) The general physical form and com-position of the space-based remote sensing system. ‘‘(D) A description of the proposed oper-ations of the space-based remote sensing sys-tem that includes— ‘‘(i) when and where the space-based re-mote sensing system will operate; ‘‘(ii) when and where the operation of the space-based remote sensing system will ter-minate; and ‘‘(iii) any additional information necessary to make a determination under subsection (c) regarding a significant threat to national security, as prescribed in advance in regula-tion by the Secretary. ‘‘(E) A description of how the space-based remote sensing system will be operated and disposed of in a manner to mitigate the gen-eration of space debris. ‘‘(F) Information about third-party liabil-ity insurance obtained, if any, by the appli-cant for operations of the space-based re-mote sensing system, including the amount and coverage of such liability insurance. ‘‘(b) R
EVIEW OF APPLICATION .— ‘‘(1) V
ERIFICATIONS .—Not later than 90 days after receipt of an application under this sec-tion, the Secretary shall verify that— ‘‘(A) the application is complete pursuant to subsection (a); and ‘‘(B) the application does not contain any clear indication of fraud or falsification. ‘‘(2) D
ETERMINATION .—Not later than 90 days after receipt of an application under this section— ‘‘(A) if the Secretary verifies that the ap-plicant has met the application require-ments described in paragraph (1), the Sec-retary shall approve the application and issue a permit to the applicant with or with-out conditions on the proposed operation of the space-based remote sensing system pur-suant to subsection (c)(1)(A); or ‘‘(B) if the Secretary cannot verify that the applicant has met the application re-quirements described in paragraph (1) or if the Secretary makes a determination to deny the application under subsection (c)(1)(B), the Secretary— ‘‘(i) shall issue a denial of the application signed by the Secretary (a duty that may not be delegated, including to the Office of Space Commerce); and ‘‘(ii) shall, not later than 10 days after the decision to deny the application— ‘‘(I) provide the applicant with a written notification containing a clearly articulated rationale for the denial that, to the max-imum extent practicable— ‘‘(aa) provides guidance to the applicant as to how the articulated rationale for denial could be addressed in a subsequent applica-tion; and ‘‘(bb) includes all classified information in-cluded in such rationale for which the appli-cant has the required security clearance; and ‘‘(II) submit a notification of the denial to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate that— ‘‘(aa) contains the clearly articulated ra-tionale for the denial; and ‘‘(bb) in the case of a denial pursuant to a national security determination under sub-section (c)— ‘‘(AA) includes an explanation of how, and clear and convincing evidence that, to the maximum extent practicable, the Federal Government took steps to mitigate a signifi-cant threat to the national security of the United States posed by the operation of the applicant’s space-based remote sensing sys-tem by changing Federal Government activi-ties and operations; and ‘‘(BB) may contain classified information. ‘‘(3) AUTOMATIC APPROVAL .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary has not approved or denied the application before the deadline under paragraph (2), the application shall be approved without condition. The Secretary may not allow tolling of the 90- day period under such paragraph. ‘‘(4) D
ELAY OF AUTOMATIC APPROVAL .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The President is per-mitted to extend the 90-day period under paragraph (2) once for each application for an additional 60 days to further evaluate the national security implications of the appli-cation only if the President notifies the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate of the need, with clear and convincing evidence, to ex-tend the review period. Such notification shall include— ‘‘(i) details on the efforts taken to review the application during the 90-day period, in-cluding staff time, studies produced, and in-terim conclusions; and ‘‘(ii) a plan for assuring a final decision within the additional 60 days. ‘‘(B) N
ONDELEGABLE .—The responsibilities of the President under this paragraph may not be delegated ‘‘(5) I
MPROPER BASIS FOR DENIAL .—The Sec- retary may not deny an application for a permit under this section in order to protect an existing permit holder from competition. ‘‘(6) S
UBSEQUENT REVIEW .—The Secretary may not prejudice a new application for the proposed operations denied pursuant to para-graph (2)(B) if such new application contains remedies addressing the rationale for such denial. ‘‘(c) A
DDRESSING NATIONAL SECURITY  T
HREAT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary deter-mines, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense and with clear and convincing evi-dence, that the proposed operation of a space-based remote sensing system under an application for a permit under this chapter poses a significant threat to the national se-curity of the United States as provided in paragraph (2)— ‘‘(A) the Secretary may condition the pro-posed operation covered by the permit only to the extent necessary to address such threat; or ‘‘(B) if the Secretary determines that there is no practicable way to condition such per-mit to address such threat, the Secretary may deny the application. ‘‘(2) SIGNIFICANT THREAT TO NATIONAL SECU -
RITY.—For purposes of a determination under paragraph (1), a significant threat to the na-tional security of the United States is a threat— ‘‘(A) that is imminent; and ‘‘(B) that cannot practicably be mitigated through changes to Federal Government ac-tivities or operations. ‘‘(3) R
EASONABLY COMMERCIALLY AVAILABLE  
EFFORTS .—To the maximum extent prac-ticable, the Secretary shall only place a con-dition on a permit that is achievable using reasonably commercially available efforts. ‘‘(4) N
OTIFICATION .—Not later than 10 days after the decision to condition the proposed operation covered by a permit pursuant to this subsection, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) provide the applicant with a written notification containing a clearly articulated rationale for the condition that, to the max-imum extent practicable— ‘‘(i) provides guidance to the applicant as to how the articulated rationale for condi-tion could be addressed in a subsequent ap-plication; and ‘‘(ii) includes all necessary classified infor-mation included in such rationale for which the applicant has the required security clear-ance; and ‘‘(B) submit a notification of the condition to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology of the House of Representatives that— ‘‘(i) contains the clearly articulated ra-tionale for the condition; ‘‘(ii) includes an explanation of how, and clear and convincing evidence that, to the maximum extent practicable, the Federal Government took steps to mitigate a signifi-cant threat to the national security of the United States posed by the operation of the applicant’s space-based remote sensing sys-tem by changing Federal Government activi-ties and operations; and ‘‘(iii) may contain classified information. ‘‘(5) P
ROHIBITION ON RETROACTIVE CONDI -
TIONS .—No other modifications may be made, or additional conditions placed, on a permit after the date on which the permit is issued except to account for a material change as provided in section 80203(c). ‘‘(6) N
ONDELEGABLE .—The responsibilities of the Secretary under this subsection may not be delegated, including to the Office of Space Commerce. ‘‘(d) L
IMITATIONS ON CONDITIONS .— ‘‘(1) S
AME OR SIMILAR CAPABILITY .—No operational condition under subsection (c) may be placed on a space-based remote sens-ing system that has the same or substan-tially similar space-based remote sensing ca-pabilities as another system permitted under this chapter with no such condition. ‘‘(2) C
ONDITIONS THAT EXCEED PERMITTED  
CONDITIONS .—The Secretary may not place a condition on a permit for a space-based re-mote sensing system that exceeds a condi-tion placed on an existing permitted system that has the same or substantially similar capabilities. ‘‘(3) S
COPE.—With respect to a condition placed on a permit for a space-based remote sensing system because of a national secu-rity concern, the Secretary may only place such a condition for the smallest area and for the shortest period necessary to protect the national security concern at issue. ‘‘(e) C
OMMERCIALLY AVAILABLE CAPA-
BILITY .— ‘‘(1) E
XCEPTION .—The Secretary may not deny an application for, or place a condition on, a permit for the operation of a space- based remote sensing system for which the same or substantially similar capabilities, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24AP7.018 H24APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3481 April 24, 2018 
derived data, products, or services are al-ready commercially available or reasonably expected to be made available in the next 3 years in the international or domestic mar-ketplace. The exception in the previous sen-tence applies regardless of whether the mar-ketplace products and services originate from the operation of aircraft, unmanned aircraft, or other platforms or technical means or are assimilated from a variety of data sources. ‘‘(2) C
LEAR AND CONVINCING EVIDENCE .— Each denial of an application for, and each condition placed on, a permit for the oper-ation of a space-based remote sensing sys-tem, shall include an explanation of, and clear and convincing evidence that, the ex-ception under paragraph (1) does not apply with respect to the proposed permitted oper-ations of such system. ‘‘(3) D
ATABASE .—The President shall— ‘‘(A) maintain a database of commercially available capabilities described in paragraph (1); ‘‘(B) update such database not less than once every 3 months; and ‘‘(C) submit to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Rep-resentatives a report containing the con-tents of the database upon each update re-quired under subparagraph (B). ‘‘(4) A
PPLICANT SUBMISSIONS .—An applicant for, or holder of, a permit for the operation of a space-based remote sensing system may submit to the Secretary evidence of, or infor-mation regarding, a commercially available capability described in paragraph (1) for con-sideration for inclusion in the database. ‘‘(5) N
ONAPPLICATION OF CONDITION .—In any case in which the Secretary determines that the exception under paragraph (1) applies with respect to a permit for the operation of a space-based remote sensing system for which the Secretary has placed a condition under subsection (c), such condition shall no longer apply with respect to such permitted operations. ‘‘(f) A
UTHORITY TOREMOVE CONDITIONS .— Nothing in this section shall be construed to prohibit the Secretary from removing a con-dition placed on a permit pursuant to sub-section (c). ‘‘§ 80203. Continuing permitting requirements ‘‘(a) N
OTIFICATION REQUIREMENT .—A permit holder shall, in a timely manner, notify the Secretary if— ‘‘(1) a permitted space-based remote sens-ing system has terminated operations; or ‘‘(2) a catastrophic event has occurred to a space-based remote sensing system, such as the unplanned destruction of such system. ‘‘(b) M
ATERIAL CHANGE .—The Secretary shall require permit holders to inform the Secretary of— ‘‘(1) any material changes to the space- based remote sensing system or the planned operations of such system prior to launch; and ‘‘(2) any material anomalies or departures from the planned operations during the course of operations. ‘‘(c) U
PDATE TO PERMIT .—Not later than 14 days after the date of receipt of information regarding a material change pursuant to sub-section (b), the Secretary shall make a de-termination of whether such material change is substantial enough to warrant ad-ditional review under section 80202(b). Not later than 90 days after a determination that such review is warranted, the Secretary shall complete a similar such review process for such material change as is required for a per-mit applicant under such section. ‘‘§ 80204. Permit transfer ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Subject to subsections (b) and (c), the Secretary shall provide for the transfer of a permit under this chapter from the permit holder to another person to continue the operations allowed under such permit. ‘‘(b) TRANSFER REQUEST REQUIREMENTS .— To be eligible for a transfer under subsection (a), the permit holder shall submit to the Secretary a request that includes any identi-fying information regarding the transferee that would be required under an initial appli-cation under section 80202. ‘‘(c) D
ETERMINATION .—Not later than 14 days after the date on which the Secretary receives a transfer request pursuant to sub-section (b), the Secretary shall make a de-termination of whether such material change is substantial enough to warrant ad-ditional review under section 80202(b). Not later than 90 days after a determination that such review is warranted, the Secretary shall complete a similar such review process for such transferee as is required for a permit applicant under such section. ‘‘(d) M
ATERIAL CHANGE .—Any transfer of a permit under this chapter constitutes a ma-terial change under section 80203(b). ‘‘§ 80205. Agency activities ‘‘(a) U
TILIZATION OF FEDERAL GOVERNMENT  V
EHICLE .—A person may apply for a permit to operate a space-based remote sensing sys-tem that utilizes, on a space-available basis, a civilian Federal Government satellite or vehicle as a platform for such system. The Secretary, pursuant to this chapter, may permit such system if it meets all conditions of this chapter. ‘‘(b) A
SSISTANCE .—The Secretary may offer assistance to persons in finding appropriate opportunities for the utilization described in subsection (a). ‘‘(c) A
GREEMENTS .—To the extent provided in advance by appropriation Acts, an agency may enter into an agreement for the utiliza-tion described in subsection (a) if such agree-ment is consistent with the agency’s mission and statutory authority, and if the space- based remote sensing system is issued a per-mit by the Secretary under this chapter be-fore commencing operation. ‘‘§ 80206. Annual reports ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall sub-mit a report to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Rep-resentatives not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the American Space Commerce Free Enterprise Act, and annually thereafter, on— ‘‘(1) the Secretary’s implementation of this chapter, including— ‘‘(A) a list of all applications received in the previous calendar year; ‘‘(B) a list of all applications that resulted in a permit; ‘‘(C) a list of all applications denied and an explanation of why each application was de-nied, including any information relevant to the adjudication process of a request for a permit; ‘‘(D) a list of all applications that required additional information; and ‘‘(E) a list of all applications whose dis-position exceeded the 90-day deadline, the total days overdue for each application that exceeded such deadline, and an explanation for the delay; and ‘‘(2) a description of all actions taken by the Secretary under the administrative au-thority granted by section 80301. ‘‘(b) C
LASSIFIED ANNEXES .—Each report under subsection (a) may include classified annexes as necessary to protect the disclo-sure of sensitive or classified information. ‘‘§ 80207. Advisory Committee on Commercial Remote Sensing ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall establish an Advisory Committee on Com-mercial Remote Sensing (in this section re-ferred to as the ‘Committee’) consisting of 15 members who shall be appointed by the Sec-retary. ‘‘(b) CHAIR.—The Committee shall des-ignate one member as the chair of the Com-mittee. ‘‘(c) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) L
IMITATION .—Members of the Com-mittee may not be Federal Government em-ployees or officials. ‘‘(2) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .—Members of the Committee shall receive travel expenses, in-cluding per diem in lieu of subsistence, in ac-cordance with the applicable provisions under subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5. ‘‘(d) T
ERMS .—Each member of the Com-mittee shall serve for a term of 4 years and may not serve as a member for the 2-year pe-riod following the date of completion of each such term. ‘‘(e) D
UTIES .—The duties of the Committee shall be to— ‘‘(1) provide information, advice, and rec-ommendations on matters relating to the United States commercial space-based re-mote sensing industry; ‘‘(2) analyze the effectiveness and effi-ciency of the implementation of the space- based remote sensing system permitting process under this chapter; ‘‘(3) provide recommendations to the Sec-retary and Congress on how the United States can facilitate and promote a robust and innovate private sector that is investing in, developing, and operating space-based re-mote sensing systems; ‘‘(4) identify any challenges the United States private sector is experiencing with the authorization and supervision of the op-eration of space-based remote sensing sys-tems under this chapter; and ‘‘(5) provide information, advice, and rec-ommendations on matters related to the au-thority of the Secretary under this chapter or to private sector space activities author-ized pursuant to this chapter that the Com-mittee determines necessary. ‘‘(f) A
NNUAL REPORT .—The Committee shall submit to Congress, the President, the Secretary, and the Director of the Office of Space Commerce, an annual report that in-cludes the information, analysis, findings, and recommendations described in sub-section (e). ‘‘(g) S
UNSET .—The Committee shall termi-nate on the date that is 10 years after the date on which the Committee is established. ‘‘§ 80208. Continuation of existing license or pending application ‘‘(a) C
ONTINUATION OF EXISTING LICENSE .— Any United States entity for whom a license for the operation of a space-based remote sensing system issued under subchapter III of chapter 601 that is valid on the effective date of this section may— ‘‘(1) elect to be immediately considered permitted for operation under this chapter, in which case all terms and conditions of a license issued under such subchapter with re-spect to the operation of such system shall apply for the duration of the license; or ‘‘(2) apply for a permit for operation under this chapter and may continue to operate pursuant to such license until such time as such permit is issued. ‘‘(b) R
ESCIND OR TRANSFER OF PENDING LI-
CENSE .—An applicant with an application for a remote sensing license under subchapter III of chapter 601 that is pending on the ef-fective date of this section may be, at the election of the applicant— ‘‘(1) rescinded without prejudice; or ‘‘(2) transferred to the Office of Space Com-merce and deemed to be a pending applica-tion for a permit under this chapter. ‘‘(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall take effect on the date that is 1 year after 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24AP7.018 H24APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3482 April 24, 2018 
the date of enactment of the American Space Commerce Free Enterprise Act. ‘‘§ 80209. Commercial Remote Sensing Regu-latory Affairs Office ‘‘On the date that is 1 year after the date of enactment of the American Space Com-merce Free Enterprise Act, the Commercial Remote Sensing Regulatory Affairs Office of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration is abolished.’’. 
SEC. 5. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS RELATED TO CERTIFICATION AND PERMIT-TING. 
Title 51, United States Code, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 803—ADMINISTRATIVE PROVI-SIONS RELATED TO CERTIFICATION AND PERMITTING ‘‘Sec. ‘‘80301. Administrative authority. ‘‘80302. Consultation. ‘‘80303. Appeal of denial or condition of cer-tification or permit. ‘‘80304. Limitation on certain agency super-vision. ‘‘80305. Commercial exploration and use of outer space. ‘‘80306. Rule of construction on concurrent application submission. ‘‘80307. Federal jurisdiction. ‘‘80308. Global commons. ‘‘80309. Regulatory authority. ‘‘80310. Consultation with relevant agencies. ‘‘80311. Authorization of appropriations. ‘‘§ 80301. Administrative authority ‘‘(a) F
UNCTIONS .—In order to carry out the responsibilities specified in this subtitle, the Secretary may— ‘‘(1) seek an order of injunction or similar judicial determination from a district court of the United States with personal jurisdic-tion over the certification or permit holder to terminate certifications or permits under this subtitle and to terminate certified or permitted operations on an immediate basis, if the Secretary determines that the certifi-cation or permit holder has substantially failed to comply with any provisions of this subtitle, or with any terms of a certification or permit; ‘‘(2) provide for civil penalties not to ex-ceed $10,000 (each day of operation consti-tuting a separate violation) and not to ex-ceed $500,000 in total, for— ‘‘(A) noncompliance with the certification or permitting requirements or regulations issued under this subtitle; or ‘‘(B) the operation of a space object or space-based remote sensing system without the applicable certification or permit issued under this subtitle; ‘‘(3) compromise, modify, or remit any such civil penalty; ‘‘(4) seize any object, record, or report, or copies of materials, documents, or records, pursuant to a warrant from a magistrate based on a showing of probable cause to be-lieve that such object, record, or report was used, is being used, or is likely to be used in violation of this subtitle or the requirements of a certification or permit or regulation issued thereunder; and ‘‘(5) make investigations and inquiries con-cerning any matter relating to the enforce-ment of this subtitle. ‘‘(b) R
EVIEW OF AGENCY ACTION .—Any hold-er of, or applicant for, a certification or a permit who makes a timely request for re-view of an adverse action pursuant to para-graph (2) or (4) of subsection (a) shall be enti-tled to adjudication by the Secretary on the record after an opportunity for any agency hearing with respect to such adverse action. Any final action by the Secretary under this subsection shall be subject to judicial review under chapter 7 of title 5, as provided in sec-tion 80303 of this chapter. ‘‘(c) NOCOST FOR CERTIFICATION OR PER-
MIT.—The Secretary may not impose a fee or other cost on a holder of, or applicant for— ‘‘(1) a certification under chapter 801; or ‘‘(2) a permit under chapter 802. ‘‘(d) N
OAUTHORITY TOSETCONDITIONS .— The Secretary may not impose a substantive condition on, or any other requirement for, the issuance of a certification or permit ex-cept as specifically provided in this subtitle. ‘‘(e) FOIA E
XEMPTION .—Paragraph (3) of section 552(b) of title 5 shall apply with re-spect to any filing relating to a certification or a permit under this subtitle. ‘‘(f) L
IMITATION ON EXCEPTIONS TO ADMINIS -
TRATIVE PROCEDURES .—The exceptions under section 553(a)(1), section 553(b)(B), or section 554(a)(4) of title 5 shall not apply with re-spect to a certification or permit under this subtitle. ‘‘§ 80302. Consultation ‘‘(a) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of the Congress that— ‘‘(1) the United States Government has as-sets in Earth orbit critical to national secu-rity, scientific research, economic growth, and exploration; ‘‘(2) such assets represent a considerable investment of United States taxpayers; and ‘‘(3) it is in the national interest of the United States to facilitate opportunities to provide for the protection of such assets. ‘‘(b) R
EVIEW .—Not later than 30 days after the Secretary issues a certification under chapter 801, the Secretary shall review the operations of any space objects covered by the certification to determine whether the interaction between such operations and the operations of a Federal Government space object present a substantial risk to the phys-ical safety of a space object operated by ei-ther party. ‘‘(c) R
EQUIREMENT TOPARTICIPATE IN CON-
SULTATION .—If the Secretary makes a deter-mination that a substantial risk identified under subsection (b) exists, the Secretary may require that the certification holder participate in a consultation under this sec-tion. ‘‘(d) P
ARTIES TO A CONSULTATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A consultation under this section may be held, with respect to a substantial safety risk identified under sub-section (b), between— ‘‘(A) a certification holder responsible for the certified space object operations; and ‘‘(B) any entity of the Federal Government operating a potentially affected space object. ‘‘(2) P
ARTICIPATION .—The Secretary may not impose any requirement on a party pur-suant to participation in the consultation. ‘‘(e) M
ITIGATION OF SAFETY RISK.—In car- rying out a consultation, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) facilitate a discussion among the par-ties to the consultation; ‘‘(2) encourage a mutual understanding of the safety risk; and ‘‘(3) encourage, to the maximum extent practicable, voluntary agreements between the parties to the consultation to improve the physical safety of affected space object operations or mitigate the physical safety risk. ‘‘(f) D
URATION OF CONSULTATION ; NOTICE .— Not later than 90 days after the Secretary re-quires a consultation under this section, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) complete all activities related to the consultation; and ‘‘(2) submit to Congress a written notifica-tion with respect to such consultation, that includes— ‘‘(A) the names of each party to the con-sultation; ‘‘(B) a description of the physical safety risk at issue; ‘‘(C) whether any voluntary agreement was made by the parties; and ‘‘(D) the content of any such agreement. ‘‘(g) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to grant any additional authority to the Secretary to reg-ulate, or place conditions on, any activity for which a certification or permit is re-quired under this subtitle. ‘‘§ 80303. Appeal of denial or condition of cer-tification or permit ‘‘An applicant who is denied a certification under section 80103(b)(2)(B), an applicant who is denied a permit under section 80202(b)(2)(B), or an applicant whose certifi-cation or permit is conditioned pursuant to section 80103(c) or section 80202(c), respec-tively, may appeal the denial or placement of a condition to the Secretary. The Sec-retary shall affirm or reverse the denial or placement of a condition after providing the applicant notice and an opportunity to be heard. The Secretary shall dispose of the ap-peal not later than 60 days after the appeal is submitted. If the Secretary denies the ap-peal, the applicant may seek review in the United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-trict of Columbia Circuit or in the court of appeals of the United States for the circuit in which the person resides or has its prin-cipal place of business. ‘‘§ 80304. Limitation on certain agency super-vision ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the American Space Commerce Free Enterprise Act, no other agency shall have the authority to au-thorize, place conditions on, or supervise the operation of space objects required to be cer-tified under chapter 801 or space-based re-mote sensing systems required to be per-mitted under chapter 802 except— ‘‘(1) the Department of Transportation with respect to launch or reentry vehicle op-erations licensed under chapter 509; and ‘‘(2) the Federal Communications Commis-sion with respect to space stations licensed under the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 151 et seq.). ‘‘(b) A
GREEMENT LIMITATIONS .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to prevent an agency from including additional terms, con-ditions, limitations, or requirements, con-sistent with applicable provisions of law, be-yond those required in this subtitle in a con-tract or other agreement with— ‘‘(1) the holder of a certification under chapter 801 for the operation of the applica-ble space object; or ‘‘(2) the holder of a permit under chapter 802 for the operation of the applicable space- based remote sensing system. ‘‘§ 80305. Commercial exploration and use of outer space ‘‘To the maximum extent practicable, the President, acting through appropriate Fed-eral agencies, shall interpret and fulfill international obligations, including under the covered treaties on outer space, to mini-mize regulations and limitations on the free-dom of United States nongovernmental enti-ties to explore and use space. ‘‘§ 80306. Rule of construction on concurrent application submission ‘‘Nothing in this subtitle shall be con-strued to prevent an applicant from submit-ting to the Secretary concurrent applica-tions for a certification under chapter 801 and a permit under chapter 802. The Sec-retary shall provide for applications under chapter 801 and chapter 802 to be filed con-currently or at different times, at the discre-tion of the applicant. To the maximum ex-tent practicable, the Secretary shall avoid duplication of information required in con-currently filed applications. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24AP7.018 H24APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3483 April 24, 2018 
‘‘§ 80307. Federal jurisdiction ‘‘The district courts shall have original ju-risdiction, exclusive of the courts of the States, of any civil action resulting from the operation of a space object for which a cer-tification or permit is required under this subtitle. ‘‘§ 80308. Global commons ‘‘Notwithstanding any other provision of law, outer space shall not be considered a global commons. ‘‘§ 80309. Regulatory authority ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall issue such regulations as are necessary to carry out this subtitle. ‘‘(b) R
EDUCING REGULATORY BURDEN .—In issuing regulations to carry out this sub-title, the Secretary shall avoid, to the max-imum extent practicable, the placement of inconsistent, duplicative, or otherwise bur-densome requirements on the operations of United States nongovernmental entities in outer space. ‘‘(c) A
DMINISTRATIVE PROCEDURES ACT.—All activities carried out pursuant to this sec-tion shall comply with the requirements of chapter 5 of title 5. ‘‘§ 80310. Consultation with relevant agencies ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), the Secretary shall, as the Secretary considers necessary, consult with the heads of other relevant agencies in carrying out this subtitle. ‘‘(b) E
XCLUSIVE AUTHORITY OF THE SEC-
RETARY .—The consultation authority pro-vided by subsection (a) shall not be inter-preted to alter the exclusive authority of the Secretary to authorize, place conditions on, and supervise the operation of space objects under chapter 801 and space-based remote sensing systems under chapter 802, as pro-vided in, and subject to, the limitations of section 80304. ‘‘§ 80311. Authorization of appropriations ‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated $5,000,000 to the Office of Space Commerce for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019 to carry out this subtitle.’’. 
SEC. 6. TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND-MENTS. 
(a) T ABLE OF CHAPTERS .—The table of chapters of title 51, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Subtitle VIII—Authorization and Super-vision of Nongovernmental Space Activities ‘‘801. Certification to Operate Space Objects.........................................80101 ‘‘802. Permitting of Space-Based Re-mote Sensing Systems........................................80201 ‘‘803. Administrative Provisions Re-lated to Certification and Permit-ting.............................................. 80301’’. (b) R
EPEALS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Title 51, United States Code, is amended as follows: (A) Subchapter III of chapter 601 is re-pealed. (B) Section 60147 is repealed. (C) The table of sections for chapter 601 is amended by striking the item relating to section 60147. (D) The table of sections for chapter 601 is amended by striking the items relating to subchapter III. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by paragraph (1) shall take effect on the date that is 1 year after the date of en-actment of this Act. (c) T
ECHNICAL CORRECTIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Title 51, United States Code, is amended— (A) in section 20302(c)(2), by striking ‘‘means has the meaning’’ and inserting ‘‘has the meaning’’; (B) in section 50702(c)(5), by striking ‘‘Space-Based Position’’ and inserting ‘‘Space-Based Positioning’’; and (C) in section 71102(1), by striking ‘‘track-ing device’’ and inserting ‘‘tracking device to’’. (2) CHAPTER 513 .—The table of chapters of title 51, United States Code, is amended by striking the item related to chapter 513 and inserting the following: ‘‘513. Space Resource Commercial Ex-ploration and Utilization.............51301’’. (3) C
HAPTER 701 .—The table of chapters of title 51, United States Code, is amended by striking the item related to chapter 701 and inserting the following: ‘‘701. Use of Space Launch System or Alternatives.................................70101’’. 
SEC. 7. OFFICE OF SPACE COMMERCE. 
Section 50702 of title 51, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by adding at the end before the period ‘‘, which shall be located in the principal physical location of the Office of the Secretary of Commerce’’; (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘a senior executive and shall be compensated at a level in the Senior Executive Service under section 5382 of title 5 as determined by the Secretary of Commerce’’ and inserting ‘‘ap-pointed by the President and confirmed by the Senate. The Director shall be the Assist-ant Secretary of Commerce for Space Com-merce and shall report directly to the Sec-retary of Commerce’’; and (3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (5), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) to authorize and supervise the oper-ations of United States nongovernmental en-tities in outer space, pursuant to chapter 801 of this title; ‘‘(7) to authorize and supervise the oper-ations of space-based remote sensing systems pursuant to chapter 802 of this title; and ‘‘(8) to facilitate and promote the develop-ment of best practices among operators of space objects and space-based remote sensing systems under this subtitle to address sub-stantial risks to the physical safety of Fed-eral Government space objects, including the risk of on-orbit collisions.’’. 
SEC. 8. RESTRICTION ON PREVENTING LAUNCHES AND REENTRIES OF CER-TIFIED SPACE OBJECTS. 
Section 50904(c) of title 51, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘No launch or reentry may be pre-vented under this authority on the basis of national security, foreign policy, or inter-national obligations of the United States, in-cluding under the covered treaties on outer space (as defined in section 80101) if the pay-load has received a certification to operate as a space object under chapter 801.’’. 
SEC. 9. REPORT ON REGISTRATION OF SPACE OB-JECTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce, acting through the Office of Space Commerce and in consulta-tion with the Private Space Activity Advi-sory Committee established under section 80109 of title 51, United States Code, shall submit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the implementation of the space object registration obligations of the United States and other countries under Article VIII of the Outer Space Treaty and the Con-vention on Registration of Space Objects. (b) C
ONTENTS OF REPORT .—The report re-quired under subsection (a) shall include— (1) an identification of the practices and procedures among countries that are mem-bers of the Outer Space Treaty and the Con-vention on Registration of Space Objects in implementing and complying with the reg-istration obligations contained in the trea-ties; (2) a description of any existing practices and procedures of the Federal Government for the registration of nongovernmental space objects; and (3) recommendations on how the registra-tion of space objects in the United States could be improved to benefit the United States, including enabling United States leadership in commercial space activities. SEC. 10. COMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States shall submit to Congress a report on removing the Office of Commercial Space Transportation from under the jurisdiction of the Federal Avia-tion Administration and reestablishing the Office under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of Transportation. Such report shall in-clude— (1) the identification of key practices for successful organizational transitions; (2) the advantages and disadvantages of the removal and reestablishment with respect to the ability of the Office to continue to co-ordinate and communicate with Federal Aviation Administration on airspace issues; and (3) the identification of any issues that are preventing the Office from fully carrying out its statutory mandate, and if such issues would persist regardless of organizational lo-cation of the Office within the Department of Transportation. 
SEC. 11. RADIOFREQUENCY MAPPING REPORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense and the Director of National Intelligence, shall complete and submit to the Advisory Committee on Com-mercial Remote Sensing a report on space- based radiofrequency mapping. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) whether there is a need to regulate space-based radiofrequency mapping; (2) any immitigable impacts of space-based radiofrequency mapping on national secu-rity, U.S. competitiveness and space leader-ship, and constitutional freedoms; and (3) findings, conclusions, and recommenda-tions regarding the costs and benefits of ad-ditional regulatory authority over space- based radiofrequency mapping; and (4) an evaluation of— (A) whether the development of voluntary consensus industry standards in coordina-tion with the Department of Defense is more appropriate than issuing regulations with re-spect to space-based radiofrequency map-ping; and (B) how existing authorities, regulations, and laws could be applied in a manner that prevents the need for additional regulation of such mapping. (c) A
DVISORY COMMITTEE ON COMMERCIAL  R
EMOTE SENSING REVIEW .—Not later than 90 days after the date of receipt of the report required under subsection (a), the Advisory Committee on Commercial Remote Sensing shall submit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate the report submitted under sub-section (a) and the opinion of the Advisory Committee with respect to such report, in-cluding any critiques, concerns, rec-ommendations, and endorsements. Such 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24AP7.018 H24APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3484 April 24, 2018 
opinion shall be submitted directly from the Chair of the Advisory Committee to those Committees of Congress without any review or change by the Administration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH) and the gentleman from California (Mr. B
ERA) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 2809, the bill now under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, today, we give space ex-ploration a booster rocket in the form of H.R. 2809, the bipartisan American Space Commerce Free Enterprise Act. The commercial space industry is poised to begin a major new vehicle for discoveries in space and national eco-nomic growth. It represents hundreds of billions of dollars in investments and the creation of thousands of jobs across the United States. For years, there has been uncer-tainty about which Federal agency has responsibility for approving nontradi-tional space activities and ensuring conformity with the Outer Space Trea-ty. This uncertainty has cramped cap-ital formation and innovation and has driven American companies overseas. The American Space Commerce Free Enterprise Act remedies this situation by establishing a new, novel, legal, and policy framework that unleashes American free enterprise and busi-nesses, assures conformity with Outer Space Treaty obligations, and guaran-tees that the U.S. will lead the world in commercial space activities through-out the 21st century. H.R. 2809 increases American com-petitiveness and attracts companies, talents, and money that would other-wise go to other countries. In short, the American Space Commerce Free Enterprise Act ensures that America and its workforce will benefit from the new space economy. The need for this legislation became evident during the previous adminis-tration when legal uncertainty arose after U.S. space exploration companies sought payload approval from the De-partment of Transportation for its non-traditional space activities. But the DOT payload approval process is not designed to satisfy the requirements of complying with the Outer Space Trea-ty, so the Federal Government has been unable to assure the private sec-tor that new and innovative space ac-tivities would be approved for launch. The American Space Commerce Free Enterprise Act uses a commonsense ap-proach to establish a sound legal foun-dation upon which U.S. industry can rely and flourish. It creates a self-cer-tification process for the nongovern-mental space activities that provides regulatory certainty for the U.S. com-mercial space sector, it assures U.S. compliance with Outer Space Treaty obligations, and it addresses national security concerns in the least burden-some manner. Existing regulatory authority is cur-rently spread across three Federal agencies, which has caused the review of commercial remote sensing applica-tions to grind to a halt. H.R. 2809 con-solidates this authority into one Fed-eral agency, the Secretary of Com-merce’s Office of Space Commerce. The result, America gets a one-stop-shop for authorizing outer space activities. Without H.R. 2809, America’s space industry would continue to face legal uncertainty. Innovation would be sti-fled by burdensome and open-ended regulatory processes. Other policies and interests of the United States are affected by private sector space activities, national secu-rity, in particular, but the American Space Commerce Free Enterprise Act improves national security by includ-ing remote sensing reform. By requir-ing a national security risk assessment during the remote sensing permitting process, this bill ensures that national security concerns are addressed. H.R. 2809 improves the permitting process by creating a single decision point, increasing transparency, avoid-ing unnecessary reviews of tech-nologies that have already been ap-proved, and preventing the interagency process from indefinitely delaying deci-sionmaking. These changes allow our remote sensing industry to continue to lead the world. The bill also goes farther than cur-rent law in providing for the physical safety of government assets in orbit. After operations are certified, the gov-ernment can conduct an assessment of physical safety issues that will prevent disastrous collisions and help protect the safety of government and private assets. Cosponsors of the American Space Commerce Free Enterprise Act include Space Subcommittee Chairman B
RIAN B
ABIN and recent Science, Space, and Technology Committee member and now NASA Administrator, J
IM B
RIDENSTINE . Both Chairman B ABIN and Administrator B
RIDENSTINE have worked diligently to move this legisla-tion forward. And Representatives P
ERLMUTTER , KILMER , and S OTO also helped develop this commonsense, bi-partisan regulatory reform bill. Many thanks to all of them. This transformative and ground- shaking legislation facilitates commer-cial liftoff and declares that America is fully open for business in space. Amer-ican innovators, driven by ingenuity, competitive spirit, and bold vision are the future of space exploration. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to support the American Space Commerce Free Enterprise Act. Mr. Speaker, today we give space explo-ration a booster rocket in the form of H.R. 2809, the bipartisan American Space Com-merce Free Enterprise Act. The commercial space industry is poised to begin a major new initiative for discoveries in space and national economic growth. It represents hundreds of billions of dollars in investments and the cre-ation of thousands of jobs across the U.S. For years there has been uncertainty about which federal agency has responsibility for ap-proving non-traditional space activities and en-suring conformity with the Outer Space Treaty. This uncertainty has cramped capital formation and innovation and has driven American com-panies overseas. The Space Commerce Act remedies this sit-uation by establishing a new, novel legal and policy framework that unleashes American free enterprise and businesses, assures con-formity with Outer Space Treaty obligations, and guarantees that the U.S. will lead the world in commercial space activities through-out the 21st century. H.R. 2809 increases American competitive-ness and attracts companies, talents, and money that would otherwise go to other coun-tries. In short, the Space Commerce Act en-sures that America and its workforce will ben-efit from the new space economy. The need for this legislation became evident during the previous Administration when legal uncertainty arose after U.S. space exploration companies sought payload approval from the Department of Transportation (DOT) for its nontraditional space activities. But the DOT payload approval process is not designed to satisfy the requirements of complying with the Outer Space Treaty. So the federal government has been unable to assure the private sector that new and innova-tive space activities would be approved for launch. The Space Commerce Act uses a common sense approach to establish a sound legal foundation upon which U.S. industry can rely and flourish. It creates a self-certification proc-ess for non-governmental space activities that provides regulatory certainty for the U.S. com-mercial space sector. And it assures U.S. compliance with Outer Space Treaty obliga-tions and addresses national security con-cerns in the least burdensome manner. Existing regulatory authority is currently spread across three federal agencies, which has caused the review of commercial remote sensing applications to grind to a halt. Space- based remote sensing is the use of satellites to detect and classify objects on Earth, includ-ing on the surface and in the atmosphere and oceans, based on electromagnetic radiation. H.R. 2809 consolidates this authority into one federal agency—the Secretary of Commerce’s Office of Space Commerce. The result: Amer-ica gets a ‘‘one-stop shop’’ for authorizing outer space activities. Without H.R. 2809, America’s space indus-try would continue to face legal uncertainty. In-novation would be stifled by burdensome and open-ended regulatory processes. Other policies and interests of the United States are affected by private sector space ac-tivities, national security in particular. But the Space Commerce Act improves national secu-rity by including remote sensing reform. By re-quiring a national security risk assessment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24AP7.018 H24APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3485 April 24, 2018 
during the remote sensing permitting process, this bill ensures that national security concerns are addressed. H.R. 2809 improves the permitting process by creating a single decision point, increasing transparency, avoiding unnecessary reviews of technologies that have already been ap-proved, and preventing the interagency proc-ess from indefinitely delaying decision making. These changes allow our remote sensing in-dustry to continue to lead the world. The bill also goes farther than current law in providing for the physical safety of government assets in orbit. After operations are certified, the government can conduct an assessment of physical safety issues that will prevent dis-astrous collisions and help protect the safety of government and private assets. Co-sponsors of the Space Commerce Act include Space Subcommittee Chairman B
RIAN B
ABIN and recent Science Committee member, and now NASA Administrator, Jim Bridenstine. Both Chairman B
ABIN and Administrator Bridenstine have worked diligently to move this legislation forward. And Representatives P
ERLMUTTER , KILMER , and S
OTO also helped develop this common sense, bipartisan regulatory reform bill. Many thanks go to all of them. This transformative and ground-shaking leg-islation facilitates commercial lift-off and de-clares that America is fully ‘‘open for busi-ness’’ in space. American innovators, driven by ingenuity, competitive spirit and bold vision, are the fu-ture of space exploration. I encourage my col-leagues to support the American Space Com-merce Free Enterprise Act. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND T
ECHNOLOGY , Washington, DC, April 23, 2018. Hon. B
ILLSHUSTER , Chairman, Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I am in receipt of your letter to the Speaker of April 20, 2018, regarding H.R. 2809, the ‘‘American Space Commerce Free Enterprise Act.’’ H.R. 2809 was referred solely to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. The Science Committee ordered H.R. 2809 reported on June 8, 2017. Your assistance in ensuring its timely consideration is greatly appreciated. I agree provisions in the bill are within the jurisdiction of the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. I acknowledge that by withdrawing your request for a se-quential referral of H.R. 2809, your Com-mittee is not relinquishing its jurisdiction. A copy of our letters will be placed in the Con-gressional Record during floor consideration of this bill. I value your cooperation and look forward to working with you as we move ahead with this legislation. Sincerely, L
AMAR SMITH, Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  I
NFRASTRUCTURE HOUSE OF REP-
RESENTATIVES  Washington, DC, April 24, 2018. Hon. L
AMAR SMITH, Chairman, Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN SMITH: I am in receipt of your letter concerning H.R. 2809, the Amer-ican Space Commerce Free Enterprise Act of 2017. Thank you for acknowledging that this legislation includes matters that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. I recognize and appreciate your desire to bring this legislation before the House of Representatives in an expeditious manner, and accordingly, the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure will forego ac-tion on the bill. However, this is conditional on our mutual understanding that foregoing consideration of the bill does not prejudice the Committee with respect to the appoint-ment of conferees or to any future jurisdic-tional claim over the subject matters con-tained in the bill or similar legislation that fall within the Committee’s Rule X jurisdic-tion. Lastly, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I request your support for the appointment of conferees from the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure during any House-Senate conference con-vened on this or related legislation. Thank you for placing a copy of this letter and your response acknowledging our juris-dictional interest into the Congressional Record during consideration of the measure on the House floor, to memorialize our un-derstanding. I look forward to working with the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology as the bill moves through the legislative proc-ess. Sincerely, BILLSHUSTER , Chairman. 
Mr. BERA. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2809, the American Space Com-merce Free Enterprise Act of 2017. As the ranking member of the Sub-committee on Space, I support a robust and successful commercial space indus-try, and I look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues on policies that facilitate our Nation’s contained growth and leadership in space. The bill before us today, H.R. 2809, would provide a regulatory framework for U.S. innovative and emerging non-governmental space activities. Commercial space launches, space- based remote sensing, and space com-munications are currently authorized under existing frameworks in the FAA, the Department of Commerce, and the FCC. However, proposed activities such as commercial operations on the Moon, asteroid mining, satellite servicing, and privately owned space habitats are not covered. The bill establishes a certification process at Commerce for those emerg-ing commercial space activities and, in so doing, provides important certainty for commercial companies and inves-tors in these planned space activities. The bill also makes some updates to the licensing regime for commercial space-based remote sensing systems. Further, the bill moves the regu-latory oversight of commercial space- based remote sensing systems to the Office of Space Commerce under the Secretary of Commerce. The Office of Space Commerce would also have au-thority for the certification of non-traditional commercial space activi-ties. Mr. Speaker, I have often spoken about the importance of building a rules-of-the-road framework that does not stifle innovation and provides guardrails for proper government over-sight. No bill is perfect, but I believe that this bill strikes a fair balance in achieving the goal of certifying these nontraditional commercial space ac-tivities that don’t fit within the cur-rent regulatory structure. That being said, while I support mov-ing the bill forward, there are several aspects of H.R. 2809 that deserve fur-ther discussion, including ensuring that: Relevant Federal agencies can weigh in on whether proposed commercial space activities could affect the phys-ical safety of U.S. Government space operations, including human space flight operations; Making sure that relevant govern-ment expertise and measures to per-form harmful contamination of plan-etary surfaces are taken into account; Making sure that any remaining na-tional security and intelligence agency concerns are addressed; And making sure additional informa-tion is provided on how the consoli-dated Office of Space Commerce will be properly funded and staffed so it can carry out the additional responsibil-ities for authorizing commercial space activities and commercial space-based remote sensing under the bill. I am hopeful that these and other as-pects of the bill will be addressed as the bill proceeds, both in the Senate and in any House-Senate conference. Space is an area that should have bi-partisan support from Congress. NASA and the commercial space industry can only benefit when we work together as Democrats and Republicans. As a re-sult, I support passage of this bill, and I ask my colleagues to join me in help-ing to move this bill out of the House. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1730 Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California (Mr. B
ERA), the ranking member of the Space Subcommittee, for the com-ments that he just delivered, and also for cosponsoring this piece of legisla-tion. Mr. Speaker, I yield 8 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
ABIN), the chairman of the Space Subcommittee. Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD an op-ed that I wrote in January called ‘‘A one-stop-shop for private space exploration.’’ 
[Jan. 22, 2018] A O
NE-STOP-SHOP FOR PRIVATE SPACE  E
XPLORATION  (By U.S. Rep. Brian Babin) In the inaugural meeting of the reconsti-tuted National Space Council, Vice Presi-dent Mike Pence called for an overhaul of how the U.S. regulates commercial space ac-tivities. The potential of a robust economy in space will ‘‘unlock new opportunities, new technologies, and new sources of prosperity,’’ Pence said. The American Space Commerce Free En-terprise Act (H.R. 2809), recently passed by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24AP7.020 H24APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3486 April 24, 2018 
the House Science, Space, and Technology Committee, accomplishes the vice presi-dent’s goals. This bill places authority over private sector space activities in the agency best equipped to foster economic growth, the Commerce Department. The bipartisan legis-lation streamlines regulatory processes, lim-its government intrusion, promotes Amer-ican innovation and investment, protects na-tional security and satisfies our Outer Space Treaty obligations. As chairman of the House Science, Space, and Technology Committee’s space sub-committee, and as a member of the Trans-portation and Infrastructure Committee, I have the unique perspective of overseeing both of these agencies. Because of this per-spective, I believe placing this responsibility at the Commerce Department is a good long- term decision for the United States and the space industry. The Obama administration proposed giving the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), housed within the Department of Transpor-tation (DOT), responsibility for managing a broad interagency review of all private sec-tor space activity proposals through an opaque process without defined approval timelines, regardless of how benign those ac-tivities may be. My committee held numer-ous hearings on this idea to hear directly from experts and stakeholders. We found that FAA accomplishes its current mission— managing launches and re-entry—very well. However, the agency is challenged to meet its existing obligations to regulate launch and reentry, and should not be burdened with the additional responsibility of authorizing and supervising private activities in space. Moreover, current law actually prohibits DOT from regulating activities in space. It only has the ability to deny a launch if no other agency has licensed the activity. Con-gress did not intend or design this authority to create regulatory authority for on-orbit activities, or authorization or supervision process for Outer Space Treaty compliance. In contrast, the Commerce Department’s mission is to ‘‘create the conditions for eco-nomic growth and opportunity,’’ and that mission runs deep through the culture. As the space economy develops, in-space activi-ties will focus more on commerce, less on transportation logistics. Mining, habitation modules, and satellite servicing are only a few of the novel ideas that American innovators are proposing. These activities are not related to transportation, and DOT has no experience in this field. The Com-merce Department, however, is familiar with the issues that future stakeholders will need to consider, including international trade and technology. The bill also streamlines the federal space bureaucracy within the Commerce Depart-ment itself. It merges the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration’s (NOAA) responsibilities over space-based remote sensing into the already-existing Office of Space Commerce within the Commerce De-partment. NOAA is itself housed within the Commerce Department, so having two sepa-rate offices handling the same responsibil-ities makes no sense. Reforming this splintered regulatory proc-ess minimizes the burden on other agencies and makes the Commerce Department a one- stop shop for Outer Space Treaty compli-ance. Giving DOT authority, as proposed by the previous administration, would split the regulatory system, requiring remote-sensing satellite operators to seek regulatory ap-proval for their operations from both DOT and the Commerce Department. Indeed, placing this authority at the Com-merce Department is a continuation of long- standing law and national policy. Since 1984, Commerce has been the only federal agency with the legal authority to authorize and su-pervise space activities. While the Federal Communications Commission regulates spec-trum and DOT regulates launch and re- entry, neither has the authority to authorize and supervise space activities generally to assure compliance with the Outer Space Treaty. Some stakeholders have questioned wheth-er the Office of Space Commerce can handle remote-sensing licensing and supervising general space activities. The answer is yes. The Commerce Department already has ex-pertise authorizing and supervising remote- sensing systems, and the bill’s streamlined review process is more transparent, quicker, and less burdensome on staff. Importantly, Commerce also has expertise in balancing national security with commercial interests, working with American industry inter-nationally and in regulating space dual-use technologies through the Export Administra-tion Regulations. The American Space Commerce Free En-terprise Act declares that America is open for business in outer space. The only agency with the long-standing experience and cul-ture to regulate and foster the budding space economy is the Commerce Department. With this innovative legislation, which builds on that culture of transparency and clarity, we position the American space in-dustry as a leader in growing a robust and lawful economy in space. 
Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak in favor of H.R. 2809, the Amer-ican Space Commerce Free Enterprise Act. The American Space Commerce Free Enterprise Act is a commonsense bi-partisan bill that streamlines the regu-latory processes, limits burdensome government intrusion, promotes Amer-ican innovation and investment, pro-tects national security, and satisfies our international obligations. One of the fundamental drivers for this legislation has been that innova-tive American companies are pushing the boundaries. And when the Senate ratified the Outer Space Treaty 50 years ago, free enterprise in outer space was an idea but was not reality. Today, not only does U.S. free enter-prise exist in outer space, but it is in-novating at an unprecedented pace. From astroid mining to private Moon missions, to satellite servicing, to re-mote sensing constellations, there is great promise that American enter-prise will soon unlock new wealth and scientific benefits. But this promise is threatened; threatened by expansive, unchecked regulatory authority, cumbersome non-transparent regulatory processes, and misperceptions about the United States’ Outer Space Treaty obliga-tions. For several years, we have heard con-cerns from stakeholders that they need greater regulatory certainty to attract investment and to succeed. Stake-holders also reported that while they want to stay in America, due to regu-latory burdens and uncertainty, they might need to go overseas. The American Space Commerce Free Enterprise Act addresses these con-cerns without compromising our cher-ished principles of liberty and freedom. It provides for presumptions of ap-proval and requires the government to take affirmative steps before condi-tioning or denying proposed space or remote sensing operations. It places the burden of demonstrating inconsistency with Outer Space Treaty obligations and national security re-quirements of the United States with the government and not the applicant. It curtails vague, overreaching regu-latory authority and prevents tolling of statutory adjudication timelines. It ensures U.S. industry receives a timely and transparent determination on ap-plications. The bill recognizes legitimate na-tional security equities and provides for the condition or denial of author-ized space activities with remote sens-ing systems that are a significant threat to U.S. national security in cer-tain circumstances. But it protects against abuses of interagency discre-tion by requiring an explanation and evidence of the threat before condi-tions or denial can be made. In order to ensure the Office of Space Commerce is empowered to represent the interests of our citizens and the private sector, the director of the of-fice is elevated to be the new assistant secretary for Space Commerce. The act also advances important pub-lic policy interests. The bill establishes a mandatory safety consultation be-tween private and Federal Government operators. The goal of this consulta-tion is for the affected parties to reach a voluntary agreement to mitigate safety risks. For parties subject to U.S. jurisdic-tion, the act provides for Federal dis-trict court jurisdiction for any civil ac-tion resulting from certified or per-mitted space operations. To protect against foreign harmful interference, the act directs the Presi-dent to protect against acts of foreign aggression and foreign harmful inter-ference. The act also addresses concerns of harmful contamination of the Earth or celestial bodies. Pursuant to our inter-national obligations under the Outer Space Treaty, operations may be condi-tioned or denied by the Secretary of Commerce, in consultation with appro-priate agencies such as NASA to ad-dress harmful contamination. The bill posits longstanding U.S. pol-icy, confirmed by both Department of State and NASA, that COSPAR plan-etary protection guidelines are not international obligations of the United States. This was done to allow all stakeholders, including the scientific community and industry, to work to-gether as activities expand beyond sci-entific exploration and to address mu-tual interests, not by proscribing COSPAR guidelines as binding inter-national law, but by allowing the Outer Space Treaty to guide our activities. I am grateful to have worked with Chairman S
MITH and Representative 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24AP7.011 H24APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3487 April 24, 2018 
BRIDENSTINE , recently confirmed as NASA administrator, in the develop-ment of this bill. I am also very glad that this is a bi-partisan bill, with the support of Rep-resentatives P
ERLMUTTER and K ILMER  and B
ERA. I strongly support this bill and urge my colleagues to do the same. Again, my op-ed is a very, very tell-tale reason and shows exactly why this is a great bill to put this under the De-partment of Commerce and take it out from under the Department of Trans-portation. For many reasons, I hope that this would be a source of debate and where we will get the reasons for what we are doing with this. Mr. BERA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Colo-rado (Mr. P
ERLMUTTER ), my good friend and all-around champion of human space travel to Mars by 2033. Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California (Mr. B
ERA), the ranking member, and Chairmen S
MITH and B ABIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today as a sup-porter and cosponsor of H.R. 2809. The United States has the best aero-space industry in the world. In order to stay number one, we need to provide certainty to American industry so it can attract investment and continue innovating to push our country for-ward. We are at a time where we have the opportunity to set the standard of how to regulate space activities so there is a level playing field for our American industry. That is why we need a certification process, as provided in the bill, to en-sure compliance with the Outer Space Treaty. This process will reduce uncer-tainty and create a clear path to cer-tification and to the launch of new spacecraft. I have heard from stakeholders still discussing where to place this new au-thority. This legislation placed that authority in the Office of Space Com-merce. Others have suggested the Of-fice of Space Transportation at the FAA. I hope this discussion continues and we reach a consensus as we con-tinue through the legislative process with the Senate. The second part of this bill makes important reforms for the remote sens-ing industry. Satellite imagery or space images are also known as the re-mote sensing industry, and it is chang-ing the way we see the Earth and ena-bling businesses of all types to find new opportunities. A major remote sensing company named DigitalGlobe is headquartered in my district in Westminster, Colo-rado. I have heard stories about how long they have waited for a license de-termination under NOAA, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Agency—over 4 years in one case. This is well past the 120-day deadline currently required in statute because of a broken inter-agency review process and no mecha-nism to enforce a timeline. This is why I believe the reforms in section 4 of the bill are overdue. Those companies in the remote sensing indus-try need certainty so that they can make sound plans and attract investors and customers. All of these regulatory delays mean lost revenue and signifi-cant expenses as they wait for ap-proval. Section 4 of the bill helps fix that. During the markup of this bill last year, we made improvements to the bill to ensure the Office of Space Com-merce has the time needed to get its decisions right and to strengthen the consultation language to require the Secretary of Commerce to consult with other relevant Federal agencies. Since the markup, I was pleased to see additions to the bill which ensure the proper balance with the defense community to ensure the Department of Defense has the proper input into re-mote sensing applications. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chair-man SMITH, Chairman B ABIN, and now- NASA Administrator Bridenstine for their work with me on this bill. I thank Ranking Member J
OHNSON  and Ranking Member B
ERAfor raising a number of important issues which we still have to address as we go through this process. I believe the bill before the House today is a good bill, and I look forward to working with the Senate to pass these reforms into law. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
ERLMUTTER ) for his enthusiasm about space. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OHR-
ABACHER ), who is a very active member of the Science, Space and Technology Committee and of the Space Sub-committee. Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2809. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chair-man S
MITH for the great job that he has been doing, and also to Sub-committee Chairman B
ABIN and Sub-committee Ranking Member B
ERA. This is truly a bipartisan piece of legis-lation, and I believe under Chairman S
MITH’s leadership, we have had a bi-partisan committee in the Science, Space and Technology Committee. H.R. 2809, the American Space Com-merce Free Enterprise Act, clears up the doubt around commercial space ac-tivities. Which agency is responsible? Who will give me the answers? It is hard enough to create a new technology and develop new markets without having to get five different an-swers about which bureaucrat needs to sign off on what form. This uncer-tainty, this confusion, has forced com-panies overseas, much in the same way that companies were forced overseas before the Commercial Space Act of 2004, of which I was the author. Now, as then, it is the fault of Con-gress for not keeping up with the in-dustry. Now, as then, we choose to en-able American cutting-edge space com-panies by providing the framework in which they can build, test, and create. Now, as then, we choose to lead the world, and we are making this a better world through our space enterprise. Do you remember when long-distance telephone calls cost a fortune? Ordi-nary people could not make phone calls to their loved ones. So in a way, by bringing down the cost and enhancing the quality of that type of communica-tion through space-based enterprise, we have expanded the goodwill of people towards each other and their families throughout the world. We have made sure, for example, that with space-based assets, even farmers know when to plant, thus we have more food production at a cheaper price, and space-based assets have made America safer. Mr. Speaker, it has been an honor to work with the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH) on these space-related issues, and I would hope that we con-tinue to work together in cooperation, showing America’s young people that we believe in the future, and whether it is Republican or Democrat, we are going to work together to make sure they have that future they deserve. Mr. BERA. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I think you have seen the genuine enthu-siasm that Democrats and Republicans and all Americans have about space. It is in that spirit of national pride and American leadership that I urge all my colleagues to pass this bill, and, again, to continue to foster American leader-ship in space and meet that goal that my colleague Mr. P
ERLMUTTER often talks about, getting to Mars by 2033. Mr. Speaker, it has been a pleasure working with the chairman of the full committee and the subcommittee, and I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. b1745 Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I just want to thank, publicly, Majority Leader K
EVIN M
CCARTHY for cosponsoring this legis-lation as well. I encourage my col-leagues to support it, and I appreciate the remarks by the gentleman from California (Mr. B
ERA). I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2809, the American Space Commerce Free Enterprise Act. I believe that this bill strikes the right balance between sup-porting American innovation in space while ad-dressing the potential national security con-cerns related to emerging space-based remote sensing capabilities. It is not in our interest to overregulate emerging innovative space companies and drive them overseas to be licensed. We saw this happen with the synthetic aperture radar market, which fled to Europe in the 1990’s, and our domestic market for that technology is still suffering the consequences. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\RECORD18\APRIL\H24AP8.REC H24AP8abonner on DSKBCJ7HB2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3488 April 24, 2018 
But we also cannot allow the physical secu-rity and operational success of our warfighters to be jeopardized by new commercial tech-nologies. Technologies such as commercial signals intelligence and space-based radio fre-quency mapping may contribute to the ability of our adversaries to more accurately track our forces as they execute their missions abroad. We need to acknowledge the risks posed by these emerging technologies and allow the Department of Defense to have a role in ad-dressing any national security threat posed by commercial remote sensing, space-based radio frequency mapping, and commercial sig-nals intelligence. This bill strikes a good balance in two core principles of American free enterprise—pro-moting innovation and protecting our national security. As it moves through the process, it may be that additional concerns may rise or be dispelled. The full range of national security concerns must be taken into account when making certification or licensing decisions for commercial remote sensing satellites. It is im-portant that all relevant committees, including the House Armed Services Committee, be in-volved at each step to ensure that the totality of American national interest is promoted. I would like to particularly thank Chairman L
AMAR SMITH for his vision and for his pa-tience in working through the variety of issues related to this legislation. The Congress will miss his leadership and good nature in the years to come. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak on H.R. 2809, the ‘‘American Space Commerce Free Enterprise Act of 2017’’. Before turning to my substantive concerns with the bill, I must note my dis-appointment with the process followed by the Majority—a process that led to the Majority’s putting this bill on today’s suspension calendar without any attempt to engage with the Minor-ity to address our concerns in the ten months since the bill was marked up in the Science Committee. That is not the way we should be legislating in this House. However, here we are. I would anticipate that very few Members have had any oppor-tunity to review this legislation or to examine the issues it raises. So in my remaining time, I will attempt to identify a few of the concerns I have with this bill. First, H.R. 2809 proposes a significant re-alignment of governmental space organiza-tions, and a very significant increase in the re-sponsibilities and authorities to be given the Department of Commerce’s Office of Space Commerce—an office that currently has only a handful of employees. These would include the authorization and supervision of non-governmental space activities. At the same time, the FAA’s Office of Commercial Space Transportation (FAA AST), which has built up significant expertise and staff over the years in the areas of licensing commercial space launches and reentries and which has coordi-nated authorization of a non-traditional space mission, would have no significant role in any of the commercial space activities covered in this bill beyond launch and reentry licenses. As a result, DoC will have to build a new bu-reaucracy to carry out its new duties, and in the process have to duplicate the skills that al-ready reside in FAA’s AST. All of this would be set in motion without a single House hear-ing on the proposal or any other substantive review of it. At the same time that the Department of Commerce is given those significant new re-sponsibilities, including ensuring compliance with the Outer Space Treaty, something that has been and is a core responsibility of the State Department, the bill would significantly limit DoC’s ability to disapprove a certification application as long as the paperwork is com-plete, regardless of any non-Outer Space Treaty-related concerns involving U.S. inter-national obligations that the application might raise. Again, all of these measures are in-cluded in the bill without any substantive prior congressional review of the proposals. I could go on and cite other examples, but in the in-terests of time I will just note that the bill also would significantly weaken the enforcement of the international standards and guidelines cov-ering ‘‘planetary protection’’, i.e., the preven-tion of contamination of scientifically important sites on planetary surfaces or moons that might accrue from commercial space activities. These standards and guidelines were largely shaped by NASA through years of engage-ment in relevant international bodies, but the bill would replace them with a largely laissez- faire approach to the problem of potential con-tamination by commercial space activities. Mr. Speaker, I will stop with that example. I could cite concerns raised by a number of agencies, including NASA, but the reality is that none of them are going to be resolved by today’s House debate on the suspension bill H.R. 2809. The potential for unintended nega-tive consequences from provisions that have not been thoroughly vetted should give all of us pause, as should the pages and pages of comments from agencies such as NASA that warrant attention before the Congress finalizes legislation. For example, NASA’s has raised a concern about the bill’s ambiguity as to wheth-er its activities will be subject to the oversight of another federal agency, especially those that involve the use of commercial services as part of a NASA mission, which could ad-versely impact its ability to carry out its chal-lenging initiatives. In closing, the bill before us attempts to ad-dress important issues that need our attention if we are to appropriately balance the needs of the emerging commercial space industry and the government’s responsibility to protect the interests of America’s citizens and honor our international obligations. It makes a positive contribution to the debate on how best to pro-ceed in undertaking future commercial and governmental space endeavors. However, for the reasons I have already discussed, I think the bill is only partially successful in that at-tempt. In any event, many of these complex issues are not going to be resolved by a sin-gle piece of legislation and will likely require legislative efforts over multiple Congresses. That said, the bill before us does represent a useful starting point for discussion and debate. As a result, I do not intend to oppose this bill moving out of the House today. Instead, if after this bill leaves the House, the Senate de-cides to engage on this legislation or its own legislative approach, I hope and expect that the issues I have flagged today—along with others—will receive the bicameral scrutiny that they deserve. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a sen-ior member of the Homeland Security Com-mittee and a former member of the Science Committee I am in strong support of H.R. 2809, the ‘‘American Space Commerce Free Enterprise Act of 2017.’’ Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman SMITH and Ranking Member E DDIE BERNICE  J
OHNSON for their work to bring H.R. 2809 be-fore the House for consideration. There is historic congressional support for NASA in Congress, and I am proud to have played a leading role in this effort. Now that space exploration has attracted strong private sector investments, space ex-ploration has entered a new era. I served on the House Science Committee for 12 years; and one of the goals was to see private sector investments in space explo-ration. This legislation grants the Office of Space Commerce (OSC) of the Department of Com-merce the authority to issue certifications to U.S. nationals and nongovernmental entities for the operation of: 1. specified human-made objects manufac-tured or assembled in outer space, including on the Moon and other celestial bodies, with or without human occupants, that were launched from Earth; and 2. all items carried on such objects that are intended for use in outer space. To be eligible for certification, each entity’s application must include a space debris mitigation plan for the space objects. H.R. 2809 also directs that the Office of Space Commerce (OSC) establish a Private Space Activity Advisory Committee to: 1. analyze the status and recent develop-ments of nongovernmental space activities, and 2. advise on matters relating to U.S. private sector activities in outer space. The bill authorizes the OSC to issue permits to persons for the operation of space-based remote sensing systems. The OSC will also establish an Advisory Committee on Commercial Remote Sensing to provide advice on matters relating to the U.S. commercial space-based remote sensing in-dustry. The bill also abolishes the Commercial Re-mote Sensing Regulatory Affairs Office of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion. It is our job as members of Congress to make sure that NASA continues to push the boundaries of what is possible, keeping our Nation on the forefront of innovation and ex-ploration. However, when the impossible becomes routine, and private sector interest in the area of space exploration attracts investment and further innovation in the area of commer-cialization it is fitting to support private sector efforts. We should not forget the role that private and public sector efforts have made in devel-oping and promoting advancements in aviation from its earliest beginnings. The Wright Brothers were private citizens who devoted themselves to solving the prob-lems associated with human flight. Their success led others inside and outside of government to pursue innovations that led to the development of technology that ulti-mately led us into space. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:42 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\RECORD18\APRIL\H24AP8.REC H24AP8abonner on DSKBCJ7HB2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3489 April 24, 2018 
NASA continues to be the world’s premier space organization but as innovation and pri-vate interest in space continues we must make room for private sector interests. We must provide for safe and responsible space innovations, while assuring that the United States remains a leader in this area. H.R. 2809 maintains sustainability of pur-pose for the government’s support of commer-cial space activities. The bill lays the ground work for an expan-sion in commercial space activity and empha-sizes the importance of maintaining a steady cadence of science missions that lead the way into deeper exploration of our planet, solar system and beyond. This authorization addresses an issue of great importance to a sustained and healthy space program. The bill provides a place in the Department of Commerce for remote sensing commercial space activity. It is the responsibility of this Congress to ensure that the future of NASA is one of con-tinued progress and that space exploration re-mains a part of our national destiny. NASA inspires our children to look to the stars and dream of what they too may achieve one day. Space exploration allows us to push the bounds of our scientific knowledge, as we carry out research projects not possible within the constraints of planet Earth. I ask my colleagues to join me in voting in favor of H.R. 2809. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2089, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
INNOVATORS TO ENTREPRENEURS ACT OF 2018 Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5086) to require the Director of the National Science Foun-dation to develop an I-Corps course to support commercialization-ready inno-vation companies, and for other pur-poses, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5086 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Innovators to Entrepreneurs Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) The National Science Foundation Inno-vation Corps Program (hereinafter referred to as ‘‘I-Corps’’), created administratively by the Foundation in 2011 and statutorily au-thorized in the American Innovation and Competitiveness Act, has succeeded in in-creasing the commercialization of Govern-ment-funded research. (2) I-Corps provides valuable entrepre-neurial education to graduate students, postdoctoral fellows, and other researchers, providing formal training for scientists and engineers to pursue careers in business, an increasingly common path for advanced de-gree holders. (3) The I-Corps Teams program is success-ful in part due to its focus on providing the specific types of education and mentoring entrepreneurs need based on the early stage of their companies, however the program does not provide similar support to them at later stages. (4) The success of I-Corps in the very early stages of the innovation continuum should be expanded upon by offering additional en-trepreneurship training to small businesses as they advance toward commercialization. (5) The excellent training made available to grantees of participating agencies through the I-Corps Program should be made avail-able to all Federal grantees as well as other businesses willing to pay the cost of attend-ing such training. (6) The success of the I-Corps Program at promoting entrepreneurship within research institutions and encouraging research com-mercialization has been due in part to the National Science Foundation’s efforts to date on building a national network of science entrepreneurs, including convening stakeholders, promoting national I-Corps courses, cataloguing best practices and en-courage sharing between sites and institu-tions, and developing a mentor network. (7) As the I-Corps Program continues to grow and expand, the National Science Foun-dation should maintain its focus on net-working and information sharing to ensure that innovators across the country can learn from their peers and remain competitive. SEC. 3. EXPANDED PARTICIPATION IN I-CORPS. 
Section 601(c)(2) of the American Innova-tion and Competitiveness Act (42 U.S.C. 1862s–8(c)(2)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) A
DDITIONAL PARTICIPANTS .— ‘‘(i) E
LIGIBILITY .—The Director, in con-sultation with relevant stakeholders, as de-termined by the Director, which may include Federal agencies, I-Corps regional nodes, universities, and public and private entities engaged in technology transfer or commer-cialization of technologies, shall provide an option for participation in an I-Corps Teams course by— ‘‘(I) Small Business Innovation Research Program grantees; and ‘‘(II) other entities, as determined appro-priate by the Director. ‘‘(ii) C
OST OF PARTICIPATION .—The cost of participation by a Small Business Innova-tion Research Program grantee in such course may be provided— ‘‘(I) through I-Corps Teams grants; ‘‘(II) through funds awarded to grantees under the Small Business Innovation Re-search Program or the Small Business Tech-nology Transfer Program; ‘‘(III) by the grantor Federal agency of the grantee using funds set aside for the Small Business Innovation Research Program under section 9(f)(1) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(f)(1)); ‘‘(IV) by the grantor Federal agency of the grantee using funds set aside for the Small Business Technology Transfer Program under section 9(n)(1) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(n)(1)); or ‘‘(V) by the participating teams.’’. 
SEC. 4. I-CORPS COURSE FOR COMMERCIALIZA-TION-READY PARTICIPANTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In carrying out the I- Corps program described in section 601(c) of the American Innovation and Competitive-ness Act (42 U.S.C. 1862s–8(c)), the Director shall develop an I-Corps course offered by I- Corps regional nodes to support commer-cialization-ready participants. Such course shall include skills such as attracting inves-tors, scaling up a company, and building a brand. (b) ENGAGEMENT WITHRELEVANT STAKE -
HOLDERS .—In developing the course under subsection (a), the Director may consult with the heads of such Federal agencies, uni-versities, and public and private entities as the Director determines to be appropriate. (c) E
LIGIBLE PARTICIPANTS .—The course de-veloped under subsection (a) shall— (1) support participants that have com-pleted an I-Corps Teams course; (2) support participants that have made the decision to take an innovation to mar-ket. 
SEC. 5. REPORT. 
Not later than 2 years after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Con-gress a report containing an evaluation of the I-Corps program described in section 601(c) of the American Innovation and Com-petitiveness Act (42 U.S.C. 1862s–8(c)). Such evaluation shall include an assessment of the effects of I-Corps on— (1) the commercialization of Federally funded research and development; (2) the higher education system; and (3) regional economies and the national economy. 
SEC. 6. FUNDING. 
(a) F ISCAL YEARS 2019 AND 2020.—Out of amounts otherwise authorized for the Na-tional Science Foundation, there is author-ized to be appropriated a total of $5,000,000 for fiscal years 2019 and 2020 to carry out the activities described in section 4 and the amendment made by section 3. (b) L
IMITATION .—No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act and the amendments made by this Act, and this Act and such amendments shall be carried out using amounts otherwise available for such purpose. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. W
EBSTER ) and the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. L
IPINSKI ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 5086, the bill now under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today I ask my col-leagues to join me in supporting the Innovators to Entrepreneurs Act, H.R. 5086. I thank my friend D
ANIEL LIPINSKI  for introducing the legislation with me. He is a champion of the time-prov-en Innovation Corps program, better known as I-Corps. This bipartisan piece of legislation is a result of the committee hearings on the I-Corps program. The Innovation Corps program was created by the Na-tional Science Foundation in 2011 to teach scientists and engineers how to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24AP7.025 H24APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3490 April 24, 2018 
turn their laboratory innovations into successful commercial products and services. This program assists scientists and engineers in the development of their academic research and equips them to bring that research into the private market. We have witnessed the wonder-ful successes of this program in my home State of Florida and across the Nation. H.R. 5086 expands the I-Corps program by creating a new course for commercialization-ready companies. Following the completion of an I- Corps team course, individuals are eli-gible for this new course which will help them create, market, and eventu-ally expand their private sector com-pany. Through marketing, hiring, orga-nizing, and attracting investors, these participants’ success increases dra-matically. The bill breaks down the barriers ex-perienced by current scientists when attempting to bring their product to market. Additionally, this bill expands the groups allowed to apply for the I- Corps program and offers new options for how to initially pay for the course. Mr. Speaker, I would appreciate my colleagues’ support in passing this commonsense piece of legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5086, the Innovators to Entrepreneurs Act of 2018, a bill that I introduced to spur entrepreneurship and turn Amer-ican innovation into jobs. I want to thank the gentleman from Florida (Mr. W
EBSTER ) for being a lead cosponsor of this legislation. This bill expands the National Science Foundation’s highly successful Innovation Corps, or I-Corps, program, which, as my Science, Space, and Tech-nology Committee colleagues know, I have been a major champion of since it was first created by NSF in 2011. In 2016, I led the effort that officially authorized I-Corps. I-Corps teaches sci-entists and engineers how to turn their federally funded laboratory research into successful products and services. The program has educated more than 1,100 teams, including many women and underrepresented minorities, and has been linked to over 400 startup companies. Since it was authorized in the last Congress, NSF has helped spread I- Corps to other agencies, including the National Institutes of Health, NASA, and the Department of Energy. The Federal Government invests bil-lions of dollars in research and develop-ment annually, both at government fa-cilities like National Labs and at uni-versities and research institutions. I- Corps is a modest investment that leads to a much higher return on our federally funded research by signifi-cantly increasing rates of commer-cialization and job creation. Our economy is driven by the inge-nuity of our scientists and engineers, developing innovations today that be-come tomorrow’s great products; and yet, still only a minority of federally funded research with commercial po-tential ever makes it to the market-place. The I-Corps program helps change that. But we can do even more, and this bill helps to do that. First, it helps more people participate in the pro-gram. Right now, unless you are a grantee of the NSF or another agency with an I-Corps program, the training can be difficult to access. This bill will give recipients of small business grants from any Federal agency the flexibility to pay for I-Corps with their grant funds. It will also let private citizens apply and pay out of pocket to partici-pate. Second, the bill directs NSF to estab-lish a new course as part of the I-Corps program to teach scientist entre-preneurs how to start and grow a com-pany. While the current I-Corps course does a great job of helping scientists develop innovation and determine whether or not it is suitable for com-mercialization, it offers only limited guidance for what to do after the deci-sion is made to become an entre-preneur. Skills such as how to write a busi-ness plan, hire a team, and attract in-vestment are taught in business schools, but not in Ph.D. programs. NSF recognizes that need and has al-ready begun a pilot program to test curricula for this new course. This bill will make sure the new course is fully developed and made available around the country. Finally, this bill requires a GAO as-sessment of the I-Corps program, its first comprehensive, independent eval-uation since it was created. Although the program’s success to date speaks for itself, it is important to continu-ously improve it by developing metrics to measure its performance and to en-sure that Federal funds are well spent. This bill has been endorsed by a wide range of stakeholders, including the former NSF program officer who found-ed the program, Dr. Errol Arkilic; Sil-icon Valley serial entrepreneur who de-veloped the curriculum that I-Corps is based on, Steve Blank; and directors of I-Corps Nodes around the country. The bill is also endorsed by the Infor-mation Technology and Innovation Foundation, the National Venture Cap-ital Association, the Council on Gov-ernmental Relations, and the Associa-tion of Public and Land-grant Univer-sities. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chair-man S
MITH and Ranking Member J OHN-
SON for their support of this legisla-tion, and again I want to thank the lead cosponsor, Mr. W
EBSTER of Flor-ida. I also want to thank Senator C
OONS , who is leading the Senate com-panion bill. I ask my colleagues to support this commonsense legislation which will help spur greater American innovation and create more jobs, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH), the chairman of the Space, Science, and Technology Committee. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Florida (Mr. W
EBSTER ), a valued member of the Space, Science, and Technology Com-mittee for yielding me time. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5086, the Innovators to Entrepreneurs Act. The bill extends the reach of the National Science Foundation’s Innova-tive Corps, or I-Corps, program, which trains and prepares scientists and engi-neers to advance their research results into entrepreneurial opportunities. H.R. 5086 expands who is eligible to participate in I-Corps courses, allowing a portion of small business innovation research grants and small business technology transfer grants to be used to cover I-Corps training expenses. The bill also allows any private citizen to apply to participate and pay out-of- pocket. H.R. 5086 authorizes a new I-Corps course for commercial-ready research ventures that teaches skills involving company organization, attracting in-vestors, and hiring. In research labs today lie the seeds for breakthroughs in new fields like quantum computing, artificial intel-ligence, and bioengineering. These breakthroughs will continue to trans-form our lives and the world we live in. Many scientists and engineers are not trained for commercializing those ideas and did not go to business school or take any business development classes. I-Corps gives researchers tools to maximize the taxpayer investment in basic research and to spur innova-tion. H.R. 5086 builds on the success of the I-Corps program in building con-nections between academia and the pri-vate sector to create more startups and more jobs. We thank the Research and Tech-nology Subcommittee Ranking Mem-ber D
ANLIPINSKI and Representative D
ANIEL WEBSTER for taking the lead on this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman S
MITH again for his support of this leg-islation. We all know that helping our sci-entists, engineers, and academics not only advances our knowledge and un-derstanding of the world, but it also creates jobs and products that fuel our economy, which is a goal that all of us can agree upon. As a former university professor, I know that it is not something that we teach in Ph.D. programs. We have the greatest researchers in the world here in the United States. We invest so much in Federal dollars for research. This is a simple program, low cost, that helps get the biggest bang for our buck, helps create jobs, and keeps 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24AP7.044 H24APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3491 April 24, 2018 
America on the leading edge of innova-tion in the world. It is something that we need for today and for our future. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Mr. L
IPINSKI , Chairman S MITH, and the en-tire House Science, Space, and Tech-nology Committee for their support of this legislation. It is a good bill, and it will spur the creation of new businesses and new jobs. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Mr. L
IPINSKI for his leadership on this issue and for introducing this legislation. Scientific research conducted at our nation’s universities and national laboratories has had an undeniable impact on our daily lives. The societal impacts of research have been varied. Scientific advances have improved public health and safety, increased our national se-curity, enhanced our quality of life, and ad-vanced our economic competitiveness. The societal benefit of research is only real-ized if the science successfully makes it out of the laboratory. This does not always happen, and in fact, the successful commercialization of scientific advances is largely the exception, rather than the rule. The path from the laboratory to the market is difficult to navigate. Many promising ideas are never considered for commercialization, while some researchers invest significant time and money into launching a startup only to re-alize that there is no market for their innova-tion. The commercialization of scientific research is an important driver of economic growth. Now, more than ever, global competition is pushing companies to innovate and incor-porate new technologies into their business models. At the same time, researchers are generating innovative products, processes, and services with the potential to transform entire industries. To maintain our position as the global lead-er in technological innovation, we must ensure that we are realizing the full economic poten-tial of federal investment in research. Other countries have caught on to research as one of the secrets to our success, and they are nipping at our heels. To accelerate and streamline the process of maximizing the impact of research beyond the laboratory, the National Science Foundation launched its Innovation Corps, or I-Corps, pro-gram in 2011. The NSF I-Corps program leverages existing curriculum, tools, and edu-cational resources to prepare grantees to identify and pursue commercial opportunities with their NSF-funded research. Since it was established, the I-Corps pro-gram has successfully provided entrepreneur-ship training to nearly 3,000 individuals at over 200 universities. Combined, I-Corps grantees have raised over $100 million, with $30 million coming from private investors. Grantees have used the skills and networks they gained from their I-Corps training to start over 360 compa-nies. The success of I-Corps has generated sig-nificant interest from individuals outside of academia. The Innovators to Entrepreneurs Act of 2018 expands the reach of I-Corps by extending eligibility to SBIR grantees and other outside entities. The bill also builds upon the existing I-Corps curriculum by adding a course to help research ventures that are ready to be brought to market. I encourage my colleagues to join me in support of this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. WEB-
STER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5086, as amend-ed. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
RESIGNATION AS MEMBER OF COMMITTEE ON EDUCATION AND THE WORKFORCE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following resigna-tion as a member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce: 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, April 24, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House, Washington, DC. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN: Due to my election to the House Armed Services Committee, this letter is to inform you that I resign my seat on the Committee on Education and the Workforce. It has been an honor to serve in this capacity. Sincerely, P
AULMITCHELL , Member of Congress. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the resignation is accepted. There was no objection. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 59 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
OLDING ) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on questions previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: Suspending the rules and agreeing to H. Con. Res. 111; Suspending the rules and passing H.R. 5086; and Agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. f 
SUPPORTING EFFORTS TO BRING THE 2026 FIFA WORLD CUP COM-PETITION TO CANADA, MEXICO, AND THE UNITED STATES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and agree to the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 111) recognizing and supporting the ef-forts of the United Bid Committee to bring the 2026 Federation Inter-nationale de Football Association (FIFA) World Cup competition to Can-ada, Mexico, and the United States, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the con-current resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the concurrent reso-lution, as amended. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 392, nays 3, not voting 33, as follows: 
[Roll No. 148] YEAS—392 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellison Emmer Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24AP7.045 H24APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3492 April 24, 2018 
Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gibbs Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—3 
Amash Garrett Gohmert 
NOT VOTING—33 
Black Blackburn Brady (PA) Butterfield Chabot Comstock Crawford Cummings Dunn Engel Gowdy Gutie´rrez Hartzler Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Kuster (NH) Labrador Lamborn Matsui McCarthy Meng Messer Noem Posey Ratcliffe Rooney, Thomas J. Royce (CA) Scalise Schiff Speier Swalwell (CA) Waters, Maxine Yoho b1856 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the concurrent resolution, as amended, was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
INNOVATORS TO ENTREPRENEURS ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5086) to require the Director of the National Science Foundation to develop an I-Corps course to support commercialization-ready innovation companies, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. W
EB-
STER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 379, nays 16, not voting 33, as follows: 
[Roll No. 149] YEAS—379 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellison Emmer Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gibbs Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCaul McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—16 
Amash Biggs Brooks (AL) Buck Foxx Garrett Gohmert Gosar Griffith Jones Massie McClintock Norman Rice (SC) Rohrabacher Sanford 
NOT VOTING—33 
Black Blackburn Brady (PA) Butterfield Chabot Comstock Crawford Cummings Dunn Engel Gowdy Gutie´rrez 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24AP7.029 H24APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3493 April 24, 2018 
Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Kuster (NH) Labrador Lamborn Lynch Matsui McCarthy Meng Messer Noem Posey Ratcliffe Rooney, Thomas J. Royce (CA) Scalise Schiff Speier Swalwell (CA) Waters, Maxine Yoho 
b1906 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. M CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 148 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 149. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 148 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 149. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 817 Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that Rep-resentative C
LAYHIGGINS of Louisiana be removed as a cosponsor of H. Res. 817. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. F
ERGUSON ). Is there objection to the re-quest of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 5310 Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to have my name removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 5310. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from South Carolina? There was no objection. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H. RES. 774 Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to remove my name as a cosponsor of H. Res. 774. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. 
f 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW Mr. HURD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that when the House ad-journs today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF FIRST LADY BARBARA BUSH Mr. HURD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further consideration of House Resolution 838, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. The text of the resolution is as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 838 Whereas Barbara Pierce was born on June 8, 1925, in New York City; Whereas Barbara Pierce became engaged to George Herbert Walker Bush and, while awaiting his return from combat during World War II, supported the war effort by working at a nuts and bolts factory in Port Chester, New York; Whereas Barbara Bush was married to President George H.W. Bush for 73 years, and together they had 2 daughters, 4 sons, 17 grandchildren, and 8 great-grandchildren; Whereas as Second Lady of the United States, Barbara Bush became a passionate champion for family literacy and published ‘‘C. Fred’s Story: A Dog’s Life’’, which raised $100,000 for Literacy Volunteers of America and Laubach Literacy Action; Whereas, in January of 1983, Barbara Bush joined the board of the Morehouse School of Medicine in Atlanta, Georgia, and worked with Dr. Louis Sullivan to help raise $10 mil-lion for the school’s first capital campaign; Whereas First Lady Barbara Bush founded the Barbara Bush Foundation for Family Literacy in 1989, and over the course of 30 years raised more than $110 million to sup-port family literacy programs in every State across America; Whereas while serving as First Lady, Bar-bara Bush visited facilities for AIDS victims and held infected babies and hugged adults, and in so doing, helped erase the stigma of that disease; Whereas, in 1991, Barbara Bush and other advocates worked for the passage of the Na-tional Literacy Act of 1991, which created the National Institute for Literacy and per-mitted the use of libraries and other munic-ipal property as evening literacy centers for adults; Whereas after leaving the White House, Barbara Bush continued to support a broad range of important organizations and causes, including AmeriCares, the Mayo Clinic Foundation, the Leukemia Society of Amer-ica, the Ronald McDonald House, and the Boys & Girls Club of America; Whereas three primary schools and two middle schools in Texas have been named for Barbara Bush, along with an elementary school in Mesa, Arizona, the Barbara Bush Library in Harris County, Texas, and the Barbara Bush Children’s Hospital at Maine Medical Center in Portland, Maine; Whereas Barbara Bush shares the rare dis-tinction with Abigail Adams of being both a wife to, and mother of, a President of the United States, and is also the mother of a Governor of Florida and a Governor of Texas; and Whereas Barbara Bush was a truly great American, First and Second Lady of the United States, literacy advocate, author, mother, and ‘‘Ganny’’: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the House of Representa-tives— (1) extends its sympathies to the family of Barbara Bush; and (2) honors the life of First Lady Barbara Bush and her contribution to the United States of America. The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE HONORING THE LIFE OF FORMER FIRST LADY BARBARA BUSH (Mr. WILLIAMS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this time to speak about and reflect on the wonderful life of our former First Lady Barbara Bush. To those who knew her, they knew the amount of love and kindness she exemplified every single day on this Earth. She was a caring and compassionate wife, mother, and grandmother who displayed true devotion to her country in all phases of her life. I had the great honor of knowing Mrs. Bush and her family. I have many fond memories of summertime with her and President Bush that my family and I will cherish forever. On April 21, the day she was laid to rest in Houston, Texas, the congrega-tion in that church and people all around the Nation remembered her with great fondness and admiration. Our country is better because of Mrs. Bush. She will always be missed, but she will never be forgotten. I hope all of you in this Chamber will join me for a moment of silence to re-member the life and legacy of former First Lady Barbara Bush. May God bless the Bush family and may God bless this great Nation that is better because of her. 
f 
b1915 ELIMINATE OBSTACLES TO STUDENT VOTERS (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speak-er, young Americans vote at the lowest rates of any age group, and this is root-ed in the unique obstacles faced by col-lege students. When students move to a new campus, often in a new State, hav-ing never voted or even registered to vote, they lack the institutional sup-port to help them navigate the voting process. That is why Senator B
OOKER and I have introduced the Help Students Vote Act. Our legislation will take 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24AP7.030 H24APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3494 April 24, 2018 
three major steps in eliminating the obstacles students face in voting. First, it requires every college and university to send voter registration information to all its students twice a year, at least 30 days before registra-tion deadlines. Second, it requires every school to designate a campus vote coordinator to answer students’ questions about vot-ing and to promote voting. And third, it encourages civic en-gagement by authorizing grants to col-leges and universities that take exem-plary action to promote political par-ticipation. The Help Students Vote Act is essen-tial and will help our country better engage the next generations of Amer-ican citizens. 
f 
TEXAS LAWMAN CHRISTOPHER GAINES (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, it is remarkable that Harris County, Texas, Precinct 4 Deputy Constable Chris-topher Gaines is alive. On April 17, Deputy Gaines and three other officers responded to a domestic violence call in Atascocita, Texas, where we both live. Approaching the house, the officers were cautious, and rightfully so. After all, Mr. Speaker, 22 percent of police officers that are shot occur during domestic violence calls. Suddenly, the outlaw dashed out of the house with his guns blazing. The deputies returned fire, but with little or no area to take cover, 2-year veteran of the force Deputy Constable Gaines was shot in the abdomen at point- blank range with a shotgun. Gaines’ wife even heard the shots from their nearby home. Gaines’ fellow officers rushed him to the hospital and put him directly into surgery. Gaines’ only thoughts were of his wife and his 4-year-old daughter, Zoey. Thanks to the good Lord, and the med-ical professionals at Memorial Her-mann, Zoey’s dad is alive. After speak-ing with him, he told me he is in high spirits and expected to recover. He is already talking about returning to work. Mr. Speaker, Deputy Christopher Gaines is one of the rare breed of American lawmen that always stand ready to protect and defend the rest of us from evildoers. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
AMERICANS DESERVE A BETTER DEAL (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, New Jer-sey’s 10th Congressional District is the home of the Port Newark-Elizabeth Marine Terminal, the largest port on the East Coast; Newark Liberty Inter-national Airport; Amtrak’s Boston-to- D.C. line, the center of that line; I–95; and Route 78 going west in this great Nation. Transportation infrastructure drives my district’s economic growth and the economy of States throughout the Northeast. The White House and congressional Republicans have spent the past year promising to rebuild America’s infra-structure, but all the American people have gotten is a raw deal that would sell off America’s infrastructure to Wall Street and leave Main Street to fill in all the potholes. The people who live in my district deserve a better deal than they are get-ting under this majority and this ad-ministration. My Democratic colleagues and I have a real plan to rebuild America. It is five times as big as the puny proposal by the White House. Democrats want to create 16 million new good-paying jobs, build bridges, clear roads, broadband, schools, water infrastruc-ture, energy grids, and transit. That is what my constituents and the Amer-ican people deserve. f 
TERM LIMITS ARE NEEDED IN CONGRESS (Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise to discuss the dire need we have for term limits in the Congress. Eighty-six percent of Ameri-cans agree, but it is possible that Con-gress doesn’t. I have introduced the Thomas Jeffer-son Public Service Act of 2018 to create a limit of 12 years without amending the Constitution, something which we all know will never happen. It is time for Congress to ‘‘fish or cut bait.’’ To the argument about the value of seniority, I would humbly suggest that we ask the 18- to 25-year old millennials in our country, these folks here, who will be voting and taking over the workforce. As you can see here, they voted massively for Demo-crats in 2016—that is the blue—and would have left an electoral college of 504 Democrats and 23 Republicans. Across the business world where I come from, employers are responding to the millennials’ lack of concern for seniority, refusal to wait their turn, and questioning deference to authority. I am not making a value judgment. I am telling you, that is the way they are; and if you want employees and good people, you have got to deal with their concerns. The digital age is dif-ferent. We Republicans have a chance of con-vincing them that we are nimble, flexi-ble, and responsive by adopting this law. If we stay in our rut, like Hamlet, we deserve our fate. AMERICA DESERVES A BETTER DEAL (Mr. TONKO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, last year, this Chamber rammed through a tax cut for billionaires and wealthy cor-porations, paid for on the backs of America’s middle class. You don’t hear them talk about it much anymore though because it was a very bad deal. This year, the President’s budget in-cludes $1.5 trillion in cuts to Medicare, and Republicans want to eliminate Medicare and turn it into a voucher. That is a bad deal. The President’s budget includes a $1.4 trillion cut to Medicaid. My Repub-lican colleagues have tried to cut Med-icaid time and time again with ACA re-peals. Those are a bad deal. Today, more than half of our seniors would live in poverty without Social Security. They rely on Medicare and Medicaid to care for them in their golden years—from doctors’ visits to prescription drugs to nursing homes. After all, seniors pay toward these pro-grams through their entire working life. Democrats have plans to strengthen Social Security, strengthen Medicare, and strengthen Medicaid. That is a bet-ter deal, and America and her people deserve a better deal. 
f 
HONORING BEN QUINN, SR. (Mr. GUTHRIE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Ben Quinn, Sr., from Glasgow, Kentucky, for his induction into the University of Kentucky Col-lege of Engineering Hall of Distinction. Ben graduated from the College of Engineering in 1966, and has over 50 years of experience in civil engineer-ing. Thirty-five years ago, he started his own company, American Engineers, Inc., with only two employees, in Glas-gow. Now, American Engineers has over 100 employees in Kentucky and Georgia. American Engineers has worked on several projects in Kentucky’s Second District, including the William H. Natcher Parkway, the Owensboro Health Regional Hospital, and the Western Kentucky University baseball field. Next week is Small Business Week, and I cannot think of a better example of building a small business from the ground up than Ben, his wife, Dianne, and his family. Ben is an outstanding member of our community, and I am proud to recognize his achievements. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 103RD AN-NIVERSARY OF THE ARMENIAN GENOCIDE (Mr. COSTA asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24AP7.054 H24APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3495 April 24, 2018 
minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to join with the Armenian community to commemorate the 103rd anniversary of the Armenian Genocide with my col-league, Congressman D
AVID VALADAO . We both represent a large constituency of Armenians in the San Joaquin Val-ley. On April 24, 1915, the Ottoman Em-pire began to systematically deport and kill 1.5 million Armenians, sending them to their death. It was systematic, it was planned. But as history has shown, the Armenian people are stronger than any attack, even geno-cide; the first genocide in the 20th cen-tury, by the way. Many Armenians settled in Califor-nia’s San Joaquin Valley, where I was raised, and now I have the honor to represent. I heard their stories of their losses with their families, but I also saw their determination, their joy, and their strength, and their contributions to our community and to our Nation. The Armenian people show us that we must move forward, but we must never forget where we are from and who we are; therefore, the Congress and the President must, sooner than later, officially go on record recog-nizing the Armenian Genocide. Tonight, I stand with the Armenian people and commemorate their spirit. As we move forward, we must never forget. 
f 
REMEMBERING LIVES LOST IN THE ARMENIAN GENOCIDE (Mr. VALADAO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember those lives lost in the Armenian Genocide more than 100 years ago. From 1915 to 1923, the Otto-man Empire engaged in the systematic and organized deportation and extermi-nation of over 2 million men, women, and children from Armenia. Today, these horrific events have become known as the Armenian Genocide. Many of those able to flee immi-grated to the United States and settled in the Central Valley of California. Today, their families continue to grow, thrive, and pass along their cultural heritage into their adopted commu-nities. The sense of loss as a result of these horrific acts runs deep, as many Arme-nian Americans personally know a friend or family member who was un-able to escape the genocide. As a re-sult, the Armenians throughout the United States have been steadfast in their efforts to continue to ensure the memory of those lost never fades. Despite the horrors of this time and broad international consensus that these events are rightfully identified as ‘‘genocide,’’ the foreign policy of the United States refuses to acknowledge what so many already know to be true. As co-chair of the Congressional Ar-menian Caucus, I ask my colleagues in the House of Representatives to stand with me in recognizing and remem-bering the 2 million lives who were lost or forever changed by these tragic events. f 
AMERICA’S RETIREES HAVE EARNED A BETTER DEAL ON PENSION SECURITY (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, for more than 30 years, greedy corporate chief-tains, enabled by the Republican Party, have chip, chip, chipped away at workers’ rights, decent wages, and se-cure pension benefits. In fact, they have even moved corporations to penny-wage environments, all in the name of preventing workers from im-proving their lives here and the lives of their families. Our latest fight is to ensure pension security for retirees who have already paid into their earned benefits. Since 2014, we have fought to protect millions of multi-employer pensioners at risk of insolvency. Pensioners should yield what they were guaranteed. Democrats have proposed solutions to ensure these retirees get a better deal. We have rallied behind the Butch Lewis Act, which has 156 cosponsors, including Republicans. But where is the House Republican leadership? Instead of helping retirees across this Nation with pension secu-rity, they forced passage of a $1 trillion tax cut for the rich. This should tell you all you need to know about the Re-publicans’ raw deal. Our 2018 recent funding bill vote se-cured a Committee on Pension Sol-vency that is tasked to find a solution by the end of this year. America’s re-tirees shouldn’t be let down. They have earned a better deal. 
f 
HONORING JENNIFER O’BRIEN, 2018 NEW YORK MOTHER OF THE YEAR (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a dear friend, Jen-nifer O’Brien, of Binghamton, New York. She was recently designated as the 2018 New York Mother of the Year. Jennifer has dedicated her life to help-ing others and especially those who have been less fortunate. Jennifer is the mother of two beau-tiful children, both of whom have cere-bral palsy. Along with her full-time job at Health Processes, Jennifer serves as the executive director of Life Is Wash-able and as the executive director of the American Special Hockey Associa-tion. Through Life is Washable, Jennifer has implemented innovative programs which have allowed children with spe-cial needs to play sports and partici-pate in community events with their families. In addition to serving over 50,000 people with these programs, Jen-nifer serves over 3,000 members of the American Special Hockey Association. She is also responsible for the con-struction of the largest accessible play-ground in New York State, known as OurSpace at Rec Park in Binghamton, New York. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recog-nizing Jennifer O’Brien’s outstanding accomplishments as a wife, a mother, and an advocate. Jennifer is one of those rare individuals who possesses endless energy, integrity, courage, te-nacity, and compassion. f 
b1930 HONORING THE VICTIMS OF THE WAFFLE HOUSE SHOOTING IN TENNESSEE (Mr. COOPER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. COOPER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the victims of a deadly mass shooting at a Waffle House in An-tioch, Tennessee, early on the morning of Sunday, April 22. Four young, promising lives were lost: Joe R. Perez, DeEbony Groves, Taurean C. Sanderlin, and Akilah DaSilva. They crossed paths at the res-taurant expecting nothing more than good food. Now four young lives are lost, and we mourn with their families and friends. I would also like to recognize Mr. James Shaw, Jr., a native Nashvillian and an American hero. Mr. Shaw brave-ly stopped this attack from being even worse. His courageous and decisive ac-tion saved many lives. Now, Mr. Shaw doesn’t consider himself a hero, but his actions clearly prove that he is a hero. He gave us hope on one of our darkest days. We are heartbroken for the tragic loss of life, but we are heartened and proud of our hometown hero. May we remember Mr. Shaw’s words: 
I hope that we can bring violence to an end in all facets, not just gun violence, but all vi-olence. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the vic-tims of a deadly mass shooting at a Waffle House in Antioch, Tennessee, on the morning of Sunday, April 22. Four young, promising lives were lost, and two other people were injured. Today we mourn Joe R. Perez, 20 years old, who moved to Nashville to live with his grandmother and work at his brother’s business; DeEbony Groves, 21, a senior at Belmont University who was weeks from earning a degree in so-cial work; Taurean C. Sanderlin, 29, a Waffle House employee who was outside on a break; and Akilah DaSilva, 23, a student and aspiring musician. They crossed paths at the Waffle House, expecting nothing more than good food. Now, four young lives are lost. We mourn with their families, friends, and the Anti-och community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K24AP7.056 H24APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3496 April 24, 2018 
I would also like to recognize Mr. James Shaw, Jr. a native Nashvillian and an Amer-ican hero. Mr. Shaw bravely stopped this at-tack from being even worse. His courageous and decisive actions saved many lives. In Mr. Shaw’s own words, he ‘‘saw an opportunity and took it.’’ Later Sunday morning, after receiving treat-ment for his own injuries, Mr. Shaw went home to see his family. He is a loving father to his 4-year-old daughter, Brooklyn. He then went to the church he has attended since he was a baby. Mr. Shaw’s greatest concern is for the other victims, and he has organized a fund to support them. Mr. Shaw doesn’t consider himself a hero, but his actions clearly prove otherwise. Mr. Shaw gave us hope on one of Nashville’s darkest days, and he embodies the very best of our community. We are forever grateful for his bravery and his willingness to put his own life at risk in order to save others. We are both heartbroken for the tragic loss of lives but proud of our hometown hero. This tragedy will not define our city. We are grateful to people all across America who have sup-ported our community with prayers and finan-cial support. May we all remember Mr. Shaw’s words: ‘‘I hope we can bring violence in all facets—not just gun violence, but all facets of violence— to an end.’’ 
f 
CELEBRATING NATIONAL SMALL BUSINESS WEEK (Mr. MARSHALL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, April 29 through May 5 is National Small Business Week. Recent studies and surveys have shown that small business optimism is at an all-time high, and I have seen that firsthand with the businesses I have met throughout the big First Dis-trict in Kansas. Today, I rise to recognize the hard work and perseverance our small-busi-ness owners have and acknowledge their critical role in our local commu-nities. In the United States, small busi-nesses create about two out of every three jobs per year, and more than half of Americans either own or work for a small business. Over the past year and a half, I have had the opportunity to have meaning-ful conversations with many of the small businesses across my district. From Superior Boilerworks in Hutch-inson to Midwest Energy in Hays, I have listened and learned about the issues they face and the ways that Con-gress can better support small busi-nesses in Kansas. Due to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, I am proud that small businesses will now work with lower tax rates and a fairer Tax Code. From big cities to small towns, entrepreneurs and small- business owners across the country are creating jobs and contributing to the growth of local economies. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to join me in celebrating our small-business leaders. HONORING THE LIFE OF PATRICIA ‘‘PATI’’ MESTAS (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Patricia ‘‘Pati’’ Mestas. Pati was a good mother to her three children, eight grandchildren, and one great-grandchild. Patricia was a retired gas station and convenience store worker who loved country music and traveling. Patricia would go to almost every country show within driving distance of her house. One of her favorite artists was Jason Aldean, and she was excited to see him perform at the Route 91 festival on Oc-tober 1 in Las Vegas. Patricia loved to laugh and smile. She had a fun-loving spirit and was young at heart. Patricia is remembered for being outgoing, likable, and being sensitive to other people’s concerns and problems. I would like to extend my condo-lences to Patricia Mestas’ family and friends. Please know that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and the whole country grieve with you. f 
HONORING MOLLY SALMI (Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a member of the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce staff who is retiring after more than 29 years of public service. Molly McLaughlin Salmi began her congressional career as a staff assist-ant on the committee in the 100th Con-gress. She rose through the ranks and has served as Deputy Director of Work-force Policy for the last 16 years. Eight committee chairs, Republicans and Democrats, have had the benefit of Molly’s guidance, direction, and honest feedback. Molly may be the longest serving member of the committee’s workforce staff, but she has the heart of an educator. Long ago, she established herself as a trustworthy, wise, and encouraging mentor to members of the committee staff. As an educator myself, I know it sometimes isn’t easy to share what you know with someone one-on-one, to watch them try, sometimes fail, and get back up again. Molly has not only made mentoring look easy, but she has set a standard for paying it forward that we should all strive to reach. Mr. Speaker, we wish Molly all the best, and we will miss her more than she will ever know. 
f 
BETTER DEAL VERSUS RAW DEAL (Mrs. BUSTOS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, for too many hardworking families, job oppor-tunities are down, medical bills are up, and wages are flat—and people are sick and tired of getting a raw deal from Washington. Let me tell you what a raw deal looks like. I met a homecare nurse who lives near me. She works full time. Her hus-band works full time, too. All they want to do is give their two kids the best childhood they possibly can. But they can’t even afford to take their kids to the movies because tickets and popcorn and soda are just a little too much. When I asked what they do for fun, she said they have cable tele-vision. So how are we supposed to explain to a family like this, who can only give their kids the Disney Channel instead of Disney World, that the majority in Congress just gave $3.5 billion in tax-payer funds to the six largest banks on Wall Street? That is a raw deal, and it is wrong. Instead, we should fight every single day to give a better deal, built on a foundation of better jobs, better pay, and a better future for all Americans. f 
CELEBRATING THE ARMY RESERVE’S 110TH BIRTHDAY (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, April 23, the Army Reserve marked 110 years in service to the Army and the United States of America, evolving from the Medical Reserve Corps in 1908 to the most capable, combat-ready, and lethal Federal Reserve force in our Nation’s history. I rise to say thank you to our sol-diers, both past and present, and their families for serving all these years. In today’s full-spectrum environ-ment, America’s Armed Forces must be prepared to respond quickly to capable and sophisticated high-end threats. They must conduct sustained counter-terrorist operations, and they must deter aggression in multiple regions of the world while simultaneously defend-ing the homeland. The Army Reserve has a congression-ally authorized strength of 199,000 sol-diers, more than 11,000 civilians, and 2,075 units. The Army Reserve accounts for 20 percent of the Army’s organized units and provides nearly half the Army’s total maneuver support. Mr. Speaker, I wholeheartedly thank the Army Reserve for defending our Nation with honor and distinction for the past 110 years. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF JOE BILL DICKERSON (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to remember the life of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24AP7.044 H24APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3497 April 24, 2018 
Mr. Joe Bill Dickerson, who passed away on March 24 at the age of 88. Mr. Dickerson was raised in Homerville, Georgia, in Georgia’s First Congressional District, and truly worked hard throughout his life to make this world a better place. After graduating from college with an agriculture degree, Mr. Dickerson enlisted in the Air Force, training in chemical, biological, and radiological warfare. He served in the Air Force until 1953, when he went on to phar-macy school at the University of Geor-gia. Mr. Dickerson served in many levels of pharmacy. He worked in pharma-ceutical sales, at a hospital, a local pharmacy, and even became a phar-macy professor at the University of Georgia. Today, pharmacists like myself work throughout the State of Georgia who learned their craft under the watchful eye of an experienced Mr. Joe Bill Dickerson. His expertise, colorful per-sonality, and dedication to the better-ment of others will truly be missed. 
f 
A GOOD DEAL, A BETTER DEAL, AND A RAW DEAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, it is good to be back here on the floor to talk about a good deal, a better deal, and a raw deal. But before I get into a discussion about how we can move this Nation forward and how our colleagues on the other side are really taking us in the wrong direction, I want to put this up for us to take a look at. I suspect I caught your attention having it upside down. I did that on purpose. I often start these discussions with this. It is from FDR, one of his great speeches. He said: ‘‘The test of our progress is not whether we add more to the abundance of those who have much; it is whether we provide enough for those who have too little.’’ I keep coming to this because it is a statement of values. It is a statement of direction. It is a statement of what I believe we should be doing as Mem-bers of Congress and as leaders of this Nation. ‘‘The test of our progress is not whether we add more to the abundance of those who have much; it is whether we provide enough for those who have too little.’’ My Democratic colleagues and I take this to heart, and we try to structure our policies, our programs, and the di-rection in which we want our country to go along this line, to make sure that those in our Nation, those in our com-munity, those in our States, and even within our families, that they have enough—enough of the wealth of this Nation so that they can enjoy the fruits of their work, so that as they labor that 8 hours or 10 hours or 12 hours a day that they put in, it pro-vides them with enough income so that they can have what we learned from our Founding Fathers: happiness. That is not where we are today. That is not what is happening today. Yes, the economy is moving. Yes, the unem-ployment rate is down. But this Con-gress has just passed a monumental tax scam back in December, presumably to grow the economy, and when you look at that, it is not a better deal, which is what we Democrats want for America. We want a better deal, one in which healthcare costs come under control, where prescription drugs can be avail-able, where we have a real infrastruc-ture program that actually will build the sanitation systems, the water sys-tems, dealing with those communities like those in Michigan that have con-taminated water and those in my State of California where the wells go dry— and if they are not dry, those wells are contaminated. b1945 We want a better deal for America so that the minimum wage actually pro-vides sufficient income so that a fam-ily cannot only survive, but be able to pay the rent, be able to educate their kids, be able to put food on the table, and maybe even have a vacation. We want a better deal for America. We want a country that is internation-ally competitive. We want a better deal for America’s mariners, not where the maritime industry continues to decline as it has for the last 20, 30 years, but rather where it is built up. Legislation such as I proposed that would require that a certain percent-age, a small percentage, of the natural gas, one of our vital natural resources; and our oil, another vital natural re-source, that it be shipped overseas on American ships with American sailors, who can continue to provide the nec-essary support for our military so that our shipyards can build those LNG con-tainer ships as well as the oil ships. We want a better deal for America. That is what we are here for. There are so many things. How about an edu-cation? Why should it be that here in America the Federal Government pro-vides student loans, not at the lowest possible interest rate, which would be the borrowing rate for the Federal Gov-ernment plus maybe one-half of a per-cent for administrative purposes, but oh, no, our Federal Government charges maybe twice as much as what the Federal Government could actually borrow money for. So the markup is like 100 percent. That is a raw deal for America. And we tried to change that with policy changes that would allow for the refi-nancing of student loans. We want a better deal for those students as they come out of school, not burdened by heavy debt, but, rather, able to start a family, buy a car, buy a home, start a small business. But oh, no, somehow our Republican colleagues won’t con-sider refinancing student loans. Ameri-cans are able to refinance their homes, but not their student loans. Something is wrong here. We want a better deal for America. There are so many poli-cies. We want a strong, capable military, but we also want a smart military. We want a government that will protect us from cyber hacking. Look what has happened to America. We basically have allowed the Russians to hack into our energy systems, into our power grids. That is not a good deal for Amer-ica. So where is the Federal Govern-ment stopping that? What action has the President taken to protect our electorate, to protect our policies? There is one raw deal after another— when we offer a better deal, an active Federal Government that will protect us in cybersecurity. That is what we want. We can’t get it. We can’t do that now because our Republican colleagues are controlling the House. What they offered us was a tax scam that is lead-ing to one raw deal after another raw deal. Let’s understand exactly what has happened here with this tax policy. Perhaps we could see it best here. In the tax scam, the GOP gives to the rich and makes every other American pay for it. They do it in just three easy steps. First of all, they cut taxes for the rich. I don’t know what you have heard about this tax deal that passed with great fanfare just before Christmas and the President went down to Mar-a- Lago just after he signed it. He talked to all of his rich buddies and said: I have made you so much more wealthy. Indeed, he did—$1.5 trillion-plus, plus more than that. Tax cuts, who got them? Eighty-three percent of all of that money went to American corpora-tions and to the top 1 percent—$1 tril-lion and more. It is a raw deal for Americans—a tax scam of unprece-dented proportions, foisted upon the American public as though somehow it would be good for them. That is step one. They said this tax bill will pay for itself. The essence of trickle-down eco-nomics is what it was. And so what is the next thing that happens? Well, when they passed this bill, there wasn’t a deficit hawk to be found on the Re-publican side of this House. Not one word did I hear from the deficit hawks as they ramped through this tax scam without one public hearing here in the House of Representatives. No account-ant came in, no tax lawyer came in on a public hearing. Slam, bang, done. It was done—done in for Americans. Oh, the deficit hawks weren’t exterminated. They are not an endan-gered species. They just simply mi-grated out of town. Guess what? They are back. The deficit hawks are back, and they are back with a vengeance. They are back with a plan that will rip the guts out of programs that Ameri-cans depend upon: Social Security, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24AP7.060 H24APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3498 April 24, 2018 
Medicare, Medicaid, food stamps. Oh, yes, they are back, because they ex-ploded the deficit. They exploded the deficit. We will have close to a $1 trillion deficit this year. It started at $440 billion before the great tax scam and now added on to it. Next year—let’s just take a look. People say: Oh, you are just a politi-cian. You are just up here talking. Here is some real news, not fake news. Real news. And this comes from—well, let’s see, ‘‘Republican tax cuts to fuel historic deficits: CBO,’’ reported by Reuters, April, 2018. ‘‘Deficit to top $1 trillion per year by 2020, CBO says,’’ reported in The Wash-ington Post, April 9, 2018. ‘‘CBO: GOP policies add nearly $1.6 trillion to deficit,’’ Axios, April 9, 2018. Here is one in The Wall Street Jour-nal: ‘‘. . . wider than previously ex-pected budget deficits and a mostly temporary spurt in economic growth.’’ Real news, not fake news. So the deficit has exploded and so the deficit hawks return to town, and what do they want? Well, now they demand big cuts—big, beautiful cuts to: Medi-care, nearly $1 trillion; Social Secu-rity, half a trillion; education; Med-icaid. That is what the deficit hawks want because they have come to under-stand that their big, beautiful tax scam really is sending this country into a huge deficit for years to come. So here is what they propose to do: Republicans will cut Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid to pay for their tax scam. Says who? Says the Speaker of the House. ‘‘Ryan says Republicans to target welfare, Medicare, Medicaid spending in 2018,’’ his words reported in The Washington Post, December 6, 2017. ‘‘Top Republicans are already talking about cutting Medicare and Social Se-curity next,’’ reported by Vox news, December 20, 2017. ‘‘House GOP Budget Plan Cuts Medi-care and Social Security,’’ The Atlan-tic. ‘‘Trump Proposes to Cut Medicare and Spend Big on Wall, Defense’’—his budget. You heard some of my col-leagues talk about this earlier. So what did the tax scam bring us? A raw deal—a raw deal for millions upon millions of Americans. We want to do it better. We want a better deal for Americans. We can con-trol prescription drugs if we had the votes. We could allow the Federal Gov-ernment to negotiate prices for drugs given to or provided for Medicare re-cipients, Medicaid recipients, and oth-ers. We could do it. It is a simple law. We can do an expansion. We can maintain the expansion of the Afford-able Care Act so that some 16 million, 18 million Americans could stay on Medicaid around the country. In Cali-fornia, 3.5 million Americans are po-tentially going to lose their healthcare insurance if the Republicans have their way with Medicaid cuts. That is a lot of people. That is a lot of families that are not going to have insurance. The majority of children now born in California and in many other States are on Medicaid. We call it Medi-Cal in California. So what of them? What of those children? What kind of a healthy start will they have? Speaking of Healthy Start, it was one of the programs that the President proposed be cut. What sense does that make? All so that the tax scam can give $1.5 trillion to American corpora-tions and to the 1 percent. Trickle- down economics—oh, they said it works. Really? They say it works. Does it really work? Well, let’s take an example. I talked a moment ago about drugs. The most expensive illnesses in this Nation are dementia and Alzheimer’s. One dollar out of every $5 spent by Medicare today is spent for that. And as the baby boomer population grows and a per-centage of our population grows into their later years, Alzheimer’s is going to bust the bank. One of the great American drug com-panies, Pfizer, had a major Alzheimer’s research program underway to look for that miracle drug to understand what Alzheimer’s is all about, how the brain works or doesn’t work. So they re-ceived a $3 billion or $4 billion tax re-duction in the GOP tax scam. They im-mediately turned around, terminated the Alzheimer’s research program that they were conducting, and spent the money on stock buybacks and in-creased dividends. Do you know what that does? A stock buyback will increase the price per share because there are fewer shares outstanding. Do you know who bene-fits? You got it: the corporation execu-tives, because their pay is based upon an increase in the value of the stock— not in more and better drugs, not in hiring more people, not in more re-search, but only by manipulating the price of the stock earnings per share. That is what the tax scam did, and it is repeated all across this country. Oh, I know, they promised a one-time bonus, not an increase over the years in the salaries and the wages paid to workers, but a one-time bonus. Less than 13 percent of the reduced tax ben-efit to corporations has gone to pay for salaries and wages. b2000 That is what the tax scam did. It is the ultimate trickle down. The Demo-crats want a better deal for America. We have had enough raw deals. We know that there is a possibility should our proposals on infrastructure be taken seriously by our Republican ma-jority: programs such as P
ETER DEFA-
ZIO’s A Penny for Progress, with seri-ous infrastructure, over time putting 16 million people to work; programs such as I proposed dealing with the ex-port of natural gas and oil and that it be on American ships—not all of it, just a small percentage of it. We could build 50 to 100 ships and put mariners to work and, at the same time, provide the necessary ocean transport for our military. We need real Make It In America policies, not something soft and fluffy, but real, strong Make It In America policies, so if we are going to spend your taxpayer dollars, those taxpayer dollars would be spent on goods and services made in America. How many years have I been talking about Make It In America policies? Through our efforts, we were able to increase, a little bit, the percentage of made in America for the highway dol-lars. We are not where we ought to be. We ought to bump that up to 80, 90, 100 percent so that we can really manufac-ture once again in America. All the talk of the President doesn’t deal with this unless you write a law that says your tax dollars will be spent on American-made equipment and services, not on stuff imported from China. No. We are going to continue to push the Make It In America policy as one of the elements of a better deal, a real deal, and not a raw deal. You are going to hear a lot about this in the days to come. You will hear a lot about this in the days to come because we believe Franklin Delano Roosevelt when he said the test of our progress is not when we add more to the abundance of those who have much. The test of progress is an F grade given to the President and to the GOP, to my Republican colleagues, when they passed the great tax scam of 2017 and gave a trillion dollars-plus to the superwealthy, to the Wall Street bank-ers, and to America’s big, wealthy cor-porations that had so much gas they didn’t know what to do with it before there was a tax cut. So they give it back to Wall Street. The test of our progress is not when we add more to the abundance of those who have much—and here is where we are as Democrats—it is whether we provide enough. It is for those young mothers out there who need maternity care and who will deliver a baby on the Medicaid programs across this Nation. Those are the people we care about. We want young men and women to have a good education. I am sure the superwealthy can take care of them-selves. They don’t need a Pell grant. They don’t need more. But I will tell you that a child who, let’s say, is 16, 17, ready to go to college and his father is earning a minimum wage, there is no way that family can support that kid in college. He will take out a loan and the Federal Government will rip him off with an interest rate twice what the Federal Government can borrow money for. The test of our progress is what we do for those who have too little. That is our mantra. That is how we see a better deal for Americans. FDR was right. We will work to see that it hap-pens in America. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:21 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24AP7.062 H24APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3499 April 24, 2018 
WELCOMING FRENCH PRESIDENT EMMANUEL MACRON The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. W
ILSON ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the mi-nority leader. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, as we begin this evening, I want to begin in my service as co-chair of the French Caucus to welcome Em-manuel Macron, President of France, to Washington. South Carolina is especially appre-ciative of France, with our shared her-itage, particularly as we are very grateful for the Marquis de Lafayette, who was so vital in the American Revo-lution and who actually began his serv-ice landing in Georgetown, South Caro-lina. It is very significant. I have col-leagues from South Carolina, North Carolina, and even Florida. We are very grateful to point out that, here in the House Chamber, is an indication of the affection the American people have for France. There are only two portraits here in the House Chamber: President George Washington and the Marquis de Lafay-ette. So it is quite revealing that, in-deed, there is great love and affection for America’s first ally, and how excit-ing it is that he has arrived here in Washington. We are looking forward to the joint session as he speaks to Con-gress and the American people tomor-row morning. 
TAX REFORM  
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Last year, House Republicans made history by passing the first meaningful tax cuts in 32 years. The last time our Tax Code was updated, ‘‘Top Gun’’ was the top movie, ‘‘The Oprah Winfrey Show’’ first aired across the Nation, and the Dow Jones Industrial Average ended the year at 1,895. For context, today, the Dow Jones Industrial Average is over 24,000 points, which is an increase of nearly 8,000 points, which is a nearly 20 percent in-crease since the day that President Donald Trump was elected. From that day, the stock market has had a re-markable increase because of faith in his business ability, his acumen, and, I believe, the success that Republicans would have to cut taxes, cut regula-tions, and create jobs. Despite how much our economy has changed, we were still operating on a tax structure designed in 1986. But last year, House and Senate Republicans came together, inspired by President Donald Trump, to make the Tax Code more fair, more simple, and less bur-densome for the middle class, which then, of course, yields to the increase in the stock market, which benefits all Americans. I am grateful that families all across America today are already seeing the direct benefits of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, with the leadership of our chairman of the Ways and Means Com-mittee, KEVIN BRADY ; the extraor-dinary service of Speaker P
AULRYAN; our leader, K
EVIN MCCARTHY ; our Con-ference chair, C
ATHY MCMORRIS ROD-
GERS ; and also our secretary of the Conference, V
IRGINIA FOXX of North Carolina. The jobs have been created in such a remarkable way that African-American unemployment is at the lowest level since the Bureau of Labor Statistics started tracking it in 1972. Hispanic un-employment is the lowest it has ever been recorded. The level of unemploy-ment for American women is at the lowest rate in over 20 years. It was re-ported today that 14 States also have record-low unemployment due to new jobs by reducing regulations and taxes, a positive agenda. We are here to highlight stories from across North Carolina and South Caro-lina of everyday families and small- business owners getting to keep more of their own hard-earned income. I will first yield to my good friend Congressman R
ALPH NORMAN , who rep-resents the Fifth District of South Carolina. Congressman N
ORMAN was just elected in a special election last year, but already he has been here to make a difference on behalf of the peo-ple of South Carolina and the United States. With his background as a real estate developer, he and his wife, Elaine, have proven how to create jobs. Congressman R
ALPH NORMAN . Mr. NORMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to tell you that the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is working. It is working in South Carolina’s Fifth Congressional District, and it is working across the country. It is working for individuals and families who are seeing more money in their paychecks each month, and it is working for the companies that are investing the savings from tax reform into their employees. Over the past few weeks, I have spo-ken with and visited the businesses of South Carolina that are putting these savings right back into the local com-munities. Early this month, LPL Fi-nancial announced that they will be in-vesting these savings into their em-ployees by increasing its 401(k) match to 75 percent and reducing the time for new hires to qualify for this match by 6 months. As Congressman W
ILSON said, this personally touches 2,000 constituents in the Fifth District of South Carolina. That is 2,000 more families that now have a greater opportunity to save and see the light of a brighter future ahead. Mr. Speaker, just today, I visited a UPS store in Gaffney, South Carolina. Because of tax reform, UPS has an-nounced over $12 billion in investments and an increase in pension funding. During my UPS visit, I put on a uni-form and assisted a delivery driver dur-ing a ride-along. I heard directly from the hardworking employees about how this news will impact them and all of their loved ones. I don’t think I speak just for myself when I say that we want jobs to come and stay in America. We want busi-nesses to expand and to hire people in our communities. By reducing tax rates and simplifying the Tax Code, we are allowing companies to make these investments in their employees, in their communities, and in growing their businesses. I look forward to continued opportu-nities to learn, see, and talk about the success of this tax reform. We promised fairer taxes, higher wages, and more jobs. As Congressman WILSON says, we have delivered. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gen-tleman for his citation about UPS. I have had the same honor to put on the brown uniform to deliver packages. I found out something: the UPS employ-ees—also FedEx, DHL, and others—are remarkable people delivering Amer-ican-made products to the American people. What wonderful companies these are, and what wonderful employ-ees they are. Now I would like to go over some of the specific positive changes to our Tax Code that occurred under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. An average middle class family in South Carolina will save $2,311 thanks to the tax cuts. The child tax credit was doubled. I want to give a lot of credit because the reason it was doubled was the great work of our U.S. Senator T
IMSCOTT, working with Ivanka Trump Kushner. This was their effort to work to make this child friendly, family friendly, looking out particularly for persons who are single-parent households. The child tax credit was doubled, from $1,000 to $2,000, making it easier for sin-gle mothers and new families to pro-vide for their children. The bill also removed the mandate that required you to buy healthcare or pay a penalty. So now people aren’t pe-nalized by the government for not being able to afford healthcare and health insurance. The standard deduction doubled to $24,000 for married couples filing joint-ly. This makes it simpler for couples to file their taxes because they will use the standard deduction and won’t have to itemize their return. Corporations that employ people cre-ate jobs. Their tax cuts dropped from 35 percent to 21 percent. Time and time again, I have heard from businessowners who plan to use their extra income to reinvest in the com-pany, create jobs, provide bonuses, and raise wages. When taxes are low, busi-nesses thrive and jobs are created in the Reagan tradition. I am grateful for the leadership of Speaker P
AUL RYAN, House Ways and Means Committee Chairman B
RADY , and I appreciate the opportunity of working with them, in addition to President Donald Trump, for delivering meaningful tax relief to the American people. They deserve it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24AP7.064 H24APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3500 April 24, 2018 
Local success of the law was first heralded in the Second Congressional District of South Carolina, the central part of South Carolina, by Lou and Bill Kennedy of Nephron Pharmaceuticals in Cayce, announcing 125 new jobs and a 5 percent pay increase. They said that they made this decision as a di-rect result of the tax bill. In fact, I am really grateful that Lou put together a barbecue where I was present with Governor Henry McMaster and Attorney General Alan Wilson. She made the announcement right there at the barbecue to the ex-traordinary employees of Nephron Pharmaceuticals. They may have been the first; they were certainly not the last. I was so grateful. I was going through Walgreen’s to pick up some pictures that I was hav-ing developed and I ran into Bill Mooneyhan. Bill is the president of the local Cayce-West Columbia Chamber of Commerce. He announced: Hey, Joe, because of the tax savings, our busi-ness, our auto repair shop, is going to add a new bay and create new jobs. I said: Hey, Bill, because you an-nounced this to me, you have just vol-unteered for a press conference, which I am really grateful that we were able to have with the National Federation of Independent Business, NFIB, led by Ben Homeyer in South Carolina. b2015 NFIB is the largest small business or-ganization in America, and it is bot-tom’s up. The leadership really follows the directions of their local members. So all of us truly appreciate NFIB. In February, I visited with Norman Dunagan, owner of Whiskey Alley res-taurant and Dumpster Depot, which is a recycling facility in Aiken, South Carolina. I took this opportunity to congratulate him on his expansion re-sulting from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. He opened a third business last year due to the confidence in President Donald Trump and the House Repub-lican leadership. All three of his small businesses are thriving and providing much-needed new jobs. That day I also met with Clancy Cipkala, president and CEO of Solara Hospitality of West Columbia. Solara Hospitality is providing bonuses for their hotel hourly associates due to the tax cuts passed by the Republicans. In Orangeburg, South Carolina, South State Bank provided a $1,000 bonus to their employees. In a rural area like Orangeburg, a $1,000 bonus can make a huge difference for families. It can pro-vide an opportunity for families to buy extra school supplies, pay down debt, make an investment in the future, start or add to an emergency fund, or take a much-needed family vacation. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the distin-guished congressman from North Caro-lina (Mr. P
ITTENGER ), who represents the beautiful Ninth District of North Carolina, which includes substantially the extraordinary city of Charlotte, which is such a center for job creation of the Carolinas. Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his leadership and for providing this opportunity to-night for us to highlight the signifi-cance and the importance of this tax bill for the American people. Mr. Speaker, when I lived in Wash-ington, D.C., in 1980, it came out of the malaise of an economy that wasn’t growing. No jobs, no opportunity. And Ronald Reagan had a vision for a dif-ferent America, and I worked hard on his campaign. He changed the whole structure of our Tax Code and reduced the regulations that moved this econ-omy forward. Unprecedented growth in jobs. Eighteen million jobs came out of that economy. And that is what this vision of Presi-dent Trump and this Congress is about today. Who would have thought a year ago—just a year ago—that America would be experiencing what it is today: companies like Apple reinvesting $350 billion; ExxonMobil, $50 billion. You have unemployment that has plum-meted to a 49-year low. U.S. manufac-turing is expanding at the fastest rate in 14 years. Consumer confidence is at a 17-year high. Wages are up. Opportu-nities are up. I had a gentleman come to me just this last week who owns two res-taurants in Charlotte. He said: Thank you for your tax cut. I am now going to expand and build another restaurant out at the lake, and I can do that be-cause I have got the capital to go rein-vest. You know, we have constrained this economy and the American people by these burdensome tax rates that are not competitive. Companies have been going to the rest of the world—Ireland, U.K., Germany—and leaving America because we weren’t competitive with our Tax Code. Now they are coming back. Now companies in America are expanding. You take just an individual. I had a lady at a gas station the other day. I was getting my gas, and she was pump-ing her gas. She looked at me, and she said: Are you Congressman PITTENGER ? I said: Yes, ma’am. She said: Thank you. I am a single mom. I have got that little baby in the back seat, and what you have done for me is give me an-other $150 a month, and I really can’t tell you how much I appreciate what you are doing. Eighty-two percent of American peo-ple are going to get a pay raise. They are getting it right now. And that is the difference. The proof is in the pay-check. Americans know that. Regard-less of what the left says, the media says, or anyone else, the reality is jobs are expanding, paychecks are going up, people are getting bonuses. In Charlotte alone, we have Bank of America giving out bonuses; we have Charlotte Pipe and Foundry, SteelFab, American Airlines, so many. Five hun-dred companies in this country have given out bonuses to their folks, and probably so many more we don’t know about. So I want to commend Chairman WILSON for his leadership. I thank him for making sure that the American people know what is yet to come. We have just scratched the surface on the opportunity and the growth and the jobs that will be there for the Amer-ican people. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for the points he makes of where people can look at their paycheck and see they are keeping more of their own money. This is not from the government. This is their own money. How important this is, and how it enables families to have a better life. And for the young people of our country, how positive this is. I thank the gentleman for reiterating that point. The Business Roundtable, an associa-tion of America’s largest employers, is reporting that tax reform has already produced wage increases, bonuses, in-creased matches for retirement sav-ings, lower prices for consumers, in-vestment in facilities, and tens of thou-sands of new American jobs as a direct result of tax reform. As I indicated, we have the lowest unemployment among African Ameri-cans ever. We have the lowest unem-ployment among Hispanics since it has ever been determined. It is so exciting. Fourteen States have the lowest level of unemployment in recorded history. Among women, we have the lowest level of unemployment in 20 years. Ev-erybody benefits from the tax cuts. This is so positive. The Business Roundtable members alone have provided over $545 million in bonuses to their employees, with bo-nuses, wage increases, and a range of other employee benefits to 1.6 million workers, along with $1.2 billion in char-itable contributions. According to the Tax Foundation, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will significantly lower marginal tax rates and the cost of capital, which would lead to a 1.7 percent increase in the gross domestic product over the long term, 1.5 percent higher wages, and an additional 339,000 full-time equivalent jobs. They also say it will spur an addi-tional $1 trillion in Federal revenue from economic growth, with approxi-mately $600 billion coming from the bill’s permanent provisions and ap-proximately $400 billion from the bill’s temporary provisions over the budget window. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the congress-woman from the Fifth District of North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX). Congress-woman F
OXXis secretary of the Repub-lican Conference, she is a remarkably determined former community college president, and she also is very much appreciated as the chairman of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. Then she is particularly fortunate; she lives and has a beautiful home in Grandfather Mountain, North Carolina, some of the most beautiful mountains in the world of western North Carolina. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24AP7.066 H24APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3501 April 24, 2018 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I thank Con-gressman W
ILSON for leading the Spe-cial Order on the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. I will agree with him; the Lord has blessed me with living in one of the most beautiful places in the world, the Fifth District of North Carolina. I am very, very grateful for it. Last week, tax day was, for once, an occasion to celebrate because this was the last time Americans filed under the broken 32-year-old Tax Code. Next tax season, they will file under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act passed by this Con-gress last December. Across the Fifth District of North Carolina, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act has already relieved North Carolinians who are cashing bigger paychecks and benefiting from the country’s lowest unemployment rate since 2000. Accord-ing to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, North Carolina added 9,000 jobs this February alone. And thanks to lower rates for individuals and small busi-nesses under the new code, North Caro-linians are keeping more of their hard- earned money. And as Congressman W
ILSON points out, it is their money, not the government’s money. This year, married couples in the Fifth District who take the new stand-ard deduction could receive a tax cut to the tune of $1,834. For the over 52,000 taxpayers of the Fifth District who have small business income, these tax savings are not crumbs, as my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle falsely assert. A restaurant owner in Mount Airy recently told me that al-lowing immediate capital expensing under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act em-powered her to purchase a new $20,000 piece of equipment for her business. You spoke of the Business Round-table. The Business Roundtable reports that 68 percent of business leaders similarly expect their capital spending in the next 6 months to be at its high-est in 15 years. This increased pur-chasing power for the backbone of our economy is evidence that progrowth tax cuts work. Continued growth is also expected by the Congressional Budget Office. The CBO estimates, for every one-tenth percent increase in GDP, nearly $270 billion is added to revenue over 10 years. After years of malaise under the Obama administration, even modest in-creases in GDP growth caused by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will substan-tially contribute to a leveling off of the deficit. And for the first time since 2008, the CBO’s budget and economic outlook revised its upward economic potential for 2018. Under current condi-tions, it notes that 3.5 percent growth is possible. In further good news, Fifth District businesses share this optimism and are investing more in their employees and communities. Just last week, as part of its initiative to invest in community health with its tax savings, BlueCross and BlueShield of North Carolina gave $1 million to Winston-Salem State Uni-versity’s nursing school. North Caro-lina is projected to have the second largest nurse shortage in the Nation. This investment will develop the Fifth District’s medical workforce and in-crease access to high-quality healthcare, especially in rural areas. This is just one of the many exam-ples that illustrates how philanthropy has fostered and communities are de-veloped when the government scales back. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased that House Republicans kept our promise to bring about more jobs, fairer taxes, and big-ger paychecks for hardworking Ameri-cans; but I am more proud of the hard-working men and women in the Fifth District who are seizing the opportuni-ties unleashed by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act to create wealth and serve their communities. Again, I thank Congressman WILSON  for his leadership on this Special Order and for allowing us to correct the record that has been distorted about this bill and bring to the American people the facts about this wonderful Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairwoman V
IRGINIA  F
OXX for her comments. And I thank her, as an educator, for educating the American people and bringing to the attention of the American people the real facts of the benefits of the tax cuts. Congress today appreciates that Americans should keep their hard- earned tax dollars, and it is shocking to hear the other side of the aisle say that they would repeal the tax cuts if they get a majority in the House come November, resulting in tax increases on American families, destroying jobs. Sadly, I suspect a lot of families and businesses being highlighted today will be shocked—but maybe not so shocked—to hear that Democrats are campaigning on raising taxes, destroy-ing jobs. I sincerely hope that Americans across the country know that Repub-licans will continue to do all that we can to our ability to increase take- home pay to families, reduce the tax burdens on seniors, and create more ef-ficient and effective government that works for you and provides opportuni-ties for the young people of America. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the topic of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from South Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. REFORMING U.S. CANNABIS POLICY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. CURBELO ) for 30 minutes. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I am here this evening to emphasize the importance of reforming our Na-tion’s policies concerning cannabis. This issue has grown to be increasingly bipartisan over the years, yet some in this administration have largely ig-nored the rising public support for legal, State-regulated cannabis. b2030 Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. G
AETZ ), a distin-guished colleague from the panhandle. Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from the Sunshine State of Florida for yielding, and I am so grate-ful that we have been able to find some areas of common ground in this Con-gress on the issue of cannabis reform. I am very proud, Mr. Speaker, to an-nounce that, in the coming days, I will be joining the Judiciary chairman, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OOD-
LATTE ), in introducing legislation that enjoys support from across the ideolog-ical spectrum, and it will do several important things: First, it will increase the number of people who are growing medical-grade cannabis for research purposes. Second, it will end the gag rule at the VA that precludes physicians from being able to consult and speak with their patients about the laws in their particular States. Third, it will create a safe harbor so that some of the finest medical institu-tions and universities in this great country will be able to research and partner with private sector entities to determine the potential that medical cannabis can have to improve people’s quality of life. And finally, this legislation will end the prohibition from having commer-cial, for-profit entities working in con-cert, in collaboration with some of those very universities and medical in-stitutions. So my hope is that by focussing first on the issues that bring us together, we will be able to advance legislation to democratize medical cannabis re-search, and that, ultimately, can unlock cures and unlock potential for a generation of Americans that shouldn’t be lied to by their government about the potential health benefits of can-nabis. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the gentleman for his lead-ership, his honesty, and his sincerity on this issue, and I am proud to say that I have cosponsored this legisla-tion. Now I will yield to one of the original cosponsors of Mr. G
AETZ ’s legislation and one of the great leaders in this in-stitution on this issue for many years, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LU-
MENAUER ), who has been educating col-leagues and the American public on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24AP7.068 H24APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3502 April 24, 2018 
cannabis. Tonight, I am pleased to be joined by him here on the floor and to yield to him. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman from Flor-ida’s courtesy in permitting me to join him on this Special Order this evening. I appreciate the partnership that we have had on the Ways and Means com-mittee and dealing with these issues publicly. It is true, I cosponsored the legisla-tion that our aforementioned friend, Mr. G
AETZ , referenced. I have been co-sponsoring and introducing legislation like this for years. In fact, my Vet-erans Access Amendment actually passed both the House and the Senate last Congress, only to fall victim be-hind the scenes of, I think, misguided action on the part of leadership. I am pleased that we have been able to retain the Rohrabacher-Blumenauer amendment that protects State legal medical marijuana, and I look forward to working with my colleague, as I know he wants to extend those protec-tions to all State legal efforts. I want to say, as somebody who has spent a lot of time moving around the country working on these State cam-paigns, working with the industry, working with advocates, that I appre-ciate Mr. C
URBELO ’s advocacy, that he is moving out of his district being in-volved with this conversation nation-ally and looking for opportunities to strengthen the position on the floor of the House. We are in a situation now, Mr. Speaker, where we have virtually every Democrat who now supports these sim-ple, commonsense reforms, and, in no small measure due to my friend from Florida’s persuasive efforts, there are several dozen Republicans, and that number is sure to grow either before or after the next election. This is an issue that we have watched slowly take shape. I was in the Oregon Legislature when we were the first State to decriminalize back in the 1970s, but there was sort of a hiatus for about 20 years. There was Richard Nixon’s ill-advised and, I think, unfortunate and unfair war on drugs, the Schedule I cat-egorization of marijuana. If we were doing it over again, probably it wouldn’t be scheduled at all, but to-bacco would be Schedule I because it is deadly and addictive. In the course of the last 6 years, we have watched what has happened at the State level accelerate. It has been med-ical marijuana since 1996. But starting in 2012 with Colorado, Washington, and, more recently, we had initiatives in Or-egon, in Alaska, in the District of Co-lumbia, we had nine States vote in 2016, and eight of them approved re-forms. I am excited to watch this acceler-ated progress. In fact, I think what we have seen over the last 6 weeks is un-precedented. We are watching people in both parties be able to identify things they can get behind and move forward. We see survey research demonstrating that this is no longer a highly divisive partisan issue. The majority of Americans support legalizing adult use. Increasingly, there is evidence that a majority of Trump voters support adult use. Med-ical marijuana is like the Fourth of July. It is almost universally accepted, and I think the gentleman’s district, in voting on medical marijuana in 2016 in Florida, was overwhelmingly sup-ported. So now is the time for us to move forward. We have a bipartisan Cannabis Caucus, and I appreciate the gentleman participating in leading this. We have almost three dozen pieces of legisla-tion. We had, this last week, a couple of things that I think were rather note-worthy. The former Speaker of the House, John Boehner, who opposed our efforts for years, has now evolved on this issue, and he now has actually joined the advisory board of a firm in Massa-chusetts. Both of us are familiar with them, looking at the leadership in the industry. We have watched Donald Trump, in the last 10 days, sort of clarify what he said on the campaign trail in 2016, that the States ought to be free to do this. He is reaffirming that and undercut-ting the attempt by his Attorney Gen-eral Sessions to cast a pall over the State legal efforts. We have watched the minority leader in the Senate, Mr. S
CHUMER , come out supporting comprehensive legislation. I would note, for the record, it was very similar to what my colleague in the Senate, on the Senate Finance Com-mittee, R
ONWYDEN and I introduced last year in a comprehensive fashion, but that is great. The more, the merrier. What we want to do this Congress is to be able to do some simple things. The legislation that we have worked on together to allow State legal mari-juana enterprises to get rid of the per-nicious 280E so they can deduct their business expenses, I appreciate the gen-tleman’s leadership and focus on that. We ought to eliminate the restric-tions that prevent robust medical re-search on cannabis. The Federal Gov-ernment interferes with the research. There is no longer any reason for that. And in working on this, literally, for decades, I have never met a single human being who thinks there is any-thing to be served by forcing State legal marijuana enterprises to be con-ducted on an all-cash basis. These are things that we can change, regardless of whether or not people favor full legalization. These are sim-ple, commonsense steps that have bi-partisan support, and I look forward to working with the gentleman on that and then as we take this to the people. We will be voting on it in Michigan, probably in Missouri. Looks like there will be a ballot measure in Utah. Other States are looking. I think the momen-tum is building. I can’t say enough about how much I have enjoyed working with the gen-tleman on these issues. I look forward to continuing that partnership so these simple, commonsense provisions that are actually supported by a majority of the people in the House and the Senate are allowed to be voted on. I hope that he can work his persua-sive ways with the Republican leader-ship to eliminate those roadblocks and allow the House to work its will. Amer-ica will be better for it. Americans will be freer, and there will be economic op-portunity, health opportunities, and less destruction of lives with ill-con-ceived efforts to criminalize behavior of otherwise law-abiding adults. I thank the gentleman for his spon-sorship of this conversation this evening, permitting me to be a part of it, and our partnership. I look forward to accelerating those efforts in the months ahead so that we can mark sig-nificant progress yet in this Congress, and next Congress, get it all taken care of. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I truly admire and appreciate my colleague. He is a man of principle, but he is also someone who is always at the table trying to find common ground, trying to see how this institution can work better, how we can all work to-gether for commonsense solutions, for what, in this case, so many Americans are asking of this institution: to allow each State to come up with its own laws, its own regulations for this in-dustry. So I thank my colleague very much for spending a little time with us here this evening and also for all of his work over many years, because, as he said, many in this institution are coming around on both sides of the aisle. But it is Mr. B
LUMENAUER who, for a long time, led these efforts, and it was al-ways an issue of consensus, the way it is today. So thank you very much to my distinguished colleague. Mr. Speaker, nine States and the Dis-trict of Columbia have legalized the recreational use of marijuana, and medical marijuana is legal in an addi-tional 29 States, including my home State of Florida. Over 70 percent of Florida voters supported legalizing the use of medical marijuana in the 2016 elections, including 80.3 percent and 68.3 percent in the two counties I rep-resent, Monroe and Miami-Dade, re-spectively. As a matter of fact, the President was in Monroe County Thursday, and many people greeted him in the streets. Many of those were supporters, considering 80 percent support in that district of this issue. On Friday of last week, a report pub-lished by the Florida Department of Health indicated the State’s medical marijuana patient registry has risen to 100,576 people, a dramatic increase from the 23,350 patients registered in June of 2017. This milestone also happens to co-incide with the opening of Miami Beach’s first medical marijuana dis-pensary, Surterra Wellness. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:21 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24AP7.070 H24APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3503 April 24, 2018 
Despite overwhelming support from the public and medical community, however, legitimate businesses such as Surterra face financial and legal uncer-tainty because of a witch hunt opened up by Attorney General Sessions last year. To make matters worse, he is now hamstringing scientific research to analyze the medical applications of cannabis. I, along with my colleagues from both sides of the aisle, have taken a multipronged approach to improving our country’s irresponsible and ill-ad-vised laws on cannabis. Congressman B
LUMENAUER and I are addressing the industry’s significantly dispropor-tionate tax burden through the Small Business Tax Equity Act, legislation which provides tax parity to marijuana businesses operating in compliance with State law. I am also working with the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. G
ARRETT ) to urge the Department of Justice to order the Drug Enforcement Adminis-tration to immediately approve addi-tional registrations for the bulk manu-facture of cannabis for exclusively fed-erally-approved research purposes. Compliant manufacturers are at-tempting to provide State and Federal Governments and medical professionals with fact-based research on cannabis’ effects, both adverse and therapeutic, but their applications to do so aren’t being assessed. It is difficult for me to comprehend the logic behind blocking scientific research to analyze the med-ical applications of cannabis because I believe it is critical for policymakers to possess objective data on the effec-tiveness of cannabis as an alternative treatment for anxiety, depression, pain, psychosis, post-traumatic stress disorder, opioid addiction, and epi-lepsy. We owe it to American patients to open up the field of research on this. Now, the only logical explanation I can think of is that the Attorney Gen-eral knows the facts of this field of re-search won’t support his policies or the witch hunt he and his Department have been conducting on legal State-regu-lated operators across the country. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, drug overdoses claimed nearly 68,000 lives throughout the United States in 2017 alone, with over 45,000 of those as a result of opioids, legal drugs. An aptly timed article was published this morning by CNN Chief Medical Correspondent Sanjay Gupta in which he details the results of his investiga-tion into the benefits of cannabis over the course of a 5-year study. b2045 Though admittedly skeptical at first, after dedicating countless hours with both patients and scientists scattered throughout the globe, Dr. Gupta began to view the plant in a different light: as a source for healing instead of a gate-way for substance abuse. At the conclusion of Dr. Gupta’s in- depth examination, he came to the de-duction that ‘‘not only can cannabis work for a variety of conditions such as epilepsy, multiple sclerosis, and pain; sometimes, it is the only thing that works.’’ Referenced in this article is an analysis conducted by researchers from the RAND Corporation, and sup-ported by the National Institute on Drug Abuse, which showed an approxi-mated 20 percent decline in opioid overdose deaths between 1999 and 2010 in States with legalized medical mari-juana and functioning dispensaries. Mr. Speaker, this analysis is similar to countless others I have heard that prove cannabis can quell both the dis-ease of addiction and the pains associ-ated with it. Now, some may view this investigation and others as if they are anecdotal, and to them I say, ‘‘Let’s find out.’’ Let’s stop hamstringing Fed-eral research of the issue and let’s let the facts speak for themselves. As I have said before in this Cham-ber, Mr. Speaker, the best ally that il-legal operators like drug cartels and drug traffickers—who do not pay taxes, who target children, who have no safe-ty standards for their products—the best ally they have are the policies that the Attorney General has em-braced. Because by continuing to ham-string Federal research, over tax, and stoke uncertainty, legally operating businesses that are State regulated, that pay taxes, that are helping pa-tients who are suffering, can no longer compete. And when these businesses can no longer compete, people turn to the black market. So inadvertently, I hope, the Attor-ney General is actually doing a great favor to the criminals operating out-side the law by punishing law-abiding Americans trying to control the sub-stance and make it safer. So I am here today to, once again, call upon this administration to not just allow, but encourage, meaningful reform on our Nation’s cannabis poli-cies. On this issue, we have an oppor-tunity to reinforce the 10th Amend-ment and ensure the Federal Govern-ment does not overstep its boundaries and supersede the will of the States. On this issue, we have an opportunity to afford businesses selling legal products the chance to contribute to our econ-omy and create jobs, while simulta-neously crippling the criminal enter-prises empowered by and prospering under the Attorney General’s policies. And perhaps most importantly, we have an opportunity to change—and possibly even save—the lives of Ameri-cans suffering from opioid addiction and other diseases and conditions. Mr. Speaker, there are a lot of col-leagues in this Chamber who say people should be able to buy whatever health insurance or get whatever kind of health coverage they want, and the government should interfere as little as possible, and I agree. But on this issue, there seems to be a hypocrisy, and many colleagues want to impose a Federal view or a Federal perspective on States, on the people of States like Florida, who have already decided ex-plicitly and clearly and overwhelm-ingly. So I thank my colleagues who joined me here tonight, and I truly look for-ward to the day where this institution can legislate in a way that respects the people of Florida, respects the people of Oregon, respects the people of Colo-rado, and American citizens in 36 States in the union, who have spoken loud and clear. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 49 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b2150 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. S
ESSIONS ) at 9 o’clock and 50 minutes p.m. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4, FAA REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2018; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3144, PROVIDING FOR THE OPER-ATIONS OF THE FEDERAL CO-LUMBIA RIVER POWER SYSTEM; AND PROVIDING FOR PRO-CEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM APRIL 30, 2018, THROUGH MAY 4, 2018 Mr. WOODALL, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–650) on the resolution (H. Res. 839) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4) to reauthorize pro-grams of the Federal Aviation Admin-istration, and for other purposes; pro-viding for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3144) to provide for operations of the Federal Columbia River Power Sys-tem pursuant to a certain operation plan for a specified period of time, and for other purposes; and providing for proceedings during the period from April 30, 2018, through May 4, 2018, which was referred to the House Cal-endar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 9 o’clock and 51 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, April 25, 2018, at 9 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24AP7.071 H24APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3504 April 24, 2018 h 
EXPENDITURE REPORTS CONCERNING OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the first quarter of 2018, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO THE UNITED KINGDOM, EXPENDED BETWEEN FEB. 18 AND FEB. 25, 201 8 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. George Holding ................................................ 2 /18 2 /24 United Kingdom .................................. .. .................... 1,970.00 .................... 1,710.00 .................... .................... .................... 3,680.0 0 Hon. French Hill ....................................................... 2 /21 2 /25 United Kingdom .............................. ...... .................... 1,970.00 .................... 1,118.00 .................... .................... .................... 3,0 88.00 Hon. Jeff Fortenberry ............................................... 2 /20 2 /25 United Kingdom ................................. ... .................... 1,970.00 .................... 2,956.00 .................... .................... .................... 4,926. 00 Hon. Jim Costa ........................................................ 2 /21 2 /22 United Kingdom ............................... ..... .................... 655.00 .................... 5,047.00 .................... .................... .................... 5,702. 00 Hon. David Rouzer ................................................... 2 /20 2 /24 United Kingdom ................................. ... .................... 1,970.00 .................... 1,710.00 .................... .................... .................... 3,680. 00 Hon. Robert Aderholt ............................................... 2 /20 2 /25 United Kingdom .................................. .. .................... 1,970.00 .................... 5,010.00 .................... .................... .................... 6,980.0 0 Hon. Kenny Marchant .............................................. 2 /19 2 /25 United Kingdom .................................... .................... 1,970.00 .................... 1,532.00 .................... .................... .................... 3,502.00 Hon. Richard Hudsom ............................................. 2 /21 2 /25 United Kingdom .................................... . ................... 655.00 .................... 4,551.00 .................... .................... .................... 5,206.00 Katie Smith .............................................................. 2 /20 2 /24 United Kingdom ............................ ........ .................... 1,970.00 .................... 1,169.00 .................... .................... .................... 3 ,139.00 Chad Gore ................................................................ 2 /21 2 /24 United Kingdom ............................ ........ .................... 1,970.00 .................... 1,169.00 .................... .................... .................... 3 ,139.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 17,070.00 .................... 27,682.00 .................... .................... ..... ............... 44,752.00 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. GEORGE HOLDING, Apr. 12, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN.  1 AND MAR. 31, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Bob Goodlatte ................................................. 2 /16 2 /26 Indonesia, Singapore, Thailand, & Laos. .................... 610.00 .................... 8,404.61 .................... 1,149.30 .................... 10,163.91 Hon. Blake Farenthold ............................................. 2 /16 2 /26 Indonesia, Singapore, Thailand, & Laos. .................... 610.00 .................... 7,955.41 .................... 1,149.30 .................... 9,714.71 Hon. Hank Johnson .................................................. 2 /16 2 /26 Indonesia, Singapore, Thailand, & Laos. .................... 610.00 .................... 8,404.61 .................... 1,149.30 .................... 10,163.91 Hon. Luis Gutie´rrez .................................................. 2 /16 2 /26 Indonesia, Singapore, Thailand, & Laos. .................... 610.00 .................... 8,404.61 .................... 1,149.30 .................... 10,163.91 Hon. Pramila Jayapal .............................................. 2 /16 2 /26 Indonesia, Singapore, Thailand, & Laos. .................... 610.00 .................... 8,404.61 .................... 1,149.30 .................... 10,163.91 Shelley Husband ...................................................... 2 /16 2 /26 Indonesia, Singapore, Thailand, & Laos. .................... 610.00 .................... (
3) .................... 1,149.30 .................... 1,759.30 Stephanie Gadbois .................................................. 2 /16 2 /26 Indonesia, Singapore, Thailand, & Laos. .................... 610.00 .................... (
3) .................... 1,149.30 .................... 1,759.30 John Manning .......................................................... 2 /16 2 /26 Indonesia, Singapore, Thailand, & Laos. .................... 610.00 .................... (
3) .................... 1,149.30 .................... 1,759.30 Monalisa Dugue ....................................................... 2 /16 2 /26 Indonesia, Singapore, Thailand, & Laos. .................... 610.00 .................... (
3) .................... 1,149.30 .................... 1,759.30 
Committee total .............................................. ............. ................. .................................... ........................... .................... 5,490.00 .................... 41,573.85 .................... 10,343.70 ........... ......... 57,407.55 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. BOB GOODLATTE, Chairman, Apr. 6, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE, SPACE, AND TECHNOLOGY, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPE NDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2018 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. LAMAR SMITH, Chairman, Apr. 18, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, JOINT COMMITTEE ON TAXATION, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2018 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. KEVIN BRADY, Vice Chairman, Apr. 5, 2018. h 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. 4679. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, a let-ter from the Under Secretary, Per-sonnel and Readiness, Department of Defense, transmitting the Depart-ment’s FY 2016 and 2017 No FEAR Act reports, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107-174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109-435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242), was taken from the Speak-er’s table, referred to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 5005. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study to determine the suitability and feasibility of establishing the birthplace of James Weldon Johnson in Jacksonville, Florida, as a unit of the National Park Sys-tem (Rept. 115–644). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHABOT: Committee on Small Busi-ness. H.R. 5236. A bill to expand opportuni-ties available to employee-owned business concerns through Small Business Adminis-tration loan programs, and for other pur-poses; with an amendment (Rept. 115–645). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:56 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24AP7.035 H24APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3505 April 24, 2018 
Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 4267. A bill to amend the Investment Company Act of 1940 to change certain requirements relating to the capital structure of business development compa-nies, to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to revise certain rules relating to business development companies, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–646). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 4464. A bill to repeal the rule issued by the National Credit Union Ad-ministration titled ‘‘Risk-Based Capital’’ (Rept. 115–647). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 4560. A bill to suspend contributions by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to the Housing Trust Fund during any period that the full required dividend pay-ments under the Senior Preferred Stock Pur-chase Agreements for such enterprises are not made, and for other purposes (Rept. 115– 648). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SMITH of Texas: Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 2809. A bill to amend title 51, United States Code, to provide for the authorization and supervision of nongovernmental space activities, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–649). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WOODALL: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 839. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4) to reau-thorize programs of the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration, and for other purposes; pro-viding for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3144) to provide for operations of the Federal Co-lumbia River Power System pursuant to a certain operation plan for a specified period of time, and for other purposes; and pro-viding for proceedings during the period from April 30, 2018, through May 4, 2018 (Rept. 115–650). Referred to the House Cal-endar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. M CCAUL: H.R. 5589. A bill to consolidate certain small diplomatic and consular posts, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. KINZINGER (for himself, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. L AHOOD, and Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois): H.R. 5590. A bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to provide for an action plan on recommendations for changes under Medicare and Medicaid to prevent opioids addictions and enhance access to medication-assisted treatment, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. TURNER (for himself and Mr. M
OULTON ): H.R. 5591. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of De-fense to establish a prescription drug moni-toring program; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. ROYCE of California (for him-self and Mr. ENGEL ): H.R. 5592. A bill to provide for certain au-thorities of the Department of State, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. SOTO: H.R. 5593. A bill to render certain military spouses eligible for adjustment of status; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. HARPER (for himself and Ms. M
ATSUI ): H.R. 5594. A bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to clarify the eligibility of certain community mental health centers to register for purposes of the practice of tele-medicine, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania (for himself, Mr. L
ANGEVIN , and Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa): H.R. 5595. A bill to amend title 36, United States Code, to update the Federal charter for Future Farmers of America; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CARBAJAL (for himself and Mr. R
EED): H.R. 5596. A bill to authorize the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency to establish a program of awarding grants to owners or operators of water sys-tems to increase resiliency or adaptability of the systems to any ongoing or forecasted changes to the hydrologic conditions of a re-gion of the United States; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, and Natural Resources, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. STEWART: H.R. 5597. A bill to provide for the expan-sion of the Desert Tortoise Habitat Con-servation Plan, Washington County, Utah; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. CARTER of Georgia (for him-self and Mr. C
OLLINS of New York): H.R. 5598. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to require certain dis-proportionate share hospital covered entities under the 340B drug discount program to sub-mit to the Secretary of Health and Human Services reports on low-income utilization rates of outpatient hospital services fur-nished by such entities; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. HUDSON (for himself, Mr. S
CHRADER , Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , and Mr. M ULLIN ): H.R. 5599. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to expand the conditional approval pathway for more ani-mal drugs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico: H.R. 5600. A bill to designate the Cerro del Yuta and Rı´o San Antonio Wilderness Areas in the State of New Mexico, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. M
ACARTHUR (for himself and Ms. G
ABBARD ): H.R. 5601. A bill to direct the Secretary of Defense to conduct a study on the renova-tion, repair, or expansion needs of certain el-ementary schools and secondary schools that educate dependants of active duty military personnel; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York (for himself and Mr. ESPAILLAT ): H.R. 5602. A bill to amend the United States Housing Act of 1937 to establish pass- through lease arrangements for uninhabit-able dwelling units, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Ms. MATSUI (for herself and Mr. C
A´RDENAS ): H.R. 5603. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide the Secretary of Health and Human Services authority to waive certain Medicare telehealth require-ments in the case of certain treatment of an opioid use disorder or co-occurring mental health disorder; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. M
CEACHIN: H.R. 5604. A bill to prohibit any reduction, consolidation, or termination of offices and activities related to science research within the Environmental Protection Agency; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology. By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 5605. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for an opioid use disorder treatment demonstration pro-gram; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. SHEA-PORTER (for herself, Mrs. D
INGELL , Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mrs. W AT-
SON COLEMAN , Mr. G ALLEGO , Ms. H
ANABUSA , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. W
ELCH , and Mr. C ARTWRIGHT ): H.R. 5606. A bill to authorize the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration to establish a Climate Change Education Pro-gram, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN (for her-self, Mr. P
ALLONE , Mr. S IRES, Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali-fornia, Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , and Ms. W ILSON of Florida): H.R. 5607. A bill to provide for the manda-tory licensing and registration of handguns, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.R. 5608. A bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to authorize the provision of technical assistance under the Preserve America Program and to direct the Sec-retary of the Interior to enter into partner-ships with communities adjacent to units of the National Park System to leverage local cultural heritage tourism assets; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. By Mr. M
CCAUL (for himself, Mr. C UL-
BERSON , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. R
ATCLIFFE , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHN-
SON of Texas, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. V
ELA, Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. O LSON , Mr. D
OGGETT , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. G ENEGREEN  
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24AP7.022 H24APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3506 April 24, 2018 
of Texas, Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. A L G
REEN of Texas, Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. V
EASEY , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas, Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. C
UELLAR , Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. O’R
OURKE , Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. C
ONAWAY , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. T
HORNBERRY , Mr. G OHMERT , Ms. G
RANGER , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. F
LORES , Mr. H URD, Mr. A RRINGTON , Mr. B
URGESS , and Mr. B ARTON ): H. Res. 838. A resolution honoring the life of First Lady Barbara Bush; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form; which was considered and agreed to. By Mr. CHABOT (for himself, Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. B LUM, Mr. B
RAT, Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali-fornia, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. C
OMER , Mr. C URTIS , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. E
VANS , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi, Mr. K ING of Iowa, Mr. K
NIGHT , Mr. L AWSON of Florida, Mr. L
UETKEMEYER , Mr. M AR-
SHALL , Mrs. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. N
ORMAN , Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Mr. S
CHNEIDER , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. C OSTA , Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. J OYCE  of Ohio, Ms. E
SHOO , and Mr. M EEKS ): H. Res. 840. A resolution expressing support for the designation of the week of April 29, 2018, through May 5, 2018, as ‘‘National Small Business Week’’ to celebrate the contribu-tions of small businesses and entrepreneurs in every community in the United States; to the Committee on Small Business. By Mr. LOEBSACK (for himself and Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania): H. Res. 841. A resolution expressing support for the designation of the week of April 23, 2018, through April 27, 2018, as ‘‘Skills for Today Week’’ to honor educators and organi-zations, including beyond school programs, working to equip all learners with the knowledge and skills required for workforce, college, and life success; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. PAULSEN (for himself and Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan): H. Res. 842. A resolution recognizing Men-ingitis B Awareness Day; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mrs. TORRES (for herself, Mr. P
OE of Texas, Mr. E
NGEL , and Mr. F RANCIS  R
OONEY of Florida): H. Res. 843. A resolution reaffirming the importance of preserving free and fair elec-tions and strengthening democratic institu-tions in the Western Hemisphere as a policy priority for the United States; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. M CCAUL: H.R. 5589. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Sec. 8 By Mr. KINZINGER: H.R. 5590. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. TURNER: H.R. 5591. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause I: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uni-form throughout the United States By Mr. ROYCE of California: H.R. 5592. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. SOTO: H.R. 5593. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. HARPER: H.R. 5594. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8—General Welfare Clause By Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania: H.R. 5595. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution which gives Congress the power ‘‘to regulate Com-merce with foreign Nations, and among the several states, and within the Indian Tribes.’’ By Mr. CARBAJAL: H.R. 5596. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. STEWART: H.R. 5597. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2: relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States. By Mr. CARTER of Georgia: H.R. 5598. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress Under Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. HUDSON: H.R. 5599. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico: H.R. 5600. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. MACARTHUR: H.R. 5601. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 5602. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Ms. MATSUI: H.R. 5603. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Con-stitution. By Mr. MCEACHIN: H.R. 5604. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 5605. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Constitution, to provide for the general welfare and make all laws nec-essary and proper to carry out the powers of Congress. By Ms. SHEA-PORTER: H.R. 5606. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN: H.R. 5607. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, clause 3 By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.R. 5608. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 99: Mrs. N APOLITANO . H.R. 173: Mr. B
UCSHON . H.R. 200: Mr. Z
ELDIN . H.R. 237: Ms. H
ANABUSA , Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. H
ECK. H.R. 303: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida. H.R. 305: Mr. W
ALZ. H.R. 592: Mr. V
ISCLOSKY , Mr. F ERGUSON , and Mr. H
IMES. H.R. 754: Mr. M
ITCHELL and Mr. A GUILAR . H.R. 785: Mr. D
AVIDSON . H.R. 809: Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD . H.R. 810: Mr. K
HANNA , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , and Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H.R. 811: Mr. R
ASKIN , Mrs. H ANDEL , and Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 913: Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. S
MITH of Washington, Mr. J OHNSON of Geor- gia, Mrs. L
OWEY , and Ms. B ASS. H.R. 936: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York. H.R. 959: Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER . H.R. 1015: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 1046: Mr. L
OBIONDO . H.R. 1170: Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.R. 1204: Mr. J
ORDAN and Mr. R ODNEY  D
AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 1213: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 1229: Mr. T
HOMPSON of California. H.R. 1230: Mr. T
HOMPSON of California. H.R. 1267: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York and Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia. H.R. 1272: Mr. K
HANNA and Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY . H.R. 1291: Ms. G
ABBARD . H.R. 1318: Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. M
CGOVERN , and Mr. B ROWN of Maryland. H.R. 1358: Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 1377: Mr. C
OLEand Mr. M CGOVERN . H.R. 1378: Mr. W
ALZ. H.R. 1406: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 1447: Mr. L
ANCE . H.R. 1506: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 1563: Mr. G
OTTHEIMER . H.R. 1566: Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida. H.R. 1606: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. G ON-
ZALEZ of Texas, Mr. W ALKER , Mr. L UCAS , Mr. M
CKINLEY , Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Ms. L OFGREN , and Mr. V
ELA. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:21 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L24AP7.100 H24APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3507 April 24, 2018 
H.R. 1734: Mr. R USH, Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , and Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 1783: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 1813: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK . H.R. 1828: Mr. C
LEAVER . H.R. 1847: Mr. U
PTON . H.R. 1861: Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. A DERHOLT , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. S
CHIFF , Ms. P LASKETT , and Mr. K IHUEN . H.R. 1870: Mr. K
IHUEN . H.R. 1876: Mr. W
ITTMAN . H.R. 1957: Mr. C
ARBAJAL . H.R. 2008: Mr. D
ENHAM . H.R. 2012: Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 2234: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 2307: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 2315: Mrs. R
OBY. H.R. 2345: Mr. L
OEBSACK . H.R. 2439: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 2475: Mr. O’R
OURKE and Miss R ICEof New York. H.R. 2550: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2556: Mr. D
OGGETT . H.R. 2561: Ms. T
ENNEY . H.R. 2575: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 2599: Ms. N
ORTON and Mr. G UTHRIE . H.R. 2619: Mr. E
NGEL . H.R. 2644: Ms. S
A´NCHEZ and Mr. L UETKE -
MEYER . H.R. 2809: Mr. M
CCARTHY and Mr. B ERA. H.R. 2871: Mr. V
ELA. H.R. 2908: Ms. B
ASS. H.R. 2913: Mr. R
ASKIN , Mr. K ENNEDY , and Mr. V
ISCLOSKY . H.R. 2957: Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 2966: Mr. C
OHEN and Ms. M OORE . H.R. 2976: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 3023: Mr. H
IGGINS of Louisiana. H.R. 3030: Mr. C
URTIS . H.R. 3032: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois and Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 3224: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 3356: Mr. U
PTON , Mr. C URBELO of Flor- ida, and Mrs. H
ANDEL . H.R. 3378: Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas and Ms. T
ITUS. H.R. 3444: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 3545: Mr. E
MMER . H.R. 3592: Mr. F
OSTER . H.R. 3605: Mr. N
ORMAN and Ms. E SHOO . H.R. 3632: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 3635: Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. W ALBERG , and Mr. C OOK. H.R. 3637: Ms. T
SONGAS . H.R. 3666: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT and Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 3684: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 3773: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 3790: Mr. S
TEWART , Mr. S ESSIONS , and Mr. M
ARINO . H.R. 3798: Mr. H
ARPER . H.R. 3842: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 3861: Mr. W
ALBERG . H.R. 3867: Mr. H
IMES. H.R. 3881: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 3887: Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia. H.R. 3919: Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 3938: Ms. L
EE. H.R. 3941: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 3956: Mr. H
ARPER and Ms. S INEMA . H.R. 3962: Mr. C
ONNOLLY . H.R. 4001: Mr. V
ELAand Mr. D ESAULNIER . H.R. 4006: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 4072: Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. S
HERMAN , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. G
OMEZ , Mrs. T ORRES , Ms. M ATSUI , and Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N. H.R. 4143: Mr. REED. H.R. 4245: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 4273: Mrs. L
OWEY . H.R. 4391: Mr. W
ELCH and Mr. N OLAN . H.R. 4410: Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 4444: Mr. F
ORTENBERRY . H.R. 4525: Ms. L
EE. H.R. 4548: Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER . H.R. 4668: Ms. R
OSEN . H.R. 4681: Mr. L
ANCE , Mr. C URBELO of Flor- ida, Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Mr. C RAMER , and Ms. R
OSEN . H.R. 4682: Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 4706: Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 4724: Mr. C
UELLAR . H.R. 4815: Mr. K
IHUEN . H.R. 4841: Ms. M
ATSUI , Mr. J ONES , and Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 4876: Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 4889: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 4902: Ms. L
OFGREN and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 4919: Mr. F
ERGUSON . H.R. 4941: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 4957: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 4962: Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia. H.R. 4985: Mr. S
ESSIONS and Mr. W EBER of Texas. H.R. 5011: Mr. O’R
OURKE , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. T
SONGAS , Mr. D EUTCH , and Mr. K IHUEN . H.R. 5034: Mr. N
ORCROSS , Mr. K ILDEE , Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. F OSTER , Mr. B
LUMENAUER , and Mr. H IMES. H.R. 5040: Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina and Mr. I
SSA. H.R. 5061: Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 5096: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 5121: Mr. M
EADOWS , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. R
YAN of Ohio, Mrs. N OEM, and Mr. B
UTTERFIELD . H.R. 5124: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. W ALZ, Mr. S
TIVERS , Mr. B ARLETTA , and Mr. M
ESSER . H.R. 5132: Mr. G
IANFORTE , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. T
HORNBERRY , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. N
ORMAN , Mr. G ALLAGHER , Mr. Y OUNG of Alas- ka, and Mr. Q
UIGLEY . H.R. 5137: Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. S HERMAN , and Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 5160: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 5171: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK and Ms. D
ELBENE. H.R. 5199: Mr. R
ICEof South Carolina. H.R. 5215: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 5264: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 5291: Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. P OCAN , and Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 5292: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN and Ms. L
EE. H.R. 5343: Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas, Ms. S
TEFANIK , and Mr. F ORTENBERRY . H.R. 5345: Mr. L
IPINSKI . H.R. 5353: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 5358: Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska. H.R. 5365: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 5380: Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 5383: Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER and Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD . H.R. 5385: Mr. C
LEAVER , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C
LAY, and Mr. C HABOT . H.R. 5396: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 5406: Mr. A
MASH . H.R. 5412: Mr. C
ROWLEY . H.R. 5413: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 5417: Mrs. W
ALORSKI . H.R. 5422: Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 5447: Mr. H
URD, Ms. E SHOO , Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. G OMEZ , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. C RAMER , and Mr. G
ROTHMAN . H.R. 5459: Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 5467: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia. H.R. 5476: Mr. C
OURTNEY , Mr. M CEACHIN , Mr. K
ENNEDY , Mr. P ETERS , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida, Mr. C ON-
NOLLY , and Mr. D EUTCH . H.R. 5483: Mr. H
ARPER . H.R. 5507: Mr. B
OST, Mrs. B LACK , Mr. D EFA-
ZIO, Mr. C RAMER , and Mrs. B LACKBURN . H.R. 5517: Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS . H.R. 5523: Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 5524: Mr. H
UDSON . H.R. 5536: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 5537: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 5547: Ms. B
ORDALLO , Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, and Mr. V ARGAS . H.R. 5552: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida. H.R. 5561: Mr. S
COTT of Virginia. H.R. 5562: Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-ico and Mr. G
UTHRIE . H.R. 5575: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida and Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 5576: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 5582: Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.J. Res. 31: Mr. D
ELANEY . H. Con. Res. 8: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY  of New York, Mr. R
ICHMOND , Mr. T ONKO , and Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N. H. Con. Res. 111: Mr. C
OHEN , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. M
EADOWS , and Mr. F ERGUSON . H. Res. 69: Mr. D
ONOVAN , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , and Ms. T SONGAS . H. Res. 421: Mr. R
OSKAM . H. Res. 763: Mr. S
EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, and Mr. R
ATCLIFFE . H. Res. 774: Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Mr. G AETZ , and Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H. Res. 826: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H. Res. 835: Mrs. W
AGNER , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. C
HABOT , Ms. R OSEN , Mr. W ALK-
ER, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. A DER-
HOLT , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. H
OLDING , and Mr. M EADOWS . H. Res. 837: Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio, Mr. J OHNSON  of Georgia, Mr. H
ASTINGS , and Mr. S AMJOHN-
SONof Texas. f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
The amendment to be offered by Rep-resentative B
ILLSHUSTER , or a designee, to H.R. 4, the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018, does not contain any congressional ear-marks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of House Rule XXI. f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were deleted from public bills and reso-lutions, as follows: 
H.R. 5310: Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina. H. Res. 774: Mr. R
OHRABACHER . H. Res. 817: Mr. H
IGGINS of Louisiana. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24AP7.037 H24APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2359 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, APRIL 24, 2018 No. 66 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal Lord, marvelous is Your Name. We celebrate the works of Your hands: the sky and sea, the songs of birds, the hues of flowers, and the pre-cision of the planets. Bless the people of our beloved Re-public. Amid all differences, may they be one in spirit, purpose, and faith. Lord, continue to sustain our Sen-ators. Keep them living, laboring, and loving for the good of all. Make them instruments of Your will for the heal-ing of our Nation and world. Keep them conscious of Your presence and direct their thinking, speaking, and doing. We pray in Your sacred Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH). The majority leader is recognized. 
f 
NOMINATION OF MIKE POMPEO Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, yesterday the Foreign Relations Com-mittee finished consideration of Mike Pompeo’s nomination to serve as our Nation’s 70th Secretary of State. They reported his nomination to the full Senate with a favorable recommenda-tion. Later this week, we will take their advice, and we will vote to con-firm him. We will be lucky to have this capable public servant on the job. We know Mike Pompeo is up to the task. After all, we confirmed him with a com-fortable and bipartisan majority to lead the CIA. In one of the most sen-sitive positions in our government, the quality of his leadership was directly linked to the security of the American people. West Point valedictorian, Harvard Law, U.S. Army officer, a successful businessman, and three-term Congress-man serving on the House Intelligence Committee—this is the resume that Mike Pompeo brought to the top job at the CIA with the support of a bipar-tisan supermajority of the Senate, and, by all accounts, his tenure there has been a big success. The caliber of Mike’s leadership and the quality of his counsel have won him the respect of our National Clandestine Service and the confidence of the President. Just recently, Director Pompeo un-dertook sensitive conversations with representatives of North Korea to lay the groundwork for efforts aimed at denuclearizing the Korean Peninsula. As he steps into this new mission as Secretary of State, he clearly enjoys the confidence of the President, and throughout his testimony before the Foreign Relations Committee, he dem-onstrated expertise and profes-sionalism. Fortunately, even as so many of President Trump’s well-qualified nomi-nees are obstructed and delayed with-out reason, a bipartisan majority of Senators have already signaled their intention to vote to confirm Mike Pompeo. We have the nominee, we have the votes, and we will confirm our next Secretary of State this week. Then, I hope we can build on this bi-partisan momentum and process more of the President’s qualified nominees. OPIOID EPIDEMIC Mr. MCCONNELL. Madam President, on another matter, our Nation’s opioid epidemic continues to plague commu-nities and families in my home State of Kentucky and across the Nation. Here in Congress, we are doing our best to support the healthcare and law en-forcement professionals who are bat-tling it every single day. Last week, I introduced the Pro-tecting Moms and Infants Act, a bipar-tisan effort to confront the heart-breaking cases of prenatal and infant opioid addiction. It builds on my 2015 bill, the Protecting Our Infants Act, and Congress’s other recent progress on this issue. In recent years, Congress has bol-stered prevention, treatment, and en-forcement efforts through the Com-prehensive Addiction and Recovery Act and the 21st Century Cures Act, and the recent government funding bill dedicated a record level of resources to saving lives from heroin and prescrip-tion drug abuse. But much more work remains. So today I am proud to announce legisla-tion to address this crisis’ devastating effects on the American worker and the American workforce. Stable employment is not just a path to financial security for workers and families. Earning a paycheck from a job is also linked to personal happiness and even physical health. We see first-hand in Kentucky the need for the structure and support that come with a job to help keep former addicts from falling back into the cycle of addiction. According to the CEO of a treatment facility in Louisville, ‘‘stable housing and employment are vitally tied to an individual’s recovery.’’ But, unfortu-nately, in the very communities where employment could do so much, the opioid crisis itself is making it harder to attain. I frequently hear Kentucky employ-ers cite substance abuse as a major hurdle to finding and hiring suitable 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:06 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24AP6.000 S24APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2360 April 24, 2018 
applicants. One study traced roughly 25 percent of the decline in workforce par-ticipation between 1999 and 2015 to the opioid crisis. That amounts to about 1 million missing workers. It is no won-der that the Trump administration re-ports that the epidemic cost our econ-omy a half trillion dollars in 2015 alone. The economic cost pales in compari-son to the human cost that addiction and joblessness inflict. The Com-prehensive Addiction Recovery through Effective Employment and Reentry Act, or CAREER Act, would bring tar-geted relief to the States most dev-astated by substance abuse. This State- based pilot program would encourage local businesses and treatment groups to form partnerships to help those in recovery find and maintain employ-ment. The legislation expands housing block grants to encourage more transi-tional housing options for recovering addicts until they secure permanent arrangements. It gives States more flexibility to spend Federal career serv-ices and training funds to support spe-cific initiatives dedicated to helping individuals transition from treatment to the workforce. In short, this bill does exactly what the experts tell us needs to be done on this front. This morning, Chairman A
LEXANDER  and the HELP Committee are review-ing comprehensive opioid legislation. I commend the chairman for his diligent efforts on this subject. It is my hope that the committee will choose to in-clude some of the proposals in the Pro-tecting Moms and Infants Act and the CAREER Act in the larger package that they are developing. This epidemic requires our continued attention. On behalf of those in Ken-tucky and all over the country who are struggling, we are determined to keep doing our part. 
f 
TAX REFORM Mr. M
CCONNELL. Now, Madam President, on one final matter, the pas-sage of Republicans’ historic tax re-form last December was just the latest illustration of the diverging paths Re-publicans and Democrats envision for our economy. For the better part of the last dec-ade, our Democratic colleagues’ ideas ran their course. We were promised that they would help us recover from the financial crisis. But it wasn’t a re-covery for all Americans. In fact, the path put forward by our Democratic colleagues had two distinct lanes. The express lane was for major cities like New York and San Francisco. Urban areas with more than 1 million resi-dents captured 90 percent of the Na-tion’s population growth and nearly 75 percent of new jobs created between 2010 and 2016. Seventy-five percent of new jobs created between 2010 and 2016 went to these large urban areas. Those select communities actually made up some ground, but working families and job creators in America’s smaller cities, towns, and rural com-munities were stuck in the slow lane. There, job opportunities dried up as in-vestment dollars hit the road. There, Americans learned what it feels like when Washington, DC, leaves you be-hind. But, fortunately, these commu-nities are among the first to feel the benefits of the new Republican ap-proach. The historic tax relief we passed last year cut taxes for American families and gave employers more flexibility to expand, hire, and give their workers bonuses, raises, and new benefits. As my colleague Senator YOUNG re-ports, the results in Indiana are adding up. He heard from a Hoosier in Cedar Lake who is expanding his family milk-hauling business, and a Kokomo small business owner who is now hiring more workers. I recently read that over in Ellettsville, one family has found an additional $200 in their monthly pay-checks—enough to cover a week’s worth of groceries. I don’t think my colleagues across the aisle intended to make life more difficult for middle-class families across the country. It is just that these leftwing policies make it harder, not easier, for American workers and job creators to actually get ahead. But when my Democratic friends had the chance to join us and deliver historic tax relief to American families, they stood firm and tried to block tax relief on a party-line basis. One of Indiana’s own Senators tried to block all that good Indiana news from happening. I am proud that Republicans over-came that obstruction and got tax re-form accomplished for all Americans. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session and resume consideration of the following nomina-tion, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Stuart Kyle Duncan, of Louisiana, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Cir-cuit. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. NOMINATION OF MIKE POMPEO  
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, yes-terday, after some drama and a rare act of civility on the part of Senator C
OONS , for which I applaud him, the Senate Foreign Relations Committee approved the nomination of Mike Pompeo as Secretary of State. This is despite Chairman C
ORKER repeatedly pointing out how qualified for this ap-pointment Director Pompeo actually is, but, apparently, it fell on deaf ears. This sort of treatment is unprece-dented, in my memory certainly, for a Secretary of State. Director Pompeo was, in fact, first in his class at West Point and led the Harvard Law Review. He served his country in the military and served the people of Kansas in Con-gress, not to mention the fact that Mike Pompeo already serves in one of the most sensitive and important posi-tions in the Trump administration as Director of the Central Intelligence Agency. I spoke yesterday about the con-firmations of some of the most recent Secretaries of State, not just Secre-taries Clinton and Kerry. Secretary Kerry got all but three votes in the Senate, and Secretary Clinton lost only two votes in the Senate, but I also spoke of Secretary Powell and Sec-retary Rice. All were confirmed over-whelmingly because the Senate has al-ways had a tradition, until now, of showing some deference to the Presi-dent when confirming nominees to po-sitions like this that have national se-curity importance. The world needs to know that this President has con-fidence in this nominee, and he does. That is the key to his effectiveness in international diplomacy—knowing he has the President’s ear. Our Democratic friends once upon a time acknowledged that, in the words of the senior Senator from Delaware: 
The President, regardless of what party they are from, needs, for the most part, to have the team they want to put in place. They have been elected to lead. Let’s give them a chance to lead. 
The opposition we are seeing breaks with this longstanding tradition in a shameful and partisan way. Of course, our Democratic colleagues have been slow-walking and obstructing qualified nominees since the President was sworn in, just to hinder progress for hindering progress’s sake alone. This is the kind of hyperpartisan approach to foreign policy that threatens to harm our national security because this is an important national security post. Not only should we confirm Mr. Pompeo so the President can have the support of his full Cabinet, but also so the Amer-ican people can have the assurance that our national security is not being treated like a pinata that our Demo-cratic colleagues are whacking with a stick. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:06 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24AP6.002 S24APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2361 April 24, 2018 
The American people can see through this kind of concerted effort to prevent the President from filling Cabinet roles that deserve to be filled. In fact, that seems to be the approach: wherever, whenever, however to block President Trump from accomplishing anything he seeks on behalf of the American peo-ple, even though he was elected Presi-dent of the United States. Several editorial boards have already pointed out the importance of filling this position and have urged our Demo-cratic colleagues to allow Director Pompeo to be confirmed expeditiously. USA Today editorial writers penned a piece saying: 
Unless a nominee has clear ethical or com-petency failings, presidents should be ac-corded wide latitude to select top aides whom they trust and agree with. Pompeo passes that test and merits approval. 
The Washington Post writes: ‘‘Mr. Pompeo should be deployed to Foggy Bottom in the hope that he will fulfill his promise to revive and reassert U.S. diplomacy.’’ The Chicago Tribune writes: ‘‘Pompeo knows well how to work with both Congress and the president—who trusts him so much he sent him on a secret mission to Pyongyang to meet with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un’’ in advance of the President’s meeting with him in a few weeks. It doesn’t stop there. There are near-ly a dozen editorial boards that say the same thing these newspapers have— that Mr. Pompeo is undoubtedly quali-fied and the President trusts him, and on these two points, the Senate should confirm him. The flip-flop our Democratic col-leagues are doing from last year, when 15 of them supported Mr. Pompeo’s nomination to the CIA, should be a source of embarrassment. To say that somehow the job of the Secretary of State is more important or more sen-sitive than that of the CIA Director— both of them are extraordinarily im-portant. If they had the confidence in him to vote to confirm him to the CIA and are now searching for reasons to support a ‘‘no’’ vote for Secretary of State, it is pretty clear what is hap-pening. Some of the most radical activ-ists in the Democratic base are clearly getting to some of these Senators. There is still time to put country above politics, national security over the next election, and principle over posturing. I urge all of our colleagues to give this nominee the same treat-ment the Senate gave Secretaries Pow-ell, Rice, Kerry, and Clinton, and con-firm Mr. Pompeo as our next Secretary of State. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The Democratic leader is recognized. 
SENATE RULES ON NOMINATIONS  
Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, the Rules Committee will mark up Senator L
ANKFORD ’s resolution tomor-row to change the rules on the consid-eration of nominees to benefit the Sen-ate majority. Of course, the majority in the Senate can already approve of a nomination on a party-line vote for all nominees up to and including now the Supreme Court since Leader M
CCON-
NELL elected to change those rules last year. Why the need for further erosions to minority rights in the Senate? The Re-publicans argue it is because they are facing ‘‘historic’’ obstruction of the President’s nominees. A few points on that: First and fore-most, the truth is the Democrats have cooperated with the majority on non-controversial nominees, like career ambassadorships and civil servants, for a long time now. Before each recess, there is a long list of names that is ap-proved. Before the last recess, the Sen-ate had confirmed nearly as many nominations in 2018 as President Obama had confirmed in the analogous year of 2010. Let me repeat that. Before the last recess, the Senate had con-firmed almost the exact same number of nominees in 2018 as President Obama had confirmed in 2010, the second year of his Presidency. So this idea that it is historic—bunk. You can tell it is bunk because at the same time our Republicans and even the President himself, on some days, complain about obstruction, on other days, the President and the Vice Presi-dent are boasting about how many judges they have filled on the bench. This morning, President Trump said: 
We put [on] a tremendous amount of [Fed-eral] district [court] judges. We are setting records. 
I say to my Republican friends and the President: You can’t have it both ways—on the one hand, historic ob-struction and, on the other, a record pace of confirmations that you brag to your base about. You can’t have it both ways. It is hypocrisy. A second point: The Republican ma-jority has already taken brazen steps during this Congress to limit minority rights on nominations. I mentioned the leader breaking the rules on Supreme Court nominees. Let’s not forget that he broke the rules after letting Merrick Garland sit there while not al-lowing a nomination. It takes a lot of gall to complain about obstruction when Leader M
CCONNELL opened the gates to obstruction—made obstruction his watchword—when he did what he did to Merrick Garland. He didn’t stop. The Republicans have not stopped this year. The Republicans have engaged in hardball tactics at the district and cir-cuit court levels. Here is what happened. Take the Re-publican seat that is vacant on the Seventh Circuit. Because Senator L
EAHY —then-chairman—and, later, Senators HATCH and, I believe, G RASS -
LEYhonored the blue slip, a seat in the Seventh Circuit that belongs to Wis-consin was held open for 6 years by their refusing to approve two nominees by President Obama. Now the Presi-dent has nominated a very conserv-ative judge, Michael Brennan, who has failed to earn the recommendation of the bipartisan commission that is re-spected in Wisconsin and was set up by both Senators B
ALDWIN and J OHNSON — one a Democrat, one a Republican—to recommend Federal nominees. Yet this administration has no known concern about the real qualifications of the judges as long as they meet the hard- right checklist. Despite the fact that Senator B
ALD-
WINhas not returned a blue slip for Mr. Brennan, Chairman G
RASSLEY has moved him out of committee anyway. This is the second time Chairman G
RASSLEY has ignored the blue slip tra-dition. The blue slip tradition was faithfully honored by Senator L
EAHY  when he was chairman. Our Republican colleagues have used it to an extent that, certainly, would be ‘‘historic’’ ob-struction. For 6 years, a seat was va-cant on the circuit court, and it was not the only one that had had long- term vacancies. Now, all of a sudden, because the Democrats want to discuss this, mull this for a few days, Senator L
ANKFORD wants to change the rules. I know he only came to the Senate in 2014, but he ought to look a bit at the history before he gets into high dudg-eon. The issue of nominations has been fraught, and it is true there have been escalations on both sides. I am the first to say that. Despite the rhetoric from the majority party, the Democrats have worked in good faith this year to clear noncontroversial nominations ex-peditiously. When nominees require vetting, the Senate should have the tools to consider them thoroughly be-cause, clearly, this administration is not taking the task of vetting seri-ously. This is a final argument—and there are many good ones I would like to make. The Trump administration has done the worst job of vetting its nomi-nees of any administration I can re-member. It seems a slapdash process. It has had to withdraw the nominee for the Labor Department because he was not properly vetted; it has fired the Secretaries of HHS, State, and the VA; and it has faced a host of other con-troversies with staff and turnover. I dare say, if Mr. Pruitt had been prop-erly vetted, he may not have been nom-inated given what we have found out. Now we hear that the new nominee for the VA Secretary—the President’s personal doctor—is on hold because of some troubling allegations. How did he get through the process with all of these allegations not even having been made public? My guess—there was not proper vetting. I was not there, but it is speculative that, maybe, one day, the President, who we know acts on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:07 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24AP6.003 S24APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2362 April 24, 2018 
impulse, had this nominee in the room—his doctor—and he said: Hey, let’s put you up without any vetting. The President is putting forward nominees without appropriate vetting. It is our job to vet, and we will not be rushed through, particularly when this administration has had such a poor record of looking at the qualifications and the problems that each nominee has brought. More than ever, with this President, it is the Senate’s job to ad-vise and consent, not to be a rubberstamp. The rule change that is being proposed by Senator L
ANKFORD is totally unmerited, inadvisable, and lacks any knowledge of history of the Senate. You know, we are trying to return to some comity here. The omnibus bill was very good work among Speaker R
YAN, Leader M CCONNELL , Leader P
ELOSI , and me. We are going to meet in a little while to talk about doing the appropriations process in regular order and going back to the days when we did that, which I know our majority leader sincerely wants to do, as do I, as does Senator S
HELBY , as does Senator L
EAHY . Something like this—so par-tisan, so unfair, and so unacknowledging of the history that has come before—doesn’t help the sense of comity in the Senate. I urge Republicans and Democrats alike on the Rules Committee to reject this terribly ill-advised proposal. 
DEPUTY ATTORNEY GENERAL ROSENSTEIN  
Madam President, on another mat-ter, over the last few months, House Republicans have heaped enormous pressure on Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein in a transparent at-tempt to bully him into providing doc-uments that are pertinent to an ongo-ing investigation—something we have hardly ever seen before, something that really gets in the way of law en-forcement doing its job. Representative N
UNES , who has shown his partisanship repeatedly, and others have gone so far as to threaten Mr. Rosenstein with contempt of Congress and even im-peachment if he doesn’t hand over former FBI Comey’s memos, FISA Court documents, and other informa-tion that is related to Mueller’s inves-tigation into foreign interference. Mr. Rosenstein gave them that informa-tion, which, of course, was leaked afterward to the press. It is not Justice Department protocol or any other prosecutor’s protocol to share information that is pertinent to an ongoing investigation. It just wel-comes interference. That is true even with the most objective of those who get the information, and I think 95 per-cent of America believes Congressman N
UNES is not objective. It is not hard to understand why we don’t do this. Yet several House Republicans have smeared Mr. Rosenstein and have even threatened his job unless he breaks the longstanding prosecutorial guidelines which will force him to give them in-formation they can twist into political ammunition. What Representative NUNES and others have been doing is disgraceful, just disgraceful, and not consistent with our being a democracy, where there is the rule of law. It is more consistent with the bullying atti-tude that we see in nondemocratic countries. Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein is doing his level best to honor the in-tegrity of the Russia probe while being dragged through the mud by the Presi-dent and his allies in Congress. He is a strong man. He has done an excellent job, and he is doing his best now. He is doing exactly what a Deputy Attorney General should be doing. Mr. Rosen-stein deserves our respect—all parties’ respect, the whole country’s respect— for his efforts in being honest and transparent with Congress while main-taining the integrity of the Russia probe. Even so, as a columnist in the Wash-ington Post put it this morning: ‘‘It’s a miserable day at the Justice Depart-ment when the deputy attorney gen-eral is forced at gunpoint’’—bullying, threatening—‘‘to turn over important evidence in a pending criminal inves-tigation.’’ The ‘‘bullying’’ and ‘‘threat-ening’’ are my parenthetical words. It continues to be a real disgrace for House Republicans to engage in such bare-knuckle tactics in a relentless ef-fort to deter and kick up dust around the Mueller investigation. Our fellow Republicans, the bar across the coun-try, and the country itself—the pub-lic—should resist this kind of bullying and pressure. It is so un-American, so against the rule of law, so against how democratic republics work. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. WYDEN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. WYDEN. Madam President, I come to the floor this morning to op-pose the nomination of Stuart Kyle Duncan to serve on the Court of Ap-peals for the Fifth Circuit. I accept that there are differences of opinion with respect to nominees, and I accept that I will not agree on every issue with every Trump nominee. I do expect that individuals who are up for lifetime judicial appointments have to demonstrate that, above all else, above everything else, they will be guardians of the constitutional rights of the American people. If you want to be a judge in America, my view is, you ought to have to show an independence of thought and a respect for the rule of law. I regret to say this morning, I believe this nominee has not met those impor-tant expectations. As I review Mr. Dun-can’s record, it seems to me he has made a career out of fighting to re-strict the rights and legal protections of the vulnerable and those who are powerless. It ought to be an immediate red flag to see how often he has aligned himself with the wrong end of some of the most high-profile cases in the last few years. My view is that his record on civil rights alone ought to be disqualifying. Twice he has represented States— North Carolina and Texas—in their de-fense of voter suppression laws that were written and passed based on false claims of voter fraud. Both of those laws, in my view, were a sort of Frank-enstein monster of past proposals that would have made it harder for African Americans and Latino citizens to vote. You don’t have to take my word for it; both of those cases were thrown out by the courts. Fortunately, neither time was Mr. Duncan successful on appeal. In another case, he argued before the Supreme Court that a wrongful convic-tion verdict ought to be thrown out. An African-American man named John Thompson spent 14 years on death row after prosecutors in New Orleans con-cealed evidence that would have proven his innocence. After his exoneration, this individual won a $14 million wrongful conviction suit. Mr. Duncan, on the other hand, led the effort to have it overturned. An innocent man’s life was ruined, and Mr. Duncan saw to it that he had no recompense. He has clearly been a staunch oppo-nent of women’s reproductive rights and healthcare. He was counsel of record representing Hobby Lobby in its case against the Department of Health and Human Services in 2014. In that case, Hobby Lobby sought to throw out the legal requirement that women have no-cost access to contraception through their health insurance cov-erage. Mr. Duncan argued that the gov-ernment has no compelling interest in guaranteeing access to contraception. To hold that view, you have to basi-cally throw in the trash can the science showing that contraception re-sults in lower rates of cancer and healthier pregnancies when women choose to conceive. You also have to be willing to turn a blind eye to the mat-ter of economic fairness—that women, particularly those who are vulnerable, those of modest means, should not be taxed for their gender. Mr. Duncan went on to author a spe-cial legal brief in Whole Woman’s Health v. Hellerstedt, arguing that the Supreme Court should have ignored medical evidence and allowed the State of Texas to shutter women’s health clinics on trumped-up grounds. I also think that as the Senate con-siders this nominee, we should look at his record on LGBTQ Americans. In 2015, when he was in private practice, this nominee served as special assist-ant attorney general for Louisiana. There, he authored an amicus brief on behalf of 15 States, urging the Supreme Court to reject the right to same-sex marriages nationwide. He wrote that recognizing such a right would endan-ger the ‘‘civil peace.’’ It is a head- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:06 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24AP6.004 S24APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2363 April 24, 2018 
scratcher to me how he could reach that conclusion. Whatever damage has been done to the civil peace in the last 3 years certainly has had nothing to do with same-sex marriage. When I came to the Senate, I believe I was the first Member of this body who came out for marriage equality. Back then, I said: This is pretty sim-ple, folks—if you don’t like gay mar-riage, don’t get one. Regrettably, this nominee not only doesn’t share that view, but he wrote that recognizing the right to marriage equality would, in his view, endanger the civil peace. He represented Gloucester County, VA, in an effort to deny a transgender student’s right to use the bathroom aligned with the gender identity. He also represented rightwing lawmakers in North Carolina, defending broadly discriminatory legislation that became known as the bathroom bill. The list of concerning episodes and disqualifying work in Mr. Duncan’s ca-reer does take a fair amount of time to actually walk through. What I will just tell you is that when I look at Mr. Dun-can’s background, what I see is a long record of hostility toward the rights of women and minority Americans. He has consistently defended powerful spe-cial interests over the rights of those who don’t have political action com-mittees, aren’t powerful, and don’t have high-priced lobbyists. As Senators consider how to vote on this nomination, I find it hard to be-lieve that this track record of bias that I have outlined this afternoon will sud-denly vanish, will just disappear on confirmation. In my judgment, this is an individual who should not serve on the bench. I urge my colleagues to vote no. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Y
OUNG ). The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I come to the floor to speak in opposi-tion to the nomination of Kyle Duncan for the U.S. Circuit Court for the Fifth Circuit. I find his nomination troubling, but I find many of President Trump’s nomi-nees for judges troubling because they want to restrict established rights or roll back privacy issues, whether it is Roe v. Wade or LGBT rights. In many cases, Mr. Duncan has tried to take away these very important re-productive rights for women. From 2012 to 2014, he was the lead counsel on the Hobby Lobby v. Sebelius Supreme Court case. That flawed decision allows closely held corporations to deny FDA- approved contraceptive coverage to women employees if the company own-ers object to the contraception based on religious beliefs. More than half of the working-age women in Washington State get their healthcare coverage through their em-ployer. They pay for their coverage through hard-earned wages and com-pensation. Their employer should not be able to just cherry-pick what bene-fits they get because the owners have a self-professed religious objection. Mr. Duncan also tried to go after State laws protecting birth control ac-cess. Thanks in part to Washington State pharmacist Jennifer Erickson, Washington State has a law on the books requiring all pharmacies to stock and deliver all lawfully pre-scribed drugs, including contraception, but Mr. Duncan worked to take that hard-fought access away. In 2016, he filed a brief urging the Su-preme Court to take up a challenge to the Washington State pharmacy law in order to strike it down. He also worked to deny access to con-stitutional rights to terminate preg-nancies. In the Whole Women’s Health case, Mr. Duncan filed a brief defending an unconstitutional Texas law that re-stricted access to safe and legal abor-tions at qualified health providers. Ultimately, in the Whole Women’s Health case, the Supreme Court rightly struck down this very deceptive Texas law, finding it had nothing to do with medical necessity and placed an undue burden on women. In the landmark case of Obergefell v. Hodges, Mr. Duncan authored an ami-cus brief which argued against same- sex marriage, and he has represented North Carolina in their defense of the ‘‘bathroom bill,’’ which discriminated against transgender individuals. We need to expand the rights of the LGBT community, not nominate a judge who believes we should roll back these laws that are so important to the individ-uals in my State. Mr. Duncan also defended North Carolina’s restrictive voting laws which limited early voting, prevented same-day registration, and placed limi-tations on where people could vote. The appeals court found that these re-strictions violated the Voting Rights Act because they were disproportion-ately affecting African Americans. We do not need to see a judge on our bench who is trying to limit people’s partici-pation in our democracy as we are try-ing to protect their access to voting. It is no secret the Trump administra-tion has been chipping away at wom-en’s healthcare and constitutional rights by using every tool at their dis-posal. I am especially troubled that the President is intent on nominating judges, such as this one, who do not re-spect the settled law of Roe v. Wade. The administration is making every attempt to roll back these important privacy laws. Kyle Duncan, the nomi-nee we are considering, has spent dec-ades doing the same. That is the reason I oppose his confirmation, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. I hope they will follow in making sure we pro-tect these important rights. Thank you. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. SENATE RULES ON NOMINATIONS  
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, ear-lier today, the minority leader came to the floor to talk about multiple issues. During that conversation, he called me out by name regarding a rules proposal that I have in front of the Rules Com-mittee this week. He said that he vehe-mently disagrees with that rules pro-posal. He even mentioned that he knows that I came here in 2014 and that I should study the history of the Sen-ate a little bit more before I bring up a rules proposal. Well, I would only tell my colleague that I have studied the history, and I would like to get a little bit of context around those comments. The rules proposal that the minority leader is opposing is the exact same rules proposal that he actually voted for in 2013 when he was on the Rules Committee and then voted for again when it came to the floor of the Sen-ate. This is not some radical proposal. In 2013, Democrats found intolerable what was happening with the nomina-tion process, so at the beginning of 2013, they worked with Republicans and said: We need to be able to put a struc-ture in place to get nominations through because a President should be able to have his staff put in place, and there shouldn’t be an arbitrary slow-down of that process. Republicans came on board, even dur-ing a very contentious time, because Republicans did not agree with the policies of President Obama. Yet they agreed. With a vote of 78 total votes, 78 votes on the floor of the Senate, a rule change was made that was proposed by Senator Reid, supported by Senator S
CHUMER , and supported by Senator M
CCONNELL , to say that this is a rule change that will go into place. It was a very simple rule. The rule was just for nominees. When nominees come to the floor, the minority can always ask for addi-tional time to debate. Most of the time in the past, they have not, but they could. The time allotted for that pur-pose is 30 additional hours for debate. The assumption is that it is a con-troversial nominee when 30 additional hours of debate is required. The time was lowered in this 2013 rule so that for district court nomi-nees, just 2 hours of debate on the floor is needed because, quite frankly, dis-trict court nominees had never been held up on a cloture vote, so 2 hours of extra time. The nominees have already been through the committee process. They have already been approved. Now 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:06 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24AP6.007 S24APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2364 April 24, 2018 
they are coming to the floor, and if there is a request for additional time, they would get an additional 2 hours on the floor. For any other nominee, they would get 8 hours of additional time, if they even asked for more time. Su-preme Court, circuit court, and Cabi-net-level nominees would remain at 30 hours. That was the agreement that was made and that we functioned under in 2013 and in 2014. Fast-forward to today. A historic new precedent has been set for any President coming in. It was ab-solutely not done by Republicans in the past, and it was absolutely not done by Democrats in the past, but it is being done now. Right now, there are 67 judges pend-ing and 139 executive nominees pend-ing—139. In just the past year and a few months, Democrats have requested 85 cloture votes—that is asking for an ad-ditional 30 hours of debate time. They can say: Well, these nominees need to be vetted. These are all nomi-nees who have already gone through the committee process, have already waited in line. There has been a tre-mendous amount of vetting. Even if this was additional vetting—an addi-tional 30 hours of debate on the floor— for most of these nominees by far, there has been less than an hour of ac-tual debate on the floor for these indi-viduals, but 30 hours has been re-quested. It is not 30 hours of debate. In fact, just over the past couple of weeks, we have had district court judges, and they have had a demand for a cloture vote on them, and we had less than 15 minutes of additional debate time for those individuals on the floor, but 30 hours had to be allocated. There was less than 15 minutes of actual debate on that person. This is not about vetting. That is a good line for the media. That is a good line for the base. This is about slowing down the Senate. This is about slowing down the process. Again, giving a side-by-side, the mi-nority leader said that this is about keeping intact the power of the minor-ity, that the power of the minority needs to be maintained in the Senate. I totally agree. That is why I am trying to work this through a normal rules process—the same rule the minority leader supported on the Rules Com-mittee in 2013 and the same rule he voted for on the floor. The only dif-ference now is that it is not Democrats in power, it is Republicans in power. Republicans joined Democrats in 2013 to be able to put this in place, but for some reason, now that Republicans are in power, Democrats are saying that this is an onerous rule that will take away the power of the minority. The only real thing that has changed here—other than that now the Repub-licans are in control rather than Demo-crats—is one other thing; that is, the nuclear option. When Senator Reid and Senator S
CHUMER put in place the nu-clear option at the end of 2013, at that time, there were 20 judges pending and 56 executive nominations. But they unilaterally changed the rules of the Senate to be able to drop down nomina-tions from 60 to 51 because they were so frustrated that there were 20 judges pending and 56 executive nominations. May I remind my colleagues that right now there are 67 judges pending and 139 executive nominations pending. The minority was so frustrated when they were in the majority that they had to go nuclear and unilaterally change the rules in November of 2013, even after Republicans joined them in January of 2013 to change the cloture rules because there were 20 judges pending. Yet now there are 67 judges pending. At that time, there were 56, so they went nuclear on the executive nominations. Now there are 139. Listen, this is not an argument that I am trying to make based on a par-tisan issue. I am trying to go back to the agreement that was made in 2013, which was a bipartisan agreement. That worked for that time period. Re-publicans and Democrats supported it, and it worked. We actually had a proc-ess that was in place. I am asking to take that Democrat-written document and say: Let’s make that the rule from here on out—not just for this session but from here on out—so that we would have consistency whether Republicans or Democrats are in control. All I am asking is that Democrats vote again now for the same thing they voted for in 2013 when they asked Re-publicans to join them; for Democrats to join us and to say: Let’s make this the clear rule for everyone. That is the history that I think needs to get into this conversation. Quite frankly, I am not asking for something radical. I am trying to do a rules change the right way, by the rules as they are written, going through the Rules Committee and hav-ing a hearing, which we had in Decem-ber, having a markup in the Rules Committee, and bringing it to the floor of the Senate and actually imple-menting a rules change. If there is an-other proposal we want to consider, I will be glad to have that conversation. I am not looking to make it conten-tious; I am trying to actually solve a bad precedent because the precedent that has been set by the minority party right now will be the new precedent when the next President comes. So the next time there is a Democratic Presi-dent, I can assure my colleagues that Republicans will say: We will just do the same thing the Democrats did to the Republican President—we will do that to the next Democratic President. And year after year, this toxic environ-ment will get worse. The only way to dial back the volume is to actually fix the rules to make sure they stay fair for everyone. Again, this is not a partisan move for me; this is trying to get the Senate to actually function and work again. This rule change that was done in 2013—Senator Reid and Senator M
CCONNELL came to the floor of the Senate and had a colloquy, and in that colloquy, Senator Reid said: It is our expectation that this new process for considering nominations as set out in this order will not be the norm— 
That is, asking for additional time for every person— 
but that the two leaders will continue to work together to schedule votes on nominees in a timely manner by unanimous consent, except in extraordinary circumstances. 
Those were Senator Reid’s com-ments. But now, this has been invoked more than 80 times by the minority just this year. There have not been 80 extraordinary circumstances. Quite frankly, many of these individuals waited out additional time for cloture and then they were confirmed almost unanimously. They weren’t controver-sial; it was about slowing down the Senate. Let’s get this fixed. When the Senate is broken—and it is certainly broken in process right now—the Senators can fix the Senate by fixing our own rules. That is what I am encouraging our body to do. I do understand the his-tory—although the minority leader is right, I wasn’t here when the nuclear option was imposed. When Democrats did the historic change to the Senate rules, unilaterally—I wasn’t here then. Senator S
CHUMER did support that and did make a radical change at that time. I have to read about that history. But I can tell my colleagues that we can fix our future—and not just for Re-publicans but for the country—if we ac-tually fix this rule change for the fu-ture. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of the following nomination: Executive Cal-endar No. 765. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomination. The bill clerk read the nomination of Lt. Gen. Paul M. Nakasone to be Gen-eral in the United States Army while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nomination. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate vote on the nomination with no in-tervening action or debate; that if con-firmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that the President be imme-diately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further motions be in order; and that any statements related to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Nakasone nom-ination? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:06 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24AP6.009 S24APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2365 April 24, 2018 
The nomination was confirmed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR—Continued Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing rule XXII, the postcloture time on the Duncan nomination expire at 3 p.m. today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Utah. 
NOMINATION OF MIKE POMPEO  
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, as Presi-dent pro tempore of the U.S. Senate, I ask my colleagues to join us in voting swiftly and unanimously in support of Mike Pompeo’s nomination to serve as the next Secretary of State. Frankly, I am embarrassed by the naked partisanship that was on display during Director Pompeo’s confirmation hearing. The Director deserves better than this. That his nomination was nearly sent to the floor without rec-ommendation is an utter disgrace. This is a graduate of West Point and a man who served our Nation honor-ably as a cavalry officer in the U.S. Army. This is a talented litigator who graduated from Harvard Law School, where he served as editor of the Har-vard Law Review. This is an accom-plished businessman, a former Member of Congress, and the current Director of the Central Intelligence Agency. This is a man who is qualified to serve in every respect. Yet some of my col-leagues wanted to block Director Pompeo’s nomination on the grounds that he supports our President. Give me a break. To these colleagues, I say: Enough. Enough of the partisan games. Enough of the political grandstanding and self- serving sanctimony. Delaying this nomination under-mines not only the reputation of this esteemed body but the very safety of our Nation. Obstructing Director Pompeo’s confirmation would be a sig-nificant break from the bipartisan process that has characterized these kinds of nominations in the past and over my past 42 years. For example, when President Obama nominated Hillary Clinton to serve as Secretary of State, Republicans and Democrats set aside their differences without delay, confirming her nomina-tion almost unanimously with a vote of 94 to 2. Just 4 years later, the Senate did so again when we confirmed John Kerry with a vote of 94 to 3. As Republicans, did we disagree with Secretary Clinton’s and Secretary Kerry’s views on a wide range of issues? Absolutely. But did those dis-agreements prevent us from confirming two preeminently qualified nominees? Absolutely not. As a case in point, when Secretary Kerry was confirmed in January 2013, the Syrian civil war was raging, and many of us strongly disagreed with the Obama administration’s policies in the Middle East. To my frustration and that of all my Republican colleagues, it seemed that Secretary Kerry’s Syria policy differed little from his prede-cessor’s, but rather than turn our dis-senting votes into destructive votes, we voted almost unanimously for his confirmation. There was an understanding at the time that you paid deference to the President’s nominees, even if you dis-agreed with them on certain policies. Today, that custom is under siege. It is under threat. If we are not careful, in the future, then partisanship will sure get the best of all of us. The partisan abandon with which some approached Director Pompeo’s nomination is something that I fear the Founding Fathers would never have imagined, much less condoned. If we continue down this perilous path, a dangerous precedent will take root, making any nomination under any President at any time all but impos-sible. Our role as legislators is to challenge the views of our nominees and to hold them accountable. It is not, however, to discredit, defame, and destroy the reputation of a sitting Cabinet official. Nor is it to prevent from serving a man who is so manifestly qualified to serve. To engage in such political games at a time when our Nation faces growing threats abroad is not only irrespon-sible, but it is dangerous. So I say to my colleagues one last time: Confirm Director Pompeo. He has proven himself as Director of the CIA—one of the most demanding, high-pressure jobs in government. He knows the world and its secrets better than virtually anyone. Moreover, he understands the scale of the threats facing the United States. I know that. I think I am still the longest serving member of the Senate Intelligence Committee. Perhaps most importantly, he has earned the love and trust of the people he serves, boosting the morale of the Agency and reinvigorating its sense of purpose and mission. We are in desperate need of someone who can do the same at the State Department. Already, Director Pompeo has dem-onstrated he has the diplomatic skill to lead the State Department, setting the stage for negotiations between President Trump and Mr. Kim by es-tablishing a back-channel line of com-munication with North Korea. He has also helped foster good relations with our foreign partners—a necessary skill for someone serving as our Nation’s top diplomat. Simply put, there is no reason under the Sun that Director Pompeo should not receive every last vote in this Chamber. The way we treated Director Pompeo by nearly sending him to this floor without a recommendation was shame-ful. Indeed, the reputation of the Sen-ate would have been tarnished were it not for the last-minute intervention of a few of my colleagues—in particular, Senator C
HRIS COONS , for whom I have great admiration. He thinks for him-self. I wanted to recognize Senator COONS  today and thank him for his leadership. In a display of both compassion and bi-partisanship, Senator C
OONS switched his ‘‘no’’ vote to ‘‘present,’’ ultimately allowing Director Pompeo to secure a favorable recommendation. Senator C
OONS did so as a gesture to Senator I
SAKSON , who could not be present for the vote because he was delivering a eulogy at his best friend’s funeral. This simple act of bipartisanship re-minds me of the Senate I used to know—the institution that lived wor-thy of its name and reputation as the world’s greatest deliberative body. Sen-ator C
OONS ’ vote brought us back from the precipice overlooking a partisan abyss. It was a timely reminder that this body is at its best when we put comity and respect ahead of partisan-ship. Senator C
OONS ’ gesture was char-acteristic of the person I know him to be—a class act, a loyal friend, and a true gentleman of the Senate. May we all take a cue from yester-day’s bipartisan display. Our treatment of Director Pompeo in committee was embarrassing, to say the least, but now we have a second chance. Now we have the opportunity to set things right by voting unanimously for his confirma-tion. I urge all my colleagues to do what is best for the Senate and the Na-tion by voting in favor of Director Pompeo’s nomination. Let’s get rid of this total partisan-ship around here. I think both sides are to blame, in some respects. I don’t mean to just be picking on Democrats here today, but when somebody with the quality of Director Pompeo is see-ing this type of treatment on the floor of the U.S. Senate, my gosh, what are we becoming? All I can say is, it is not right. This is a chance to reform and make it right. I hope we will do that. If we don’t, we have to find a way of getting together. We have to find a way of sup-porting whoever is President, who nominates people who are qualified and who are good people, regardless of whether we agree with them ideologi-cally. The fact is, this Senate has become a very partisan body. There are times to be partisan. There is no question about that, and all of us have felt those times from time to time. My gosh, should we be this partisan on somebody like Sec-retary Pompeo, who clearly is one of the finest nominees I have seen in the whole time I have been in the U.S. Sen-ate? I hope my colleagues on both sides will vote for him and give him the re-spect, the support, and the help he is going to need in this position. We all know he is going to be confirmed. The question is, Will he be confirmed with the support of all of us Senators who really think of these things and who really care for our country, who really believe in bipartisanship, who really believe that regardless of differences of politics and opinion, class acts like Mr. Pompeo should be supported? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:06 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24AP6.011 S24APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2366 April 24, 2018 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
RUZ). The Senator from Michigan. Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, today the Senate is considering a divisive nominee to sit on the Fifth Circuit Court. It completely baffles me that this administration continues to put forth nominees who are either clearly unqualified or intensely partisan and controversial. This body has histori-cally worked together to confirm con-sensus nominees to serve on the appel-late bench. Unfortunately, that has not been the case over this past year. We have seen contentious nominee after contentious nominee. Unfortunately, the Republican majority has abdicated its responsibility to instead choose a judicial person of integrity who is will-ing to find common ground. This afternoon’s vote to confirm Stu-art Kyle Duncan to the Fifth Circuit Court is a perfect example of a divisive candidate. Mr. Duncan is an extreme nominee. His nomination is a senseless attack on access to healthcare for women, especially women in rural and underserved areas. His nomination is an attack on LGBT civil rights and an attack on free and open access to the ballot for all Americans. One only needs to look at his record. Mr. Duncan served as lead counsel in Hobby Lobby v. Burwell, in which the Supreme Court ruled that a for-profit corporation can have religious beliefs and, therefore, can deny contraceptive coverage as part of their employer- sponsored health insurance plans. I have said this before, and I will say it again, I have never sat next to a cor-poration in church. Corporations do not have religious beliefs, and a woman should have access to reproductive health services and the freedom to make her own decisions about her own healthcare. In addition to his record of hostility to the self-determination of women, Mr. Duncan has an abysmal civil rights record. Mr. Duncan coauthored an ami-cus brief in opposition to marriage equality when this important issue was before the Supreme Court. In that same vein of discrimination, Mr. Dun-can has repeatedly engaged in efforts to suppress the votes of minority vot-ers. He has defended North Carolina voter suppression measures that were ultimately struck down by the Fourth Circuit. The court determined the dis-criminatory measures ‘‘targeted Afri-can-Americans with almost surgical precision.’’ Mr. Duncan’s nomination is, frankly, unconscionable. Our court system should be a level playing field, where no matter who you are or where you live, you will receive fair and equal treatment. In contrast to that spirit, this nominee has spent a significant part of the past decade advocating for the denial of rights for women, minori-ties, and the LGBT community. I have absolutely no confidence that this nominee will stay true not only to the letter of the law but to the spirit of the law as well. Our constituents sent us to Washington to look out for the best interests of all Americans. That is why we need to move away from divi-sive nominees and instead focus on the confirmation of qualified consensus nominees. It is clear Mr. Duncan is out of step with mainstream American val-ues, and I urge my colleagues to join me in opposing his nomination. I yield the floor. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I rise in opposition to the nomination of Kyle Duncan to serve on the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals. Mr. Duncan’s record shows that he is far outside the judicial mainstream. He has a history of ideological opposition to important civil and constitutional rights. There are many examples of Mr. Duncan’s extreme views. I will discuss several of them. First, Mr. Duncan has a track record of outright hostility toward the Su-preme Court’s Obergefell decision and the rights of the LGBTQ community. When the Obergefell case was pending before the Supreme Court, Mr. Duncan wrote an article where he described the plaintiffs in the case as, ‘‘profoundly mistaken.’’ He went on to write: ‘‘It is often asked by proponents of same sex marriage what harms would flow from judicial recognition of their claims. From the perspective of democratic self-government, those harms would be severe, unavoidable, and irreversible.’’ After the Obergefell plaintiffs won and the Supreme Court recognized the right to same-sex marriage, Mr. Dun-can wrote another article where he de-scribed the Obergefell decision as ‘‘an abject failure’’ and said the case ‘‘im-perils civic peace.’’ When he was before the Judiciary Committee, I asked Mr. Duncan in writing if he agreed that same-sex mar-riage is now settled law. He ducked the question. This surprised me. Even President Trump conceded in November 2016 that same-sex marriage is ‘‘already settled. It’s law. It was settled in the Supreme Court,’’ but Mr. Duncan would not ac-knowledge that point. I also asked Mr. Duncan in writing if he would pledge not to take steps to undermine the Supreme Court’s Obergefell decision if he were con-firmed. He did not respond to that question either. Make no mistake, Mr. Duncan’s ad-vocacy against LGBTQ rights goes be-yond arguments that he advanced on behalf of clients. He has repeatedly ad-vocated against LGBTQ rights when writing in his own personal capacity about his own views. Mr. Duncan also has a troubling record of hostility to voting rights. He joined with another extreme Trump judicial nominee, Thomas Farr, to represent the North Carolina Legis-lature in seeking Supreme Court re-view of the Fourth Circuit’s decision to strike down North Carolina’s 2013 voter suppression law. This is the notorious law that the Fourth Circuit said targeted African- American voters with ‘‘almost surgical precision.’’ The Fourth Circuit decried this law as ‘‘the most restrictive vot-ing law North Carolina has seen since the era of Jim Crow.’’ Mr. Duncan’s brief argued that the Fourth Circuit’s decision was ‘‘an af-front to North Carolina’s citizens and their elected representatives.’’ Fortu-nately, the Supreme Court denied Mr. Duncan’s cert petition. Mr. Duncan also wrote a brief defend-ing a Texas voter ID law that the Fifth Circuit ruled had violated the Voting Rights Act. Mr. Duncan’s brief cited the specter of voter fraud to support his argument that this law was nec-essary. I decided to ask Mr. Duncan a simple question about voter fraud. I asked him in writing what he thought of Presi-dent Trump’s wholly unsubstantiated claim that 3 to 5 million people voted illegally in the 2016 election. His response? He said ‘‘I am con-strained by the canons of judicial eth-ics from commenting on political mat-ters.’’ Why would we put someone on the Federal bench who thinks a false claim about millions of illegal voters in the 2016 election is a ‘‘political matter’’? Why couldn’t Mr. Duncan bring himself to say that President Trump’s state-ment was blatantly false? Mr. Duncan’s views on voting rights are troubling, so much so that Derrick Johnson, president of the NAACP, sent a letter saying that ‘‘President Trump’s nomination of Mr. Duncan to the Fifth Circuit is a brazen insult to the civil rights legacy of this court.’’ There are many other issues where Mr. Duncan has advocated for positions that are far to the right of the center stripe. In 2014, he gave a speech where he discussed the Supreme Court’s right- to-marry cases, including the land-mark decision Loving v. Virginia, and said to the audience, ‘‘Ask yourselves this: do they add up to a right to marry your first cousin? A thirteen year old?’’ Mr. Duncan also filed briefs in oppo-sition to the DACA program and the proposed DAPA program, which he claimed ‘‘would greatly increase the risk of unauthorized immigrants com-mitting serious crimes.’’ His argu-ments perpetuated a stereotype of im-migrants as criminals that is simply not borne out by evidence. Mr. Duncan represented Hobby Lobby in its Supreme Court case, where he ar-gued that for-profit corporations have religious rights that permit them to circumvent the law and refuse to pro-vide contraceptive coverage to their employees. The NAACP has described Mr. Dun-can’s record on criminal justice issues as ‘‘abysmal.’’ They noted his efforts to overturn a wrongful conviction verdict based on prosecutor misconduct, as well as his defense of inhumane condi-tions in severely overcrowded prisons. What kind of message does it send when the Republican Party goes out of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:06 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24AP6.012 S24APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2367 April 24, 2018 
its way to nominate people like Mr. Duncan who have expressed such hos-tile views on issues of fundamental civil rights such as the right to marry and LGBTQ rights? There are plenty of well-qualified Re-publican judicial candidates who do not have a track record of taking extreme ideological views. Why choose someone like Mr. Duncan? What kind of signal does that send to litigants who might argue before the Fifth Circuit? It is possible to find highly qualified, nonideological candidates for the Fed-eral bench, nominees whom both par-ties can be proud of. We have done that with the two pending Illinois nominees to the Seventh Circuit. I wish that had happened with this Fifth Circuit va-cancy, but unfortunately, that is not the case. I cannot support Mr. Duncan’s nomi-nation, and I will vote no. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I rise today in opposition to the nomina-tion of Kyle Duncan to a Louisiana seat on the Fifth Circuit. Mr. Duncan, a Washington, DC, based lawyer, has made a career advocating for ideological causes. He has a long record of arguing to undermine the rights of women, voters, LGBT Ameri-cans, and immigrants. Before I speak more in depth about Mr. Duncan’s record, it is important to step back and look at the big picture on President Trump’s judicial nomi-nees. Mr. Duncan’s nomination is part of the Trump administration’s larger ef-fort to remake Federal circuit courts with young, ideological nominees who are often far outside of the mainstream or, in some cases, who are unqualified. In just the last 15 months, we have seen a nominee confirmed to the D.C. Circuit who worked in the White House counsel’s office on issues likely to go to the court he was appointed to, in-cluding on the White House’s responses to the Russia investigation. As one Republican Senator said, this now-judge’s ‘‘conflict of interest’’ was something ‘‘a first-year law student would see.’’ We have seen a nominee confirmed to the Sixth Circuit who blogged under a pseudonym and expressed extreme views and relied on rightwing sources known for discredited conspiracy theo-ries. For example, he wrote in a blog post that the ‘‘two greatest tragedies in our country are ‘‘slavery and abor-tion.’’ We have seen a nominee to the Eighth Circuit who was the first judi-cial nominee to receive a unanimous ‘‘not qualified’’ from the American Bar Association because of concerns about the nominee’s judicial temperament and ability to be impartial and still get confirmed on a party-line vote. Unfortunately, Mr. Duncan is just the latest nominee with a controver-sial, partisan record that calls into question his ability to be an inde-pendent, neutral arbiter appointed to a lifetime position. We must not allow our courts to be undermined by politics instead of root-ed in independence. The courts are a constitutionally created coequal, inde-pendent branch designed to be an inde-pendent check on Congress and the Ex-ecutive. Unfortunately, that independence is under attack. The President has personally at-tacked judges who have ruled against him. He has also repeatedly declared that he has litmus tests for judicial nomi-nees, pledging that he would only nominate individuals who pass ideolog-ical litmus tests. Our system depends on Federal judges who are independent arbiters and follow the facts and the law wher-ever they lead. Given this, I have been deeply trou-bled by efforts to stack our Federal courts by jamming controversial nomi-nees through as quickly as possible. Federal judges serve for life, and it is critically important that parties who come before them are confident that their case is given a fair shot, that it is being evaluated on the merits. If you look at Mr. Duncan’s record, he cannot demonstrate that women, LGBT Americans, and immigrants who appear before him in court would have an impartial arbiter. That should trouble all senators. I fear Mr. Duncan’s confirmation to the Fifth Circuit will further diminish con-fidence in our judicial system. Specifically, Mr. Duncan has been at the center of efforts to roll back wom-en’s access to basic healthcare. Mr. Duncan served as one of the lead lawyers for Hobby Lobby in a case challenging the Affordable Care Act’s protections for women’s access to con-traception. Duncan advanced the argu-ment that a corporation’s religious be-liefs trump a woman’s right to contra-ceptive coverage in her health insur-ance plan. More than 99 percent of American women have used contraception; it is more common than a flu shot. Access to contraception contributes to improved health for women and ba-bies, including reduced rates of pre-maturity. The expansion of contracep-tion has also strengthened women’s fi-nancial security by allowing them to plan when to start a family. Mr. Duncan also argued in favor of a severely restrictive anti-choice law in Texas, which would have closed 75 per-cent of women’s health clinics that offer comprehensive reproductive health services. While medical experts, including the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, unanimously agreed that these requirements were not need-ed to protect women’s health, Mr. Dun-can argued against the science. Even the conservative Supreme Court rejected Texas’s false pretense of protecting women and ruled that this law forced doctors and health centers to meet medically unnecessary require-ments. The Supreme Court held the law did not provide greater protection for women’s health and that it was an un-constitutional undue burden on wom-en’s reproductive rights. Mr. Duncan was also at the center of Republican efforts to disenfranchise African-American voters through dis-criminatory voter ID laws. After the Fourth Circuit struck down North Carolina’s voter ID law, noting that it ‘‘targeted African Americans with almost surgical precision,’’ Dun-can urged the Supreme Court to re-verse that decision. In his petition to the court, he wrote that, ‘‘The Constitution does not allow the sins of Civil Rights-era legislators to be visited on their grandchildren and great-grandchildren.’’ Shockingly, this statement ignores the persisting racism in this country and argues that the challenges faced by disenfranchised voters are simply a thing of the past. What is worse, this argument is made about the right to vote. The U.S. Con-stitution enshrines the right to vote as one of our most foundational rights. Mr. Duncan has also repeatedly ar-gued against recognizing same-sex cou-ples’ right to marry. When the Supreme Court ruled in favor of marriage equality in Obergefell, Mr. Duncan declared the de-cision ‘‘imperil[ed] civic peace.’’ That is an extreme statement that is simply untrue. Far from imperiling peace, our country has evolved and em-braced this ruling peacefully. I asked Mr. Duncan whether he still believes that this important case has ‘‘imperil[ed] civic peace’’ in the years since it was decided. Mr. Duncan did not disavow his statement and would not answer my question. Lastly, we are a nation of immi-grants. Since its founding, the United States has been built on the backs of people from all over the world coming here to build a better life for them-selves and their families. Less than 2 years ago, in 2016, Dun-can argued to the Supreme Court that allowing undocumented parents of U.S. citizen children to live and work would, ‘‘exacerbate the problem of vio-lent crime by unauthorized immi-grants.’’ Again, Mr. Duncan makes an asser-tion with no basis in fact. Rather, re-search shows that immigrants commit fewer crimes than native born Ameri-cans. The conservative Cato Institute found that immigrants have a lower rate of incarceration than native-born Americans. While I do not expect to agree with the views of all the judicial nominees that come before the Senate, I do ex-pect the nominees to be within the mainstream of legal thought. I do ex-pect the nominees to uphold basic facts, science, and constitutional prin-ciples. I fear that Mr. Duncan’s record puts him outside these basic qualifications, and I cannot support his nomination. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:33 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24AP6.001 S24APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2368 April 24, 2018 
Mr. PETERS. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, it is no secret that powerful interests are working to undermine our government. Giant companies and rightwing billion-aires have been pouring unlimited sums of money into making sure our government works for those at the top and leaves everyone else behind, and a key part of their strategy is to capture our courts. During the Obama administration, those powerful interests and their Re-publican allies in Congress executed an unprecedented campaign to stop fair-minded, impartial nominees from fill-ing judicial vacancies. Nominees weren’t blocked because they were un-qualified. They weren’t blocked be-cause they were inexperienced. They weren’t blocked because they were out of the mainstream. They were blocked for one reason and one reason alone: because they didn’t demonstrate a suf-ficient willingness to bend the law in favor of the rich and the powerful. With Donald Trump as President, these same interests sense a once-in-a- lifetime opportunity to reshape our courts for years to come, and they are working to stack our courts with nar-row-minded elitists and rightwing radi-cals. Stuart Kyle Duncan—President Trump’s nominee to sit on the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals—is one of those nominees. Mr. Duncan has spent his career working to restrict—not to expand, but to restrict—civil rights in the United States. Over and over again, he has sought to tilt the scales of justice against women, against LGBTQ Ameri-cans, against people of color, and oth-ers. Mr. Duncan’s record of supporting discrimination and injustice is quite lengthy, so I will focus on just a few of the most disturbing examples. Let’s start with his record on women’s rights. Mr. Duncan has worked to make it harder for women to access contracep-tive coverage and abortion services. He was the lead attorney for the arts and crafts company Hobby Lobby in the Supreme Court case of Burwell v. Hobby Lobby. In that case, he argued that business owners should be allowed to refuse to provide female employees access to contraceptive care based on those employers’ religious views. Mr. Duncan also filed briefs in many other Supreme Court cases, petitioning the Court to restrict women’s access to birth control and abortion services, ig-noring the fact that access to contra-ceptive care can help women lead bet-ter, healthier, or more financially se-cure lives. He is the man who is seek-ing a Federal judgeship. Let’s take a look at his record on LGBTQ rights. Mr. Duncan has com-plained about what he calls the ‘‘gen-eral acceptance of homosexuality and homosexual practices’’ in America, and he has worked very hard to convince courts to adopt his narrow-minded view of the world. In the landmark Supreme Court case that legalized same-sex marriage na-tionwide, Mr. Duncan filed briefs, ask-ing the Court to reach the opposite re-sult. After the Supreme Court handed down those historic decisions, Mr. Dun-can, who, today, expects to be con-firmed as a Federal appellate judge, claimed that the decision would jeop-ardize civic peace and openly ques-tioned the Supreme Court’s legitimacy. Mr. Duncan also represented the Gloucester County School Board in its effort to deny Gavin Grimm, who is a transgender high school boy, the abil-ity to use the boys’ bathroom. He rep-resented North Carolina’s General As-sembly in a lawsuit that challenged the assembly’s bathroom bill banning transgender and gender-nonconforming individuals from using restrooms that are consistent with their gender identi-ties. In his asking courts to allow govern-ment-sanctioned discrimination in these cases, Mr. Duncan has com-pletely ignored scientific evidence and medical expertise. Instead, he has as-serted that transgender individuals are mentally ill. In one case, he argued that there was no sound scientific evi-dence proving that individuals who identify as transgender are not delu-sional. In case after case, Mr. Duncan has defended discrimination and injustice. On voting rights, he defended North Carolina’s discriminatory voter ID law that a Federal court concluded tar-geted African-American voters with al-most ‘‘surgical precision.’’ On immigration, he filed briefs that opposed the Deferred Action for Child-hood Arrivals Program, DACA Pro-gram, which allowed Dreamers to con-tribute to our schools, our commu-nities, and our economy without their having the constant fear of deporta-tion. On criminal justice, he fought to block the retroactive application of the Supreme Court’s decision that ruled it is unconstitutional to sentence kids to life without parole. Time and again, Mr. Duncan has been on the wrong side of justice and has worked to undermine the civil rights of groups that have historically faced dis-crimination. Federal judges have one job and one job only—to dispense equal justice under law. That means everyone—man or woman, gay or straight, Black or Brown or White—should have con-fidence that the judges we hand life-time appointments to will put fairness and fidelity to the law over their per-sonal feelings or political ideologies. Stuart Kyle Duncan has made it per-fectly clear that he cannot and will not meet that standard. That is why I will be voting to reject Mr. Duncan’s nomi-nation, and I urge every Senator who believes in the principle of equal jus-tice under law to do the same. Thank you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I come to the floor to oppose Kyle Duncan’s nomination to serve on the Fifth Cir-cuit Court of Appeals. A review of Mr. Duncan’s record—his cases and chosen causes—shows he is a dangerous, ideological nominee who has consistently been on the wrong side of women’s rights, LGBTQ rights, and civil rights. Let’s start with Mr. Duncan’s record that argues against women’s rights and reproductive free-dom. When he served as the lead counsel in the infamous Hobby Lobby case, he ar-gued that an employer can interfere with a woman’s personal healthcare choices. In Texas, he filed a brief that was in favor of abortion restrictions that would have shut down the vast major-ity of clinics in that State—restric-tions the Supreme Court, ultimately, ruled an ‘‘undue burden’’ on a woman’s constitutional right to a safe, legal abortion. In my home State of Washington, he filed a brief that argued pharmacies should be allowed to refuse to fill birth control prescriptions for ideological reasons. Fortunately, his views did not prevail. Then there is Mr. Duncan’s long record of opposing LGBTQ rights. When it comes to the rights of same- sex couples, he argued against two lov-ing parents who wanted to change their baby’s birth certificate so they could add him to their insurance plan. He ar-gued for denying a same-sex spouse her parental visiting rights to the children she had raised for 8 years. He also de-fended bans on same-sex marriages in Louisiana and Virginia. When the Supreme Court was consid-ering whether to strike down bans on same-sex marriage nationwide, he said the harm of doing this would be ‘‘se-vere, unavoidable, and irreversible,’’ and he filed an amicus brief against it. When the Court then made its historic decision to recognize same-sex mar-riage as a fundamental right, Mr. Dun-can said it ‘‘raises questions about the legitimacy of the Court.’’ He said it might ‘‘imperil civic peace.’’ When it comes to the rights of transgender people, he fought for the intolerant, harmful bathroom ban in North Carolina and against Gavin, a young boy in Virginia who simply wanted his school to allow him to use the men’s restroom. He did it by using bigoted remarks that were nothing short of appalling. In defending the outrageous ban in North Carolina, he relied on bogus tes-timony from a self-proclaimed expert who suggested that transgender people 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:33 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24AP6.013 S24APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2369 April 24, 2018 
are delusional. In his opposing Gavin in Virginia, Mr. Duncan advanced the of-fensive and discredited conspiracy the-ory that schools need to fear athletes who pretend to be transgender in order to gain a competitive advantage. Outside of the court, outside of his client work, he has repeatedly ad-dressed an organization that has been designated as a hate group by the Southern Poverty Law Center—an or-ganization that calls marriage equality an ‘‘oxymoronic institution if ever there was one.’’ There are other red flags about his commitment to defending civil rights. For example, when the Supreme Court ruled that mandatory life sen-tences for minors were unconstitu-tional, he argued the ruling shouldn’t apply retroactively. He argued that prisons that are packed to double their capacity were not in violation of the Eighth Amend-ment’s ban on cruel and unusual pun-ishment. The Supreme Court disagreed, noting the problem caused ‘‘needless suffering and death.’’ In a case involving an innocent man who had spent 14 years on death row— an innocent man—Mr. Duncan argued that the district attorney’s office was not at fault for failing to train a staff member who had withheld evidence. When it comes to one of the funda-mental rights in a democracy—the right to vote, the right of the people to choose their government officials—Mr. Duncan defended a racially tailored voter ID law in North Carolina, which the courts ultimately struck down for targeting African Americans with ‘‘al-most surgical precision.’’ Any one of these cases Mr. Duncan has chosen to take should raise alarm, and any one of the ideological argu-ments he has made should cause con-cern. Yet all of them together paint an unmistakable picture of a nominee who would not uphold women’s rights, LGBTQ rights, or civil rights. To paraphrase one of his own state-ments, if confirmed, I believe the dam-age Mr. Duncan will do to people by putting his ideology over their rights will be severe, unavoidable, and irre-versible. I oppose his nomination. I urge all of my colleagues to join me. Thank you. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECESS Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate stand in recess until 2:15 p.m. There being no objection, the Senate, at 12:27 p.m., recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassembled when called to order by the Presiding Officer (Mr. PORTMAN ). 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Hampshire. Ms. HASSAN. Mr. President, I rise today to oppose the nomination of Stu-art Kyle Duncan to serve on the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals. Our Founders established our court system as an independent arbiter that would protect the rights of every American and ensure equal justice under the law. For us to move forward, our democracy requires an independent and impartial judiciary. Unfortunately, the Trump adminis-tration has focused on nominating in-dividuals to our courts who have ex-treme partisan agendas that would move us backward. This latest nomina-tion is no different. Mr. Duncan has spent his career working to undermine the progress we have made toward building a more inclusive, more equal United States. Rather than working to include more people in our democracy, Mr. Duncan’s law practice has seem-ingly been devoted to restricting peo-ple’s rights and making life more chal-lenging for some of the most marginalized among us. His dangerous record raises serious doubts about his ability to act impartially on the bench with regard to a number of key issues. In recent years, our Nation has made significant progress in advancing the rights of our LGBTQ family and friends, built on the principle that all people deserve the right to fully par-ticipate in the social, civic, and eco-nomic life of our community. At every turn, Mr. Duncan has been on the wrong side of history, working at the forefront in the fight against LGBTQ equality. He has been vehemently op-posed to marriage equality, filing a legal brief to the Supreme Court argu-ing against the decision that was reached in the 2015 Obergefell v. Hodges case, later claiming that the decision ‘‘raises a question about the legitimacy of the Court.’’ He has even gone so far as to repeatedly claim that nationwide marriage equality, ‘‘imperils civic peace,’’ a statement that is both ridic-ulous and offensive. Mr. Duncan has fought against adop-tion rights for same-sex parents and has dismissed the real necessity for LGBTQ antidiscrimination laws. He has been unyielding in his at-tempts to undermine the rights of transgender individuals. In two major cases involving transgender rights, in-cluding the now infamous so-called ‘‘bathroom bill’’ in North Carolina, Mr. Duncan has been the go-to attorney, demeaning transgender people and even describing them as ‘‘delusional.’’ Given his history, I am deeply con-cerned that Mr. Duncan would be un-able to act impartially if a case involv-ing LGBTQ Americans were to come before the Fifth Circuit. I also have real concerns of Mr. Dun-can’s record when it comes to women’s healthcare and their constitutionally protected rights because his record shows that he has been a consistent op-ponent of reproductive freedom. Mr. Duncan was the lead counsel in the backward Supreme Court Hobby Lobby decision, which allows employ-ers to deny contraceptive coverage to women. He has long supported efforts to diminish women’s access to their constitutionally protected right to an abortion, arguing in favor of a Texas law in Whole Woman’s Health v. Hellerstedt that shut down abortion providers and was eventually rejected by the Court. He even contested the fact that contraceptives can be nec-essary to protect a woman’s health and has challenged the importance of con-traception to a woman’s capacity to compete economically. Medical professionals prescribe con-traceptives to women for a variety of health conditions, including conditions such as ovarian cysts, which can be de-bilitating and could threaten a wom-an’s fertility. Moreover, women who use contraceptives to engage in family planning often have better health out-comes, as do their children. To compete economically on a level playing field, women must be able to make their own decisions about if or when to start a family. Studies have shown that women who have greater access to contraceptive coverage are better able to support themselves and their families and to be full partici-pants not just in our economy but also in our democracy. Women must be recognized for their capacity to make their own healthcare decisions, just as men are. They must also have the full independence to do so. But it is clear that Mr. Duncan has a fundamental misunderstanding of the importance of reproductive freedom and ensuring that women are treated equally. On these key issues, Mr. Duncan lacks the impartiality and commit-ment to equal justice for every Amer-ican that is needed to serve in a life-time judicial appointment. This is par-ticularly critical on the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals, which covers States that lack critical protections for LGBTQ Americans and have a history of passing dangerous laws that have blocked women’s access to healthcare. Marginalized individuals in the States in the Fifth Circuit and all Americans deserve judges who will always use sound judgment and objectivity and not operate with extreme ideological agendas. I will oppose Mr. Duncan’s nomina-tion to the Fifth Circuit Court of Ap-peals, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. Thank you. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:33 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24AP6.015 S24APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2370 April 24, 2018 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I rise to speak in opposition to the nomi-nation of Kyle Duncan to the Fifth Cir-cuit Court of Appeals. Mr. Duncan has spent large portions of his legal career seeking to suppress the rights of immigrants, minorities, women, and the LGBTQ community. In short, his values are grossly out of touch with a modern and inclusive America. I can’t say I am surprised that Mr. Duncan has been nominated by a Presi-dent who has called Mexicans racists and drug dealers. President Trump and Mr. Duncan share the same extreme political ideology, especially regarding their view of immigrants. Mr. Duncan, in an amicus brief challenging the De-ferred Action for Parents of Americans and Lawful Permanent Residents, wrote that permitting DAPA—the ac-ronym for that program—to go into ef-fect would exacerbate the problem of violent crime by unauthorized immi-grants. This position advances the false and offensive narrative that a majority of immigrants are violent criminals. In fact, DAPA was a program that would have allowed the parent of a U.S. cit-izen or lawful permanent resident who had lived in the United States continu-ously for years and passed a criminal background check to remain in the United States with legal status and a work permit. This program was never implemented, but it would have kept families together, and to suggest it would have benefited criminals and threatened public safety is just plain wrong. It fits with the Republican Par-ty’s misleading and racist attacks on immigrants in this country. Mr. Duncan makes these arguments despite overwhelming evidence that immigrants commit less crime than native-born Americans, and numerous law enforcement entities have voiced their support for DAPA because the program actually advances public safe-ty by encouraging cooperation and trust between immigrant communities and the police. A year after voicing his opposition to DAPA, Mr. Duncan submitted another amicus brief. This time he argued against the Deferred Action for Child-hood Arrivals, known as DACA, claim-ing it was unconstitutional. So we know where Mr. Duncan stands in stereotyping immigrants, but Mr. Dun-can is not just hostile to immigrants. He represented North Carolina in its defense of a discriminatory voting law, urging2 the Supreme Court to hear the case. In the brief, Duncan wrote, ‘‘The Constitution does not allow the sins of Civil Rights-era legislators to be vis-ited on their grandchildren and great- grandchildren.’’ Yet the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals had found that the law was enacted with discriminatory intent and ‘‘targeted African Ameri-cans with almost surgical precision.’’ Mr. Duncan appeared to have clearly missed the point as to who the real vic-tims were. In another voting rights case, Dun-can argued that Texas’s restrictive voter ID law helped to ‘‘prevent voter fraud.’’ Although this myth has been debunked over and over and over again, the Republican Party, President Trump, and Mr. Duncan continue to perpetuate this lie to the American people in an effort to suppress the vot-ing rights of others. I would be remiss if I ended these re-marks without noting Mr. Duncan’s ex-tremely troubling record on reproduc-tive rights and his hostility toward the LGBTQ community. He has continu-ously fought to restrict women’s access to contraceptives. In 2013, he criticized the Affordable Care Act’s inclusion of contraceptives as an essential benefit for the health and economic success of society, particularly women. Given that he holds these views, it seems fitting that Mr. Duncan would serve as the lead counsel in Hobby Lobby v. Burwell, in which he argued that corporations have the right to deny contraceptive coverage to their employees. I am sure he was pleased when the Supreme Court agreed with him. Yet, when the Supreme Court handed down its decision in Obergefell v. Hodges, which recognized same-sex marriage as a fundamental right, Dun-can said that such a decision ‘‘raises a question about the legitimacy of the Court.’’ This comment cuts to the core of my opposition to Mr. Duncan—his disregard and contempt for judicial precedent he disagrees with. Even before the Supreme Court con-sidered same-sex marriage, Duncan warned that if the courts granted the right to same-sex marriage, then they might have to grant the right to marry a first cousin or a 13-year-old. To clar-ify, this is a man who believes that the rights of a corporation to deny employ-ees health benefits is perfectly con-stitutional. Yet granting the right to same-sex marriage will lead us down a road to child marriage. I know my colleagues are on a furi-ous quest to pack the Federal bench with conservative judges—judges who hold outrageous views, views out of step with the American public. I do not trust, nor does his record suggest, that once Mr. Duncan puts on the judicial robe, he will uphold the rule of law for all Americans and not just those who share his ideological views. I do not believe he can be an unbiased jurist, and that is exactly why the President nominated him and his sup-porters will vote for him. I urge my colleagues to oppose the nomination of Mr. Duncan. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I am here to oppose the nomination of Kyle Duncan to be a judge on the U.S. Circuit Court for the Fifth Circuit. The court of appeals for that circuit and every other in our country is su-premely important not only to people who live in its direct jurisdiction but for all people of our country. Courts of appeals make decisions that are bind-ing on district courts in that jurisdic-tion and also have an impact on other judges and courts throughout the coun-try at every level. From day one, the Trump adminis-tration has made attacking basic civil liberties a guiding principle of the poli-cies it supports, including its judicial nominees. It is inexcusably seeking to turn back the clock on the progress we have made. We fought back hard against these arcane and irrational policies, but President Trump’s at-tempt to stack our courts with extrem-ist judges may, in the end, have the most long-lasting and devastating im-pact on our Nation. That is why I am here today, with many of my col-leagues, to sound the alarm on Kyle Duncan. He has been nominated to this court, but he has made a career of seeking to turn back policies that pro-tect the most vulnerable members of our country. He is out of mainstream. In fact, he is out of the stream entirely. His views are extreme, fringed, and, collectively, they make him unfit to be a judge on this court that I greatly respect. Out of respect to members of the court, we should confirm someone only if they meet high standards. Kyle Duncan has attacked the voting rights of minority groups—in one case, even defending a law that a Federal circuit court said targeted African- American voters with ‘‘almost surgical precision.’’ He has attacked the rights of same-sex couples, leading several ef-forts against marriage equality. He has attacked the rights of the transgender community to be safe in their schools and communities. He has attacked pro-tections for Dreamers, making it hard-er for them to obtain documentation, such as simple driver’s licenses. Over and over, he has attacked wom-en’s rights and women’s health in a way that I think disqualifies him for this court. Like so many other nomi-nees before him, Kyle Duncan is an anti-choice zealot who has shown time and again that he is more worried about pushing his personal ideology than faithfully upholding the Constitu-tion. His views on women’s rights and women’s healthcare are more than morally repugnant; they are downright dangerous. In fact, Kyle Duncan has led the charge in defending unconstitutional and unnecessary laws that target abor-tion providers, attempting to legislate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:33 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24AP6.017 S24APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2371 April 24, 2018 
them out of existence with little regard for the women who will be harmed as a result. These laws, which have spread around the country at an alarming rate, serve no medical purpose. They put barriers between women and the care they need and deserve. Twice— twice—Mr. Duncan has falsely argued that these restrictions targeting abor-tion providers in Louisiana and Texas were ‘‘medically reasonable’’ and based on ‘‘solid medical ground.’’ These laws were rightly struck down both times. Indeed, these laws are the opposite of medically reasonable. In no way are they based on medical ground. With this nominee’s enthusiastic support, these unconstitutional State-level re-strictions have proliferated, shutting down women’s healthcare providers, delaying much needed care, and put-ting women’s health at risk. Kyle Duncan’s peddling of misin-formation as a lawyer fighting for these unnecessary and unconstitu-tional abortion laws is frightening enough. Imagine what he could do on the bench. He has fought to undo historic healthcare victories provided by the Affordable Care Act’s birth control mandate. As we know in this Cham-ber—and I think we need to acknowl-edge—this mandate has made a dif-ference in the lives of an astonishing 64.2 million women who were able to access birth control with no out-of- pocket costs in the last year alone. This has given women greater power over their health, their well-being, their futures, their reproductive deci-sions, and their finances. Yet Mr. D
UNCAN has attacked the birth control mandate repeatedly. He sought to leave a woman’s right to ac-cess affordable healthcare to the whims of her employer. Worse, he has ab-surdly denied that contraception is healthcare at all and has said the idea of contraception as a right is ‘‘dis-turbing.’’ It is a constitutional right. To him, it is disturbing. What kind of a judge will he be? Despite what Kyle Duncan believes, birth control is healthcare. A woman’s access to it is a right, and his false, ideologically driven assaults are wrong. I will oppose Kyle Duncan’s nomina-tion to the Fifth Circuit Court of Ap-peals, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. Thank you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Louisiana. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be allowed to complete my brief remarks before we vote on the nomination of Mr. Duncan. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. KENNEDY. Thank you. Mr. President, in a few minutes, we are going to vote on the nomination of Mr. Kyle Duncan for a position on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Cir-cuit. Mr. Duncan was nominated by Presi-dent Trump. He has been vetted—ex-amined, if you will—extensively by the White House. He has been vetted—ex-amined, if you will—extensively the Department of Justice. He has been vetted by the FBI. He has been vetted by the American Bar Association, and he has been vetted by the Senate’s Ju-diciary Committee. All of those enti-ties have found that he is qualified—in-deed, more than qualified—to sit on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Cir-cuit. If you look at his resume and his ex-perience, you will understand why. Mr. Duncan clerked for the Honorable John Duhe on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. As you know, Fed-eral clerkships are highly coveted, but judges generally pick the top students and the top members of their class. Mr. Duncan was picked. He has an LL.M. from the Columbia University School of Law, one of the finest law schools in the world. Mr. Duncan is an honors graduate of LSU Law School and an honors graduate with a B.A. degree from Louisiana State University as well. He has argued over 30 cases in Fed-eral and State appellate courts. Some lawyers never argue a single one. He has briefed, prepared, and argued some 30 cases. He served in the office of the attor-ney general in the State of Louisiana as appellate chief. He has represented my State in many high-profile cases, and he also has experience as an assist-ant solicitor general in the attorney general’s office in Texas. Those who know Kyle and who have participated in the vetting process know that he is articulate, a careful thinker, and has a deep understanding of the importance of the separation of powers, and for that reason, he has been supported by a bipartisan group of both current and former lawyers. I do not recognize the Kyle Duncan being described by some of my col-leagues. I say this with all due respect. I think some of my colleagues, in criti-cizing Mr. Duncan, are confusing the role of the lawyer and the client. I used to practice law. When a client came to me and said ‘‘Kennedy, I need you to represent me,’’ I did what they asked in that particular lawsuit. If his position was lawful, I would say: OK, tell me what your problem is and what your arguments are, and I will look at it from my standpoint and maybe sup-ply some additional arguments under the law. But when my client described to me his problem and his analysis of it, I can’t remember a single time when I said: Oh, jeez, I don’t agree with you. I don’t like your politics. I just don’t agree with your position. I could have, but that was not my role as a lawyer. So long as what my client was pro-posing was legal, my role as their law-yer was that they were entitled to legal representation. My role was not to substitute my judgment for theirs. I have listened to my colleagues’ criticism of Mr. Duncan. They don’t know what his beliefs are, with all due respect. They have said: Well, in this case, he said that, and in this case he said that, and in this case over here, he said that, as though it was his point of view. They were his clients’ points of view. Mr. Duncan has developed an exper-tise in constitutional law. He is a sen-ior partner in a boutique firm. That means, of course, as you know, a small-er firm that has a specialty here in Washington, DC. Clients from all over the country and from all over the world come to him with constitutional law problems, and they ask him to liti-gate. They ask him to espouse their point of view—not Mr. Duncan’s point of view, but the client’s point of view. It is just not fair, it seems to me, to criticize a lawyer for doing what he is bound by our code of ethics and, in-deed, the law to do. If I didn’t think Kyle Duncan would call the balls and the strikes based on the rule of law that we cherish in America, I wouldn’t be standing here today, but he will. I would respectfully suggest that all of my colleagues put aside the politics, put aside whether they like President Trump, and look at this man for himself. What they will see is a very qualified, very successful lawyer who worships the rule of law and who will apply the law as this Con-gress and the U.S. Supreme Court have dictated. Thank you, Mr. President. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. DAINES ). Under the previous order, all postcloture time has expired. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Duncan nomi-nation? Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN) and the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. F
LAKE ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 50, nays 47, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 82 Ex.] YEAS—50 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee Manchin McConnell Moran Murkowski Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:33 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24AP6.018 S24APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2372 April 24, 2018 
Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—47 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Jones Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—3 
Duckworth McCain Paul 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 788, Mike Pompeo. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The bill clerk read the nomination of Mike Pompeo, of Kansas, to be Sec-retary of State. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The bill clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Mike Pompeo, of Kansas, to be Sec-retary of State. Mitch McConnell, Orrin G. Hatch, Todd Young, John Cornyn, Bill Cassidy, John Boozman, Deb Fischer, David Perdue, James Lankford, Roger F. Wicker, John Thune, Tom Cotton, Mike Rounds, Roy Blunt, James M. Inhofe, Thom Tillis, Bob Corker. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. I move to proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. EXECUTIVE SESSION EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 619, Richard Grenell. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The bill clerk read the nomination of Richard Grenell, of California, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary of the United States of America to the Federal Republic of Germany. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The bill clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Richard Grenell, of California, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary of the United States of America to the Federal Republic of Germany. Mitch McConnell, Cory Gardner, Orrin G. Hatch, Tom Cotton, James Lankford, Steve Daines, Roy Blunt, Mike Crapo, Johnny Isakson, John Thune, Thom Tillis, James M. Inhofe, Pat Roberts, Lindsey Graham, James E. Risch, John Hoeven, John Boozman. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum calls for the cloture motions be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that with re-spect to the Dunkin nomination, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. J
OHNSON ). Without objection, it is so ordered. 
TAX REFORM  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I was reading a piece in the Wall Street Jour-nal last week by Kevin Hassett, who was the Chairman of the White House Council of Economic Advisers. His piece made an important point that doesn’t often come out as clearly as it should, and that is that when American businesses benefit, American workers benefit. My friends on the other side of the aisle like to obfuscate that point. Presumably they think they can gain political points by pitting businesses and workers against each other, as if benefits for businesses and benefits for workers were somehow diametrically opposed and as if, somehow, workers could thrive while businesses struggle. As the piece I was reading pointed out, ‘‘In a modern competitive econ-omy, workers do well when their em-ployers do.’’ If you think about it, it really is just common sense. The vast majority of working Americans work for businesses, whether they are self- employed, an employee of a small busi-ness, or an employee of a large corpora-tion. For those employees to thrive, the businesses they are working for have to thrive as well. Struggling businesses do not invest in workers; they can’t. They don’t hire new employees. They don’t raise wages. They don’t improve benefits. On the other hand, thriving busi-nesses do invest in their workers, they do hire new employees, they do raise wages, and they do improve benefits. Leaving aside the fact that most busi-ness owners want to invest in their workers, successful business owners have to invest in their workers if they want their businesses to keep thriving. For starters, successful businesses tend to need new workers, and the way to attract new workers is with good wages, good opportunities, and good benefits. Once a successful business has good employees, it tends to want to keep them so that the business can keep prospering and thriving. How do businesses keep employees? The same way they attract them in the first place—with good wages, good opportu-nities, and good benefits. As Mr. Hassett notes in the Wall Street Journal: Research by economists Alan Krueger and Lawrence Summers, both of whom served in the Obama administration, shows that more- profitable employers pay higher wages. Any company that attempts to pay a worker less than he is worth will quickly lose that work-er to a competitor. Thus, firms that want to thrive must invest in their plants and their workers. 
Ask any business owner in the coun-try, and he or she will tell you that it is a competitive labor market. Unem-ployment is at a 17-year low. In a tight, competitive labor market, employers have to work to keep their employees. Our focus with last fall’s tax reform was on making life better for ordinary Americans, so we set out to put more money in their pockets right away by cutting tax rates across the board, nearly doubling the standard deduction and doubling the child tax credit. As a result, for 2018, a family of four making $73,000 will see a tax cut of more than $2,000. We knew the tax cuts, as helpful as they are, weren’t enough. Americans also needed access to profitable ca-reers, good jobs, good wages, and good 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24AP6.003 S24APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2373 April 24, 2018 
opportunities. We knew the only way to guarantee access to good jobs, good wages, and good opportunities was to make sure businesses were prosperous enough to create and maintain them. So when it came time for tax reform, we set out to improve the playing field for American workers by improving the playing field for businesses, as well, and it is working. Companies are putting tax reform to work. They are investing in new equip-ment, expanding their facilities, and growing their lines of business, all of which mean more jobs and opportuni-ties for Americans. Most importantly, companies are passing along the benefits of tax re-form. Company after company has an-nounced pay raises, bonuses, 401(k) match increases, and other benefits for their workers. Others are passing tax savings on to their customers in the form of things like utility rate cuts. The tax reform law has been in place only for 4 months. As businesses con-tinue to see the benefits of tax reform, we can expect to see the playing field for workers continue to improve. Ultimately, by helping American businesses thrive, tax reform will help give more Americans access to the kinds of jobs, wages, and opportunities that not only will benefit them right now but also will give them access to security and prosperity for the long term. 
NOMINATION OF MIKE POMPEO  
Mr. President, before I close, I would like to take a couple of minutes to dis-cuss the nomination of Mike Pompeo to be Secretary of State. I don’t need to tell anyone how in-credibly qualified he is for this job: first in his class at West Point; 5 years of Active-Duty service in the Army, achieving the rank of captain; editor of the Harvard Law Review; elected to Congress four times by Kansas’s Fourth Congressional District, serving on the House Intelligence Committee; and, finally, Director of the Central In-telligence Agency. Clearly, he has proved his dedication as a public serv-ant and is an outstanding candidate for Secretary of State. His nomination should be sailing through the Senate, and normally it would be. Prior to this Presidency, we were on a pretty bipartisan track for Secretary of State confirmations. Members of both parties believed it was important that a President have a na-tional security team to support him, and they voted accordingly. John Kerry was confirmed as Secretary of State by a vote of 94 to 3. Hillary Clin-ton was confirmed as Secretary of State by a vote of 94 to 2. Condoleezza Rice was confirmed as Secretary of State by a vote of 85 to 13, and Colin Powell was confirmed as Secretary of State unanimously. This doesn’t mean that Republicans agreed with all of John Kerry’s or Hil-lary Clinton’s policies or that the Democrats agreed with all of Condoleezza Rice’s or Colin Powell’s policies. But Members of both parties recognized that these nominees were qualified, and they believed that par-tisanship shouldn’t play a role when it came to making sure the President had a national security team to support him. Fast forward to today. Gone is the bi-partisanship of the past. Today, Demo-crats are obstructing an entirely and eminently qualified candidate for Sec-retary of State for the sole reason that they don’t like this President. They didn’t get their way in the last elec-tion, and, in response, they have spent the last year or more obstructing one qualified nominee after another. I get that the Democrats don’t like President Trump, but when you are a Member of the U.S. Senate, you have to think beyond your own preferences and accept the fact that in a free coun-try with free elections, sometimes you don’t get your way. Obstructing nominees has con-sequences. At the very least, delaying a President’s ability to staff his adminis-tration diminishes his ability to serve the American people effectively, but that is not all. Obstructing certain nominees, such as a nominee for Sec-retary of State, can have consequences for our national security and diplo-macy. An incomplete national security team is a detriment to the safety and security of our country. Right now, the United States and our allies are currently facing a number of serious challenges from North Korea and an increasingly emboldened Iran to chemical attacks in Syria and the ever- present threat of terrorists. It is vital that the President have a fully equipped national security team to monitor and address these dangers. It is beyond irresponsible that Senate Democrats are compromising the President’s ability to respond to threats simply because they prefer not to confirm anyone he has nominated. Democrats should immediately drop their obstruction of Mike Pompeo and confirm him as Secretary of State, and they should stop obstructing other qualified national security nominees, such as Andrea Thompson, a native of my home State of South Dakota, who has been nominated as Under Secretary of State for Arms Control and Inter-national Security Affairs. You would think Democrats would be content with their unprecedented ob-struction of the President’s nominees, but, unfortunately, there is another thing the Democrats are obstructing right now, and that is the Coast Guard reauthorization bill. Once again, it is clear that Demo-crats are obstructing not because they have serious objections to the bill but because obstruction has become their default response to legislation in the Republican-led Congress. Democrats claim that the Coast Guard reauthorization bill has not re-ceived sufficient input or debate, and that could not be further from the truth. A portion of the bill they are os-tensibly concerned about is the Vessel Incidental Discharge Act, or VIDA. It has been introduced in the last five Congresses, and more than one of those times it was introduced by Democrats. The current version of the bill is the product of not just months but years of hearings, meetings, and negotiations. Despite the fact that this year’s origi-nal version of VIDA had bipartisan sup-port, we made a number of further con-cessions to address concerns that have been raised by Democratic Senators, but they just keep moving the goal posts. It has become pretty clear that Democrats’ real objection is not to the bill itself but to working with Repub-licans or to seeing the President ac-complish anything. I hardly need to say the Coast Guard reauthorization bill is an important bill. It authorizes the Coast Guard’s funding, as well as pay and benefits for Coast Guard personnel, who play a vital role in maintaining national se-curity and law and order in the waters around the United States. It would be nice if Democrats would consider dropping their partisan objec-tions and working with Republicans to pass this essential piece of legislation and working with us to help get con-firmed particularly critical national security nominees at a time when we face an array of threats across the en-tire planet. Nominees like the Secretary of State, particularly well-qualified ones, are not to be trifled with. It is not a time to play politics when you are dealing with America’s vital national security interests. I hope that this Chamber, this body, will return to the tradition we have had in past administrations in which we have approved Secretaries of State, as I said earlier, by votes of 94 to 3, 94 to 2, 85 to 13, and unanimously. Those were the last four Secretaries of State. This has turned into a partisan game, if you will, at a time when our country really can’t afford for us to play par-tisan games. I hope when this vote comes up later this week, we will have a big bipartisan vote, consistent with our history and consistent with the fact that when you have a qualified nominee for an impor-tant position like this, this Senate comes together, takes very seriously its constitutional role in the confirma-tion process, and has that vote—hope-fully, a big bipartisan vote in support of Mike Pompeo. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. 
NORTH KOREA  
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I have been pleased to hear about the progress in the planned negotiations with North Korea over their nuclear program. I was glad to hear of Director Pompeo’s successful visit to North Korea, and I, as much as anyone in this body, wishes the administration success in these talks and negotiations. Given the his-tory of broken promises, I have my 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24AP6.027 S24APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2374 April 24, 2018 
doubts as to whether the North Korean regime has any genuine interest or willingness to denuclearize, but even a freeze will be welcome. However, I am concerned about the language used by the President today when discussing the North Korean re-gime. To say that Kim Jong Un has been ‘‘very open’’ or ‘‘very honorable,’’ as the President did, surpasses under-standing. If this description of one of the world’s strongman dictators were a singular event, a one-off statement, it could perhaps be excused as an aberra-tion, but, unfortunately, it is not. It is part of a larger pattern of excusing dic-tatorial behavior that we should not countenance. We need not sacrifice the truth and reject objective reality in pursuit of our goals. We cannot pretend that the Kim Jong Un of today is somehow dif-ferent from the authoritarian dictator who has ruled over one of the most vio-lent and repressive regimes on Earth. I am happy to hear that the North Korean Government is apparently en-gaging as an honest broker in the proc-ess of arranging these talks, but I be-lieve that how the President of the United States describes world leaders matters. For the President to describe a leader who stands credibly accused of starving his own people, violently exe-cuting his political opponents, and murdering members of his own family as ‘‘very open’’ and ‘‘very honorable’’ is beyond comprehension. Furthermore, it undermines the moral authority we have long possessed on the world stage. The President himself has previously declared Kim Jong Un as ‘‘obviously a madman who doesn’t mind starving or killing his own people.’’ The President has also repeatedly and correctly re-ferred to the North Korean regime’s violent torture of Otto Warmbier as ‘‘horrible.’’ The pursuit of these nego-tiations does not require that we sur-render the values we stand for as a na-tion. We cannot pretend the atrocities of the Northern Korean regime are a thing of the past. We need to enter these negotiations with our eyes wide open. We must understand and recog-nize who it is we are sitting across the table from. Only then do I believe we will actually succeed in these negotia-tions and emerge from this planned summit with the result we all seek—a safer world. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
DARK MONEY  
Ms. CORTEZ MASTO. Mr. President, there is an old saying that ‘‘there is no such thing as a free lunch,’’ but what about other things? What about free Spanish language driver’s education classes? What about free backpacks, notebooks, pencils, and school supplies in the month before school starts? What about free financial wellness workshops, free turkeys in the week before Thanksgiving? These thing are all given away at events hosted by the LIBRE Initia-tive—a self-described grassroots orga-nization dedicated to a ‘‘free and open society.’’ The events were held in Latino communities throughout the country, including Las Vegas, Miami, and Orlando. People attending these events were asked to fill out a questionnaire. Ques-tions included: ‘‘Are you more likely to vote for a Republican or a Democrat in the 2016 election?’’ ‘‘Do you feel the government should increase or decrease Federal spending in order to improve the economy?’’ ‘‘What is your name, email address, and telephone number?’’ People actually had to hand over their personal data in exchange for the free stuff. So the stuff wasn’t really free after all—but close enough, right? Well, in a career spent as a pros-ecutor, I have learned one thing: Al-ways follow the money. If you follow the money just one step back, you learn that LIBRE is a shell organiza-tion funded by Charles and David Koch, two of the most powerful men in Amer-ican politics. Charles and David Koch are the owners of Koch Industries, a massive energy company that manu-factures, distributes, and refines petro-leum. Koch Industries is one of the largest privately held companies in the Nation, with estimated annual reve-nues of over $100 billion. What does all this mean? It means the Koch brothers are two very rich men, and there is nothing wrong with that. What is wrong is the way the Koch brothers use their money to hi-jack our democracy for their own ben-efit. The Koch brothers are self-described radicals who believe the government should play no role in Americans’ lives. The Koch brothers believe in a world with no Medicare, no Social Security, no Federal minimum wage, no public programs that support families when they fall on hard times, and no rules preventing Koch Industries from pol-luting our air, drinking water, or our public lands. The Koch brothers hate environ-mental regulations because Koch In-dustries is one of the top 10 worst pol-luters in the United States. Fewer en-vironmental regulations mean the Koch brothers can obtain bigger finan-cial gains. To keep their empire afloat, the Koch brothers are not just polluting our en-vironment, they are polluting our po-litical system, and they are polluting our airways with false advertising. The Kochs want Americans to believe climate change is a conspiracy, despite the global scientific consensus that cli-mate change is caused by burning fossil fuels. Why would they want to cast doubt on scientific fact? Because the Koch brothers sell and burn fossil fuels for a living, and they believe pro-tecting our environment is bad for their bottom line. To protect their bottom line, the Kochs funnel money through a network of nonprofit organizations, founda-tions, and shell companies. These com-panies lobby the government, produce fake research reports, and run ad cam-paigns to manipulate and deceive the American people. Buying a democracy does not come cheap, but the Koch brothers are not stingy. In 2010, the year Citizens United opened the floodgates for big money in politics, the Kochs spent $125 million to support Republican can-didates who pledged to roll back envi-ronmental and consumer protections. Since the 2010 elections, their influ-ence has grown. They have spent hun-dreds of millions of dollars supporting candidates who spread lies that climate change is a conspiracy, that immi-grants cause crime, and that more money in the Koch brothers’ pocket means more money in yours. Now, the Koch brothers have big plans for the upcoming 2018 election. They have announced they will spend $400 million in the upcoming election cycle—their largest midterm election investment yet. Much of that money will be spent directly targeting Latinos through advertisements, events, and workshops. The Koch brothers think they can buy the Latino vote, just like they bought the votes of the House Freedom Caucus and so many other Republican politicians, but despite what their ads say, the Koch brothers are not advo-cates for the Latino community. They are advocates for more money in their own pockets, nothing more. The Koch brothers have supported some of the most anti-immigrant poli-ticians in America, including LOUIE G
OHMERT , Mike Pompeo, S TEVE KING, Russell Pearce, and Kris Kobach. These are the men responsible for policies like Trump’s Muslim ban and Arizona’s anti-immigrant law, SB 1070. The Koch brothers support politi-cians who want to end government funding for Planned Parenthood. If they get their way, Latinas would be hurt the most. More than 23 percent of Planned Parenthood patients are Latinas. Latinas are more likely to be diag-nosed with cervical cancer than women in any other racial or ethnic group. Planned Parenthood gives them access to annual screenings so they can stay healthy and cancer-free. The Koch brothers support school choice, which they say gives Latino families more freedom in how they educate their kids, but school choice vouchers take money out of the public school system, causing many Latino kids whose parents can’t afford private schools to fall behind. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24AP6.029 S24APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2375 April 24, 2018 
The Koch brothers are close allies of Betsy DeVos, our current Education Secretary. Her claim to fame is her role in dragging Michigan’s public edu-cation system to the bottom of na-tional rankings and leaving thousands of students without access to a quality education. To make matters worse, the Kochs are working to undermine access to health insurance for working people. Latinos are less likely to have health insurance than any other racial or eth-nic group. Without health insurance, a trip to the ER can result in a bill so ex-pensive that a family can’t pay their rent for months. Organizations like LIBRE will tell you their agenda is designed to pro-mote freedom and self-sufficiency. They put out propaganda implying that Democrats don’t believe in free-dom because we believe government has a role in protecting access to af-fordable healthcare, clean water, air, and quality schools. The Koch brothers love freedom, but their freedom is to pollute our rivers, streams, and our air. Democrats believe in a different kind of freedom—the freedom to breathe clean air and drink clean water, the freedom to walk away from a trip to the ER without a medical bill that costs more than what you make in a year, and the freedom to walk into Planned Parenthood and walk out with information you need to make your own reproductive choices. We don’t believe in the kind of free-dom that allows Charles and David Koch to pull the strings of our democ-racy. How can anyone call that free-dom at all? What the Koch brothers and their web of dark money organizations like LIBRE are really doing is deceiving Latinos and supporting the very same politicians who are working against Latino families. So, this year, as the Koch brothers are pulling out their checkbooks to fund their disinformation campaign, follow the money. Follow the money to find out who is paying for that glossy ad you see on TV. Follow the money that flows through LIBRE and other Koch-backed organizations to politi-cians who vote against immigrants, Dreamers, and refugees. The Koch brothers have spent mil-lions of dollars funding Tea Party can-didates in Congress—the main obsta-cles to immigration reform. What good are school supplies and driver’s edu-cation classes and free health checkups if parents of American citizens are get-ting deported, if schools in our commu-nities are being gutted, and if commu-nity health clinics are closing their doors? The Latino community in Nevada, and in communities of color across America, are strong, resilient, and di-verse. We will not be fooled by false ad-vertising. So many of our family members came to this country because they knew what it was like to live under the rule of oligarchs and elites. They came here because they wanted to have the freedom to pursue their dreams. Charles and David Koch want to buy Latino votes, buy our voices, and buy our democracy, which folks like my dad Manny Cortez worked all of their lives to protect. But I believe in the wisdom of the American people. I believe in the wis-dom of our voters who will fight the lies, just as they did in Nevada 2 years ago. I have seen the Kochs’ power and influence firsthand. They spent $10 mil-lion trying to defeat me in 2016. They threw millions into LIBRE to buy off Latino voters in Nevada. But they failed because Democrats in Congress continued to beat the drum and make voters aware of the lies, and I will keep fighting to do the same in the Senate. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I wish to take a moment to thank Senator W
HITEHOUSE for his bold leadership and continuing the fight to rid our political system of dark money. All across our country, teachers are taking to the streets to demand what no teacher should ever have to ask for: fair pay and decent benefits. In State after State, education has been cut to the bone. They have even cut the bone. Kids are crammed into overcrowded classrooms. They are handed tattered textbooks. Their teachers are paid so little that some qualify for food stamps. In fact, salaries are so low in some States that teachers are working two, three, and sometimes four jobs just to make ends meet. Many people don’t know this, but teachers have always had a very spe-cial place in my heart. As a little girl growing up in Oklahoma, there was one person I admired more than anyone else in the world—my second grade teacher, Mrs. Lee. I will never forget the day that Mrs. Lee took me aside and explained that if I worked hard, I could become a teacher too. Those words changed my life. Today, I am the daughter of a maintenance man, who became a teacher, a professor, and a U.S. Senator because America invested in teachers like Mrs. Lee, and that meant investing in the thousands of students she reached through the years. I am grateful to that America. I believe in that America. But I will be honest—I am scared to death that our children and grandchildren may never know that America. Right now, in one of the richest na-tions on the planet, American teachers are getting crushed. I want to tell you about one of those teachers—Jonathan Moy, or Mr. Moy, as his students call him. He is a teacher in Oklahoma. Every week, Mr. Moy juggles six jobs in addition to teaching. Mr. Moy coaches two sports teams, drives for Uber and Lyft, drives a schoolbus, and umpires a Little League team so that he can provide for his two daughters. Sadly, Mr. Moy’s story is becoming all too common. According to one esti-mate, teachers are five times more likely than other workers to have a second job. No wonder teachers are taking to the streets in West Virginia, Oklahoma, Kentucky, and Arizona. They have had enough. I am standing shoulder to shoulder with teachers across the country be-cause they deserve better, because our children deserve better, and because in-vestment in teachers is an investment in our kids and ultimately an invest-ment in our future. Like many of my colleagues in this Chamber and fellow Democrats across the country, I am in this fight for the long haul, but if we are to be successful, if we ever hope we can prevail, we should be clear-eyed about what it is that we are up against. The perilous state of affairs for edu-cation funding in our States is not the simple result of a bunch of legislatures who, after listening to their constitu-ents, decided against supporting public education. No, the movement of teach-er protests sweeping the country has revealed corruption—corruption that Republican-controlled States have been sweeping under the rug for dec-ades. The steep cuts to education are the product of an all-out assault on our teachers and our schools that has been launched by a handful of billionaires. One of the principal tools rich and pow-erful people use is dark money. They have created an invasive enemy that slithers out of sight, with only a glimpse here or there, but make no mistake—this dark money has helped shape the anti-teacher, anti-worker agenda that undermines our democ-racy. For decades, billionaires have been pouring unlimited, secret money into the hands of carefully picked can-didates who will do their bidding. We often talk about the influence dark money has right here in Washington, but the truth is, the real battle is being fought at the State and local level. Consider the State Policy Network, SPN. It is an umbrella alliance of over 60 member organizations covering nearly every State in the United States. Their member organizations hide behind deceptively apolitical names, such as the Platte Institute for Economic Research or the Thomas Jef-ferson Institute for Public Policy. These organizations are anything but apolitical; these groups are the propa-ganda arm of rightwing billionaires. The State Policy Network, for exam-ple, is bankrolled by the Koch brothers through organizations like DonorsTrust, one of the Kochs’ favorite investment arms. In 2016 alone, DonorsTrust made $20.3 million in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24AP6.031 S24APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2376 April 24, 2018 
grants to State Policy Network mem-bers. In addition to affiliates, the State Policy Network has over 80 associate members. It is a who’s who of right-wing Koch-funded groups, such as the Americans for Prosperity Foundation, the Americans for Tax Reform Founda-tion, the Cato Institute, and the Herit-age Foundation. Their funders also in-clude an array of the biggest and most powerful corporations, including to-bacco giant Philip Morris, food giant Kraft, and pharma giant GlaxoSmithKline. The goal of the State Policy Network and its myriad affiliates is to trick the public into thinking they are genuine, unbiased think tanks researching pub-lic policy issues—think that, instead of rightwing, billionaire-funded groups dedicated to hijacking every legisla-ture in America and passing laws that work for their corporations while they leave everyone else behind. With friends like the aggressively anti-union Koch brothers, it should come as no surprise that one of the State Policy Network’s top priorities is dismantling public sector unions. In a 2016 fundraising letter, the State Pol-icy Network stated that its goal was to ‘‘defund and defang’’ government unions, and it bragged about the work of its affiliates to supply ‘‘intellectual ammunition’’ to weaken unions in States across the country. It touted its work in West Virginia, Indiana, Michi-gan, and Wisconsin, in shepherding pas-sage of laws that make it harder for unions to collect union dues that cover the costs of collective bargaining. Although it focuses on State policy, the State Policy Network’s agenda can have nationwide effects. Just look at the Supreme Court case Janus v. AFSCME, which will determine wheth-er public sector unions that represent teachers, nurses, firefighters, and po-lice officers in States and cities around this country will actually be able to collect fees from workplaces they rep-resent—fees that allow them to nego-tiate for better pay, better wages, and better working conditions. The Illinois Policy Institute, a State Policy Net-work affiliate, works closely with the groups pushing the Court to cut off unions’ funding and force them to rep-resent workers who do not pay dues. The State Policy Network’s attack on the workers is just one prong of a much larger campaign to hand govern-ment over to the rich and powerful. As one of the many tentacles of the Koch network, the State Policy Network also works to gut environmental pro-tections that prevent big corporations from poisoning our water, our food, and our air. It works to dismantle Medicaid and other healthcare protections that provide vulnerable, low-income individ-uals with basic healthcare. It works to slash income and other State taxes that provide critical funds for basic government services. It works to weak-en public pensions that provide govern-ment workers with financial security and retirement. Billionaires and special interests are conspiring to buy our political system. We cannot allow this to happen. That is why I am proud to join my col-leagues in support of bills like the DIS-CLOSE Act to shine a light on the dark web of billionaires who have their hands tightly gripped around the neck of our democracy. Our government should belong to the people, not to wealthy special interests. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, bor-rowing from a phrase from Senator W
HITEHOUSE of Rhode Island, ‘‘It is time to wake up to the threat of cli-mate change.’’ We must open our eyes to the insidious web of deceit that the Koch brothers, in alliance with the Trump Administration, are weaving to promote an anti-science, anti-con-sumer, and anti-renewable energy agenda. This web of deceit is something that the Koch brothers are proud of. Just last week, they bragged to do-nors in a report that they were respon-sible for President Trump’s policies: re-pealing the Clean Power Plan, check; attacking public lands, check; at-tempting to gut bedrock environ-mental laws for infrastructure projects, check; leaving the Paris cli-mate accord, check; tax giveaways to Big Oil and other fossil fuel corpora-tions, check-plus. The first year of the Trump Adminis-tration has been a Koch brothers wish list, and they are popping their cham-pagne bottles all the way to the bank. In fact, the various front groups and trade organizations that pushed Presi-dent Trump to exit the Paris climate accord accepted almost $7 million from the Koch brothers directly. Those groups took millions more from other anti-climate groups, which were also funded by the Koch brothers. It is a tangled web they weave with their money. That is what the Koch brothers have bought—a network of individuals, shady front groups, and partisan orga-nizations whose sole purpose is to un-dermine the policies that protect Americans and the planet from climate change. Like a real spider web, it is hard to see this web of deceit unless the light catches it in just the right way. I am going to shine a light on a few threads of this web tonight, the threads that make up the effort to undermine the scientific consensus on climate change: the Koch brothers and their CO
2Coali-tion. One of these threads is the CO
2 Coalition. This group, founded in 2015 with the remains of the defunct George C. Marshall Institute, pushed a single mantra: ‘‘Carbon dioxide, a nutrient vital for life.’’ The CO2Coalition started where the George C. Marshall Institute, another Koch-backed front group, left off—dis-seminating disinformation, particu-larly around global warming. Total funding from the Koch-related foundations for the CO
2Coalition is more than $650,000 since 2004. In addi-tion to the Kochs, the billionaire con-servative Mercer family also gave the CO
2Coalition $150,000 in 2016. And that is just what we know of. For those not familiar, the board of the CO
2Coalition includes the con-troversial physicist William Happer, who has testified in front of Congress multiple times to push climate denialism and the self-serving interest of the fossil fuel industry and the Koch brothers. When I was chairman of the House Select Committee for Energy Independ-ence and Global Warming, Dr. Happer advocated in testimony for the govern-ment to support an ‘‘alternative hy-pothesis,’’ which amounted to denial of climate change. This ‘‘alternative hy-pothesis’’ was the grandfather of an-other familiar term, the Trump Admin-istration’s so-called alternative facts— ‘‘alternative hypothesis.’’ During those years that I was the chairman of the Select Committee for Energy Independence and Global Warming and the Subcommittee on En-ergy and the Environment of the En-ergy and Commerce Committee, I con-ducted nearly 100 hearings. They went on for hours and hours. We are talking of 200, 300 hours of hearings where we were able to hear these crackpot theo-ries that were enunciated and de-bunked at that time. Despite his views on climate science being routinely de-bunked, including what happened in my hearing back then, Dr. Happer con-tinues to be called as an ‘‘expert wit-ness’’ by Republicans in Congress. From this platform, he spreads doubt and misinformation about climate change. He has called carbon dioxide ‘‘a benefit to the Earth,’’ an absurd asser-tion that is in complete contrast to the findings of the EPA and the vast ma-jority of climate scientists. That is be-cause in its materials, the CO
2Coali-tion states that it has the express pur-pose of ‘‘educating thought leaders, policy makers, and the public about the important contribution made by carbon dioxide to our lives and the economy.’’ In reality, the CO
2Coalition writes articles, produces videos, and uses this content to spread lies about climate change through social media. They seek not to inform but to deform con-sensus scientific views at the bidding of their fossil fuel funders, the Koch brothers. Here is some information about car-bon dioxide that the CO
2Coalition fails to mention in its love letter to fossil fuels. Every ton of carbon we emit costs us $36—that is the social cost of carbon—the cost to all of us of emit-ting an extra ton of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24AP6.051 S24APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2377 April 24, 2018 
That carbon pollution is endangering human health, and it costs us money as a society to treat the damage it does to the health of our planet and the people who live on the planet. Carbon pollu-tion is not a vital nutrient for life, as the CO
2Coalition asserts. It is a dan-gerous pollutant for our society when it is inside of our atmosphere at dan-gerous levels—at dangerous levels. The CO
2Coalition is certainly not the only fossil fuel supported group that is weaving this web of deceit. Especially when it comes to talking about the im-portance of the ‘‘free market,’’ fossil fuel-funded climate deniers often have selective memory loss. The Lexington Institute, which has received funding from fossil fuel com-panies like ExxonMobil, insists that re-newables can’t compete in the free market with fossil fuels without Fed-eral subsidies. That assumes that the fossil fuel industry has succeeded in the free market all on its own. It has not. Adam Smith is spinning in his grave, wondering how the fossil fuel in-dustry gets such subsidies. As a matter of fact, he is spinning so fast that he would qualify for a subsidy under the tax policies, which Republicans put in place. Federal subsidies for the fossil fuel industry are more than 100 years old and account for nearly $15 billion each year. Subsidizing an oil company to drill oil or a coal company to mine is like paying a fish to swim or a bird to fly. You don’t have to do it. The tax breaks for the oil and gas industries are permanent pieces of the Tax Code. These payouts automatically continue year after year—forever, into infinity. They never decrease. They never go away. That is certainly not the case for renewable energy industries, like solar and wind. These industries have had to endure the uncertainty of not knowing if their tax breaks will expire. Now tax breaks for wind are scheduled to end completely next year. That will never happen to a fossil fuel break. The tax breaks for solar will end in 2021, but for the fossil fuel industry, those tax breaks will never come off the books because they fight against special tax breaks for wind and solar. Oh, my goodness. Who would want to help them? In fact, in its taking $15 billion a year every year for 100 years and 100 more years into infinity—completely distorting the free market with the support of fossil fuel companies like ExxonMobil—the Lexington Institute is spinning its strand of the web of de-ceit by trying to stop a renewables rev-olution. The Koch brothers and their fossil fuel allies aren’t doing this alone. They have found their most ardent ally in their campaign to attack climate science in President Donald Trump. Throughout the Trump administration, there has been a concerted effort to deny, to delay, and to defund the science of climate change in an unprec-edented way. Just look at the Presi-dent’s Big Oil all-star Cabinet. At one point, we had former Exxon CEO Rex Tillerson as Secretary of State. We still have former Governor of oil-rich Texas Rick Perry at the Department of Energy. Oklahoma’s oil oligarch Scott Pruitt is heading the Environmental Protection Agency. All of these oil al-lies have voiced doubts about the exist-ence of climate change and the role of humans in causing it, but no one is doing more to help anchor the various strands of the web of deceit on climate science in the Trump administration than the EPA’s Scott Pruitt. Mr. Pruitt announced today a new proposed rule purporting to ‘‘strength-en transparency and validity in regu-latory science.’’ What exactly does this new secret science rule really mean? The proposal would actually do the op-posite of what its name suggests. This proposal would actually restrict the use of scientific research that EPA of-ficials can use in crafting new regula-tions under the guise of so-called trans-parency. The Trump administration would allow the EPA to consider re-search studies for which the underlying data are publicly available. What this proposed change would really do is ef-fectively block the Agency from rely-ing on longstanding, important studies like those that link lead exposure to devastating neurological damage. Scott Pruitt, at the behest of Big Oil and interests like the Koch brothers, wants to deny EPA scientists access to critical information in order to shield polluters, such as coal and chemical companies. Today, as Pruitt ceremo-niously announced his new rule, he was accompanied by—wait for it—William Happer of the CO
2Coalition. The web of deceit is very real. No matter what Scott Pruitt tries to undo at the EPA, no matter what science President Trump tries to deny through the Fed-eral Government, no matter what groups the Koch brothers try to fund, the truth is all too clear. Climate change is happening now. Last year, we experienced a record $16 billion in storms—extreme weather events—and climate-related disasters. It was more than in any year in re-corded history. Hurricanes ravaged Texas, Florida, Puerto Rico. The recov-ery from Hurricane Harvey alone is projected to cost $180 billion. That is the damage even as the Republicans fight to take the wind and solar tax breaks off the books. This year, in Mas-sachusetts, we already experienced four Northeasters before the end of March. Three of those storms cost more than $1 billion. That is the earliest in any year ever recorded that we have experi-enced three storms with this mag-nitude of devastation. The cost of these storms speaks for itself. We simply can’t afford to deny the impacts and reality of climate change anymore. Our greatest weapon in fighting de-ceit and tearing down this web is sun-light—the sunlight of truth and the sunlight that is fueling the solar revo-lution. It is a clean energy revolution that is fueling blue-collar job creation and our economy, and it is happening all across this country and around the globe. Renewable energy is the greatest force for blue-collar job creation in the history of the United States. Right now, wind and solar are gener-ating 7 to 8 percent of the electricity we consume every day in the United States. Right now, we have more than 90,000 megawatts of wind. We have more than 50,000 megawatts of solar in-stalled in the United States. By 2020, we are projected to have 120,000 megawatts of wind. We will have more than 90,000 megawatts of solar. Solar is projected to add an additional 35,000 combined megawatts in 2021 and 2022. That means, by the end of 2022, we could have over 250,000 megawatts of wind and solar installed in the United States. You can see what is happening now with wind and solar after it had been, essentially, stopped by the fossil fuel industry for 100 years. This could have happened 50 years ago. This could have happened 100 years ago. Yet now, fi-nally, because of Democratic policies, we have been able to finally unleash this revolution. What is accompanying that wind and solar revolution? It is jobs, blue-collar jobs. We now have 350,000 Americans who are working in wind and solar. By 2020, we are going to have 500,000 work-ers in wind and solar. The majority of our solar jobs—137,000—is of elec-tricians. There are roofers doing the in-stallation. There are 38,000 jobs in man-ufacturing. These are good blue-collar jobs. There are 25,000 of our wind jobs in manufacturing while 35,000 are in construction, development, and trans-portation. These are good-paying, blue- collar jobs. Why is this renewable revolution unstoppable? Why is this job creation that is good for all of creation unstoppable? It is because the cost of renewables is plummeting. The cost of solar has fallen 50 to 60 percent over the last 5 to 6 years. The cost of wind has fallen 66 percent since 2009. In fact, wind and solar are generally cheaper than coal and nuclear energy are right now. Coal is losing the war against wind and solar in the free market. It is not a conspiracy against coal. It is competition for coal that has finally emerged. That is what is happening. Coal is losing in the marketplace. This is not just happening in the United States. It is happening around the entire world. Mexico had a power auction at the end of November at which the average price for solar was 1.9 cents per kilowatt hour. In 2017, solar in Saudi Arabia came in at 1.8 cents per kilowatt hour. In Dubai, it was 2.4 cents per kilowatt hour. Half of all electricity installed around the world last year was renewable. Renew-able energy deployment around the world has increased by 8 percent a year for 7 years in a row. This is a global clean energy race, and it is a global job creation race. The Koch brothers and their fossil fuel al-lies want to take the United States of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24AP6.052 S24APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2378 April 24, 2018 
America out of this revolution. Global temperatures are rising, but the cost of renewables is plummeting. There is no denying the science of climate change or the mathematics behind the renew-able revolution. For decades, the Koch brothers have perpetrated a fraud on the American people about climate change. They have worked to discredit science in order to sow doubt. They are funding a web of deceit that spreads misinforma-tion and undermines the urgency need-ed to address the generational chal-lenge of climate change. We must fight back with education, with urgency, with facts, and, ultimately, with ac-tion. That is why, this week, I am intro-ducing, with my colleagues here in the Senate and in the House, the Climate Change Education Act. This legislation would promote climate literacy by broadening students’ understanding of climate change, the consequences of climate change, and the potential solu-tions. This bill would give students, teachers, and families the tools they need to protect our planet for future generations. We must take the climate deniers and their fossil fuel funders to task for their opposition to the clean energy opportunities that could win the battle against climate change. We have a chance to unleash a clean energy revolution that creates jobs as it cuts dangerous carbon pollution. We are on the floor today to cut down this tangled web of deceit—to shine a light on the lies that emanate from this Koch brothers-funded web of deceit that has tried its best to stop this clean energy revolution. As you can see, this revolution has taken off in the United States as it has taken off around the rest of the planet, and it will not be denied. The green generation, the young generation in our country, will not be denied. They want to see a wind and solar and all- electric vehicle revolution take place that will change the course of history. That is why we are out here today—to let the rest of the world know we are in this fight, and we are going to win it. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
UBIO). The Senator from New Mexico. Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, I will focus, as Senator M
ARKEY has and sev-eral of my colleagues before me, on this web of deceit we have been talking about here today—the Koch brothers’ web of dark money, lobbyists, and infil-tration into the Trump administration that truly threatens our democracy. The influence of their hundreds of mil-lions of dollars is pervasive, pernicious, and hidden. I applaud Senator W
HITEHOUSE ’s work that focuses the public’s atten-tion on this threat. Thank you to my colleagues for shining a spotlight on the murky tentacles of the Koch influ-ence empire here in Washington, espe-cially its influence on the swamp that is the Trump administration. We must keep fighting for comprehensive cam-paign finance and electoral reform to get dark money like the Koch brothers’ out of our politics. The Koch family business started in oil, and Koch Industries is still heavily invested in petroleum and petroleum products. Its subsidiary, Flint Hills Re-sources, owns three oil refineries. The Koch Pipeline Company owns and oper-ates 4,000 miles of pipeline that trans-ports oil, refined petroleum, and nat-ural gas throughout six States. Koch Industries is the largest foreign and American leaseholder in Canada’s oil sands, possibly leasing up to 2 million acres. As well, each year, Koch Industries markets, trades, and manages logistics for tons of coal and petroleum coke. Koch Industries makes billions from oil, gas, and coal, and it is no secret it is willing to spend millions to keep it that way. Two organizations formed through the Koch brothers’ vast wealth are the Institute for Energy Research and its lobbying arm, the American Energy Alliance. Both Koch-funded groups are anti-renewable, pro-fossil fuel, and climate change deniers. The Institute is a 501(c)(3) organiza-tion that was formed in 1989 from a predecessor directed by Charles Koch and Robert Bradley, Jr. Mr. Bradley led public policy for Enron before its scandal and bankruptcy. He founded the Institute and remains its CEO. He is also affiliated with the Koch-funded Cato Institute and Competitive Enter-prise Institute. The Alliance is the Institute’s polit-ical arm, a 501(c)(4) organization, founded in 2008. The 501(c)(4)s are polit-ical organizations. They don’t have to disclose their donors. They can engage in all sorts of politicking and lobbying, and they can spend unlimited amounts of money. The Alliance shares office space and staff—including a president— with the Institute. Their joint presi-dent is Thomas Pyle, who had pre-viously lobbied for Koch Industries. They receive funding directly and not so directly from the Koch brothers. Since 2008, one or the other has re-ceived funding from the Charles Koch Institute, an anti-government group formed from the Charles G. Koch Char-itable Foundation; Freedom Partners, called the Koch brothers’ ‘‘secret’’ bank—a 501(c)(6) organization that gives tens of millions of dollars to ex-treme causes; the Wellspring Com-mittee, Inc., funded with the Koch brothers’ help; DonorsTrust, a pass- through organization for the Koch brothers and other ultrawealthy donors trying to hide contributions; and many other like-minded anti-renewable, pro- fossil fuel groups that the Koch broth-ers fund or are tied to. Between 2010 and 2014, the Institute and Alliance received more than $5 million in Koch-related funding. The Institute and Alliance are in the busi-ness of discrediting renewable energy, promoting fossil fuels, and denying cli-mate science under the guise of pro-viding independent analysis. Their staffs have appeared before State regu-latory commissions giving ‘‘expert’’ testimony, claiming that renewable en-ergy is too expensive and unreliable and that States should not increase their renewable portfolio requirements and that fossil fuels—even coal—are more economical. In 2013, for example, their director of regulatory and State affairs, Daniel Simmons, claimed in a Michigan regu-latory hearing that the electricity rates of States with renewable require-ments are 27 percent higher than States without a renewable standard. That same year, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory found that the in-cremental rate of renewable portfolio standards was 2 percent, and a report by the Michigan Public Service Com-mission found that the cost of renew-able sources is declining and is cheaper than the new coal-fired generation. Also in 2013, Mr. Simmons attacked a Federal clean energy standard bill in-troduced by my fellow New Mexican, Senator Jeff Bingaman, which I co-sponsored. Mr. Simmons had the au-dacity to claim that carbon dioxide emissions from powerplants should not be counted as pollutants, arguing ‘‘that carbon dioxide itself is not dirty.’’ Mr. Simmons’ cynical attack on climate science is frightening. In 2015, the Alliance called on Con-gress to eliminate the Department of Energy’s Office of Energy Efficiency & Renewable Energy. The office’s mission is to support transitioning to ‘‘a global clean energy economy,’’ something that we know is supported by many, many people. That year, both Koch brothers’ organizations received $3 mil-lion from the web of Koch donors. Although the Institute and Alliance were fringe, the Trump administration placed their staff in key energy posi-tions, beginning with appointing their president to lead the energy transition team. Before that appointment, Mr. Pyle had sent a fundraising letter tout-ing the new administration’s positions. He predicted the Trump administration would withdraw from the Paris Agree-ment, repeal the Clean Power Plan, move forward with the Keystone XL Pipeline, increase oil and gas leasing on Federal lands, lift the moratorium on coal leasing on Federal lands, and turn back protection of our rivers and streams—among other initiatives. Mr. Pyle’s policy predictions have sadly come to pass. My home State of New Mexico is right in the bull’s-eye of climate change. Snowpack was at a low point this year. Parts of the Rio Grande are dry. We have a methane cloud in the Four Corners area the size of Delaware. Pressing ‘‘stop’’ on tackling climate change hurts New Mexicans. Meanwhile, Institute/Alliance staff landed three plum positions within the Department of Energy. Last May, Mr. Simmons, whom we have already heard about, was actually placed to lead the DOE’s Office of Energy Efficiency & Renewable Energy—the same office the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24AP6.053 S24APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2379 April 24, 2018 
Alliance advocated to eliminate. Talk about the fox guarding the chicken coop. An Institute/Alliance policy analyst, Alex Fitzsimmons, was also placed in the same office as a senior adviser. He has steadily beat the Koch brothers’ drum against wind and solar energy, writing numerous articles about their alleged unreliability and high costs. How can he possibly contribute to the office’s mission of transitioning to a clean energy economy? Predictably, the President proposed slashing the office’s budget for 2018 by 69 percent. Congress did not do his bid-ding. He now seeks to cut over 70 per-cent of its budget in 2019, including fully eliminating the Weatherization Assistance Program and the State En-ergy Program. According to DOE, since 2010, New Mexico has received $10.4 mil-lion from these two programs. These investments resulted in weatherizing 1,300 homes, creating or retaining 340 jobs, training 19,500 New Mexicans in energy efficiency, and retrofitting 240,000 square feet of building space. These two programs aid my State in the global battle against climate change and should not be on the chop-ping block. Another Institute/Alliance policy an-alyst, Travis Fisher, was tapped by DOE to oversee an evaluation on whether renewables are hurting coal and nuclear power and increasing grid unreliability. Mr. Fisher had also au-thored many pieces on the evils of re-newables—even calling clean energy policies ‘‘the single greatest emerging threat’’ to the power grid. There was wide concern the report would be po-litically skewed. However, a draft of the report, pre-pared by an independent contractor and DOE career staff, got out. That draft concluded renewable energy had not decreased grid reliability. The final report then concluded the same. Mr. Fisher has since left DOE. The good news is that the American people continue to support renewable energy. A Pew Research Center poll found 83 percent of Americans think expanding renewables is a ‘‘top’’ or ‘‘important’’ national priority. Wind and solar are expanding expo-nentially and their costs have de-creased dramatically. Twenty-nine States, Washington, DC, and three ter-ritories have renewable portfolio standards, and eight States and one territory have renewable goals. A clean energy economy is the fu-ture, but the Trump administration is fighting against the tide. Before the Trump administration, the Institute and Alliance were small fringe organi-zations promoted by the Koch brothers’ web of secret organizations and veiled allies. They now sit at the center of our government. At the bottom of the Koch labyrinth of 501(c)(3)s, 501(c)(4)s, 501(c)(6)s, and their wealth of accomplices is their ability to hide their contributions and actions from public view. The Supreme Court’s Citizens United decision cloaks these networks under the guise of the First Amendment. Citizens United has damaged our democracy by allowing unlimited campaign contributions, PACs, and nonprofit organizations to secretly influence government deci-sions at the highest levels. I have been fighting to overturn Citi-zens United and for Congress to enact campaign finance reform for years now. My constitutional amendment would not only overturn Citizens United but all the previous bad decisions going back to Buckley v. Valeo. It would end the misguided belief that spending money to elect politicians is the same thing as free speech—a belief that gives the Koch brothers a lot more speech than the average American. Last fall, I reintroduced the We the People Democracy Reform Act, which would enact comprehensive electoral reform. The dark influence of the Koch brothers in this administration only underscores the pressing need for this legislation to right our democracy and restore integrity, accountability, and transparency to our political system. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I come to the Senate this evening to talk about the nominees who will be up for a confirmation vote. The first of those is Ric Grenell. Ric is being nominated to serve as our Am-bassador to Germany during an impor-tant time, not just with the danger and volatility around the world but with our relationship with Germany. Ric is well qualified, and I think it is urgent that we get him confirmed. Ric Grenell was actually nominated last fall. He was reported out of the Foreign Relations Committee with a positive vote on October 26, 2017. So for 6 months, he has been in limbo, even after getting reported out of com-mittee. He has been blocked by just a couple of Democrats—I think maybe just one—and this body has not had a chance to vote on him. That is why I was pleased to see today that the majority leader filed cloture, and that is why we will get a vote this week on Mr. Grenell. I as-sume that he will get supported by a majority of this body, but I hope it is not just a bare majority because I think he is very qualified for the posi-tion. He is someone who has a lot of expe-rience in diplomacy and international issues. In 2001, he was appointed by President George W. Bush to serve as Director of Communications and Pub-lic Diplomacy for the U.S. Permanent Representative to the United Nations. In this role, he advised four of our Am-bassadors—John Negroponte, John Danforth, John Bolton, and Ambas-sador Khalilzad—on the formulation and articulation of U.S. policy at the United Nations. He was also appointed by John Danforth to be the Alternative Representative of the United States to the U.N. Security Council with full voting rights and privileges. He served as spokesman there during a turbulent time, an important time. But he also did more than that. He was appointed to be a U.S. delegate to a variety of United Nations conferences over the years, including the Financing for De-velopment Conference, the World Food Summit, the World Summit on Sus-tainable Development, the Iraq Donor Conference, the Preparatory Com-mittee for the Nuclear Non-Prolifera-tion Treaty Review, the High-Level Meeting on Ending HIV/AIDS, and the Commission on Population and Devel-opment, among many others. He has moderated a lot of United Na-tions panel discussions over the years on subjects ranging from Children and Armed Conflict to post-war construc-tion issues, clean energy solutions that my colleague was talking about a mo-ment ago. He is up to speed on the world’s pressing issues, so he is very well qualified to be an Ambassador rep-resenting the United States. He has also been an active speaker, speaking on topics around the country that relate to crisis communications, the United Nations, and international issues ranging from Sudan to North Korea and Middle Eastern issues. He has been on a lot of TV programs. This is one reason he has generated some controversy on the other side. Yes, he has spoken his mind on occa-sion, but he is also someone, again, if you look at his qualifications and expe-rience and his abilities—as he did for President George W. Bush—to be a team player and work with the team to communicate clearly, he is an excel-lent candidate to be a U.S. Ambassador to just about anywhere but particu-larly to a country as important as Ger-many. He received his master’s degree in public administration from Harvard University’s John F. Kennedy School of Government. Finally, I would say the timing is really important. One reason it is key that we vote this week is that we need an Ambassador to Germany. Over the Easter break I was in Ger-many. I was meeting with our troops over there on a factfinding mission. We have a lot of American troops in Ger-many still. We were looking at some of the weapons systems that have been developed in my home State of Ohio and how they are working. The people I talked to—our U.S. military officers but also German officials and others— were saying that it is important to have American leadership in Germany right now with all that is going on, with what is happening in Ukraine— Germany is a key player in keeping the European Union together—what is hap-pening in the Middle East, where they play an important role, and what is happening in terms of our economy and trade issues. I heard from everyone: Why don’t you send an ambassador over here? So it is time we do it. Finally, there is a particular urgency this week, because Chancellor Merkel 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24AP6.055 S24APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2380 April 24, 2018 
is actually coming for a visit to Wash-ington later this week. I think she will be here on Friday at the White House in meetings, and wouldn’t it be great if we were to confirm this qualified Am-bassador to represent our interests in Germany and to begin the process of improving our relationship with Ger-many and deepening that relationship. I hope we have the opportunity to have this vote in the next couple of days, and I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to take a look at Ric Grenell’s background. I don’t think you will find one of the Ambassadors who is a noncareer Foreign Service per-son to be a better person on some of these tough foreign policy issues, and I think he will do an excellent job for us in Germany. 
NOMINATION OF MIKE POMPEO  
Mr. President, the second nominee I would like to talk about briefly is one who has also faced some opposition from the other side of the aisle, to the point that he was reported out of com-mittee last night on a pure party-line vote—an 11-to-10 vote. I wish that weren’t the case. I want to thank Sen-ator C
OONS for actually voting ‘‘present’’ so that Senator I
SAKSON ’s vote could count. I think Mike Pompeo, who is the cur-rent Director of the Central Intel-ligence Agency, is extremely well qualified. When you look at what has happened historically with regard to the job of Secretary of State, this body has been able to support people who they may not agree with on every policy issue or may not agree with the President who appointed that person, but they realize that a President should be able to have his or her own person—particularly in that job—be the Secretary of State, be the diplomat to the United States around the world. As a result, with re-gard to Senator Kerry, who was a col-league of ours here, when he was up for his confirmation vote, the vote was 94 Senators out of 100 supporting him. With regard to Secretary Clinton, when she was nominated, she was confirmed by a vote of 94 Senators—94 out of 100 voted for her. That has been more or less typical. Colin Powell actually was confirmed by a unanimous vote of this body after he became the nominee for Secretary of State. Condoleezza Rice got an overwhelming majority; I think it was in the mideighties. I would hope that my colleagues on both sides of the aisle would look at Mr. Pompeo’s background and his qualifications. I don’t think they can dispute the fact that he is qualified for this job. This is a man who has been success-ful in everything he has done. From humble beginnings, he went to West Point. He graduated at the top of his class. Then, as an Army officer, he was in Germany before the wall came down. He was an officer in Germany patrol-ling the Iron Curtain. He then went to law school after having served in the military. He went to Harvard Law School and ended up being an editor of the Harvard Law Review and graduated magna cum laude from Harvard Law School. That is pretty impressive. It is hard to do. He then went into business. He was successful there, including businesses that had to do with national security issues. He then ran for the House of Rep-resentatives and was elected. He was on the Intelligence Committee in the House, and so he has the ability to get well-versed on a lot of the classified in-formation needed to be able to under-stand the danger and volatility we face in this world today. He is well-regarded in the House on both sides of the aisle. He was then nominated by the Presi-dent to serve as CIA Director. By the way, he was confirmed by this same body as CIA Director by a vote of 66 Senators, so it was a nice bipartisan majority. I hope that happens again. Again, I think it is very important that we get a Secretary of State in place at this critical time but also that we get one in place who is shown to have some of the momentum, trust, and confidence of this body. Certainly the President has a lot of confidence in him, or he wouldn’t have nominated him for this additional responsibility. As CIA Director, he has become well- versed on all the issues. One issue I will mention that you have heard about re-cently is that he recently went on a se-cret mission to meet with the dictator of North Korea, Kim Jong Un, and he did that at the behest of the President to help prepare for a successful meet-ing between the President and the North Koreans. We all hope that meet-ing is indeed constructive and ends up making progress on the denuclearization—which all of us hope for—of the Korean Peninsula. You need somebody like Mike Pompeo there to help direct that. So I think it is the right time for him to move forward on a number of issues, and that certainly is one. Another issue I will say I am very in-terested in working with him on is what is happening in Eastern Europe and Central Europe—the destabilizing effect that Russia is having with re-gard to what is called the hybrid war— in other words, disinformation and propaganda—and also the military part of this, which is happening on the east-ern border of Ukraine. Russia, as you recall, took Crimea away from Ukraine. In my discussions with Mike Pompeo, he understands that issue and he gets that issue. He has supported providing weapons to Ukrainians so they can defend them-selves, lethal but defensive weapons. That was a big change from the last ad-ministration and, frankly, from the first year of this administration. It happened recently. Those materials are now being delivered, and the Ukrain-ians—having been there over the Easter break—are feeling a renewed sense of support from their Western al-lies, particularly from the United States. I think Mike Pompeo is the right guy to be there with regard to that issue also. I have taken the leadership role on this issue of pushing back against the disinformation, including the meddling in our own election here, which I be-lieve happened and I believe will hap-pen again unless we are smarter about pushing back. That is why I have joined with my colleagues—Senator MURPHY on the other side of the aisle and others—to promote this idea of a center at the State Department that coordinates all the U.S. Government efforts here, which are needed, and par-ticularly focuses on the online effort and the need for us to be more aggres-sive and robust in our response. It is called the Global Engagement Center. Again, I have had the opportunity to speak with Mr. Pompeo privately but also in public testimony about this issue, and he has expressed his strong support for that Global Engagement Center and for having a more effective and robust response. I think Mike Pompeo is the right per-son at the right time. I think he is qualified for this job as well as anyone out there I can imagine. Again, in talk-ing to my colleagues, some of them have said that they disagree with President Trump’s positions and that is why they are opposing Mr. Pompeo. Their favorite person—who would prob-ably be in the other party and have dif-ferent views—is not going to be nomi-nated by President Trump. President Trump is going to nominate somebody who supports him on most of his basic approach to foreign policy and someone he trusts. That is just how it works. Again, when we supported John Kerry with 94 votes in the Senate—I think it was 94, 95, or something like that—it is not that we agreed with all the policies from President Obama; it is that we believed President Obama should have the right to have a Sec-retary of State who he thought was going to best represent him, and we thought that Senator Kerry was quali-fied. I think the same was true with re-gard to Hillary Clinton, who got 94 votes. The same was true with Condoleezza Rice. The same was true with GEN Colin Powell. And the same should be true here because certainly Mike Pompeo is extremely well quali-fied. The other thing I have heard from my colleagues—and I have talked to a number of them on the committee and off the committee about seeing if they could possibly join us in supporting Mr. Pompeo so he can have a little more of a bipartisan momentum here as he goes into this job—the other thing I have heard is that they are concerned, given his background in the military and given some of the things he said as a Member of Congress, that maybe he will focus more on military power rath-er than soft power—in other words, less on diplomacy and more on kinetic or military activity. I don’t think that is consistent with anything I have heard from him either 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24AP6.056 S24APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2381 April 24, 2018 
in our private meetings or in his public testimony where he addressed this issue head-on. He said that as a former Army officer and someone who went to West Point and graduated at the top of his class—did I say that earlier? Any-way, he went to West Point, and he is someone who actually believes very strongly in soft power and believes that military actions ought to be the last resort, not the first resort. I think that is true with almost anybody who has been in the military—certainly people who have been in combat. I made the comparison to what Colin Powell said when he was nominated, which was very similar to that. What General Mattis says today is very simi-lar to that. I believe Mike Pompeo has the oppor-tunity not only to help with regard to these crisis issues we are facing around the world—North Korea, Syria, what is happening in Iran, what is happening in Ukraine—I think he is someone who has the ability to improve the morale at the State Department at a critical time. In fact, I am convinced of it. Hav-ing talked to some people at the State Department—as you know, many of the career civil service people have been feeling as though they weren’t being consulted. Mike Pompeo is a listener, and he has talked about what he did at the CIA. He talked about the fact that God gave us only one mouth but two ears. In other words, we are supposed to be listening and taking in the input and then helping to lead as a servant leader listening to people. I think that is the kind of leader Mike Pompeo is. My hope is that he will be confirmed and that he will earn the trust some of us have shown in him by doing exactly that at the State Department—getting the diplomats in the State Department engaged and empowered, making sure that we are taking every step possible with regard to diplomacy before turn-ing to military action anywhere in the world, and working with our military and with the White House and with the Congress to have a U.S. foreign policy that is effective in keeping the peace. Yes, we need a strong military be-cause by having a strong military, by having a strong defense, we maximize the chance for peace, but we also have to have a strong diplomacy arm that is out there ensuring that we take every measure we possibly can to use soft di-plomacy. I think diplomacy is some-thing that Mike Pompeo has shown that he is committed to. So my hope is that we will have posi-tive votes on Rick Grenell as Ambas-sador to Germany and Mike Pompeo later this week, that we can have bi-partisan support for these two, and that they, in turn, will earn the trust this body has shown in them. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to legislative session for a period of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ARMS SALES NOTIFICATION Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, section 36(b) of the Arms Export Control Act requires that Congress receive prior no-tification of certain proposed arms sales as defined by that statute. Upon such notification, the Congress has 30 calendar days during which the sale may be reviewed. The provision stipu-lates that, in the Senate, the notifica-tion of proposed sales shall be sent to the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. In keeping with the committee’s in-tention to see that relevant informa-tion is available to the full Senate, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD the notifications which have been received. If the cover letter references a classified annex, then such annex is available to all Senators in the office of the Foreign Relations Committee, room SD–423. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 18–14, concerning the Air Force’s proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Acceptance to the Gov-ernment of the Netherlands for defense arti-cles and services estimated to cost $110 mil-lion. After this letter is delivered to your of-fice, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, G
REGORY M. K AUSNER , (For Charles W. Hooper, Lieutenant General, USA Director). Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 18–14 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: The Government of the Netherlands. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $0.5 million. Other $109.5 million. Total $110.0 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: The Government of the Netherlands has requested to buy defense ar-ticles and services in support of continuation of a Continental United States (CONUS) based Royal Netherlands Air Force F–16 For-mal Training Unit. Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Up to twenty-seven (27) GBU–12 Inert Paveway IIs. Non-MDE: Also included are PGU–27 Inert training rounds, Impulse Cartridges, MJU–7/ B Flares, RR–188 Chaff, BDU–33/B and BDU– 50/B training munitions, fuel and air refuel-ing support, airlift services, base operating support, facilities, publications and tech-nical documentation, pilot training, per-sonnel training and training equipment, weapon system and software support, U.S. Government and contractor technical, engi-neering, and logistics personnel services, and other related elements of logistics and pro-gram support. (iv) Military Department: Air Force (NE– D–NZW). (v) Prior Related Cases. if any: NE–D–NXZ– $149.3 million; 19 Sep 13. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc.; Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: None. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: April 24, 2018. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. POLICY JUSTIFICATION  The Netherlands—F–16 Formal Training Unit at Tucson Air National Guard Base (ANGB), Arizona The Government of the Netherlands has re-quested to buy defense articles and services in support of continuation of a Continental United States (CONUS) based Royal Nether-lands Air Force F–16 Formal Training Unit, to include up to twenty-seven (27) GBU–12 Inert Paveway IIs. Also included are PGU–27 Inert training rounds, Impulse Cartridges, MJU–7/B Flares, RR–188 Chaff, BDU–33/B and BDU–50/B training munitions, fuel and air re-fueling support, airlift services, base oper-ating support, facilities, publications and technical documentation, pilot training, per-sonnel training and training equipment, weapon system and software support, U.S. Government and contractor technical, engi-neering, and logistics personnel services, and other related elements of logistics and pro-gram support. The estimated program value is $110 million. This proposed sale will support the foreign policy and national security objectives of the United States by improving the security of a NATO Ally which is an important force for political stability and economic progress in Europe. This potential sale will continue to im-prove the Royal Netherlands Air Force’s (RNLAF) ability to develop mission-ready and experienced pilots to support its F–16 aircraft inventory. The well-established pilot proficiency training program at Tucson Air National Guard Base will train pilots in F–16 operations, tactics, techniques, and proce-dures. This training will enhance the RNLAF’s ability to continue contributions to Overseas Contingency Operations and to NATO air policing operations, as well as, to possible future coalitions operations. The Netherlands will have no difficulty absorbing this training. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. There is no prime contractor involved in this proposed sale. The Tucson Air National Guard will provide instruction, flight oper-ations, and maintenance support and facili-ties with defense articles anticipated to come from U.S. stocks, as needed. There are no known offset agreements proposed in con-nection with this potential sale. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24AP6.058 S24APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2382 April 24, 2018 
Implementation of this proposed sale will not require the assignment of any additional U.S. Government personnel or contractor representatives to the Netherlands. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 18–12, concerning the Army’s proposed Let-ter(s) of Offer and Acceptance to the Govern-ment of the Netherlands for defense articles and services estimated to cost $70 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, G
REGORY M. K AUSNER , (For Charles W. Hooper, Lieutenant General, USA, Director). Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 18–12 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Government of the Netherlands (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $60 million. Other $10 million. Total $70 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Three thousand five hundred (3,500) M1156 Precision Guided Kit (PGK). Non-MDE: Also included are six (6) PGK settable trainers; two (2) PGK cut away mod-els; one hundred (100) M76 PGK fuze wrench-es; ten (10) Extended Length Artillery Pro-jectile Extractors (ELAPEs); PGK technical data and publications; U.S. Government en-gineering and technical support services; and other related elements of logistics and pro-gram support. (iv) Military Department: Army (NE–B– WKA). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: None. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered. or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached Annex. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: April 24, 2018. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Netherlands—M1156 Precision Guided Kits The Netherlands has requested to buy three thousand five hundred (3,500) M1156 Precision Guided Kits. Also included are six (6) PGK settable trainers; two (2) PGK cut away models; one hundred (100) M76 PGK fuze wrenches; ten (10) Extended Length Ar-tillery Projectile Extractors (ELAPEs); PGK technical data and publications; U.S. Gov-ernment engineering and technical support services; and other related elements of logis-tics and program support. The estimated total cost is $70 million. This proposed sale will support the foreign policy and national security objectives of the United States by helping to improve the security of the Netherlands which is an im-portant force for political stability and eco-nomic progress in Europe. It is important to the U.S. national interests to assist the Netherlands to develop and maintain a strong and ready self-defense capability. The Netherlands has been a consistent coalition partner supporting the United States in var-ious coalition combat operations to include counter-ISIS, Stabilization Force in Iraq, and Afghanistan. The proposed sale of PGK will provide a precision guided capability to 155mm artil-lery projectiles and improve Netherlands’s capability to meet current and future enemy threats. The Netherlands will use the en-hanced capability to strengthen its home-land defenses, deter regional threats, and provide direct support to coalition and secu-rity cooperation efforts. The Netherlands will have no difficulty absorbing this equip-ment into its armed forces. The proposed sale of this equipment will not impact the basic military balance in the region. The principal contractor will be Orbital ATK. There are no known offset agreements proposed in connection with this potential sale. The purchaser typically requests off-sets. Any offset agreement will be defined in negotiations between the purchaser and the contractor. Implementation of this sale will not re-quire the assignment of any additional U.S. or contractor representatives to the Nether-lands. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. TRANSMITTAL NO . 18–12 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. The M1156 Precision Guidance Kit (PGK) is a Global Positioning System (GPS) Pre-cise Positioning Service (PPS) guided 155mm artillery projectile fuze. This effort includes the qualification of PGK on the Assegai M1711 Insensitive High Explosive (IHE) Base Bleed (BB) projectile with modular charges DM92 Charge 6 and PGK on the Assegai M1712 IHE Boat Tail (BT) projectile with modular charges DM92 Charges 5 and 6, both fired from the Netherlands’ PzH 2000 self-pro-pelled howitzer. 2. The M1156 utilizes the Enhanced Port-able Electronic Fuze Setter (EPEFS) to set the PGK and the Portable Electronic Fire Control System (PEFCS) both purchased pre-viously under a previous Excalibur FMS case. The PEFCS contain an Improved Plat-form Integration Kit (MK) to load GPS co-ordinates. Both the PGK and PEFCS contain the Selective Availability Anti-Spoofing Module (SAASM). The PGK has 90% com-monality with the Army’s XM395 Acceler-ated Precision Mortar Initiative (APMI). The PGK (the end-item) is unclassified. Transfer of the PGK may reveal information up to SECRET. 3. The M1156 utilizes the Army’s M782 Multi-Option for Artillery (MOFA) Prox-imity Height of Burst (HOB) Technology. The HOB sensor is comprised of components with technologies deemed as state of the art, requiring specialized production skills. The sensitive/critical technology is primarily in the design, development, production and manufacturing of the components (inte-grated circuits and assembly), and the inte-gration methodology required to integrate those components onto an assembly to proc-ess embedded (the software-algorithm-work-ing parameters). The HOB technology is clas-sified SECRET. 4. Disclosure of this technology could re-sult in an adversary developing counter-measures, thus lessening the effect of the projectile. Disclosure of test data, counter-measures, vulnerability/susceptibility anal-yses and threat definition could all aid re-verse engineering and could be used by an adversary for possible use against U.S. and Coalition forces. Compromise could jeop-ardize the U.S. forces inventory through jammer development by adversaries. The risk of compromise has been accessed as moderate. Risk is reduced for fuze/munitions if adequately controlled and protected in storage and on the battlefield. Risk is miti-gated by the prevention of disclosure of sen-sitive classified information (the know-how, software, and associated documentation). 5. If a technologically advanced adversary were to obtain knowledge of the specific hardware and software elements, the infor-mation could be used to develop counter-measures which might reduce weapon system effectiveness or be used in the development of a system with similar or advanced capa-bilities. 6. A determination has been made that the Netherlands can provide the same degree of protection for the sensitive technology being released as the U.S. Government. This sale is necessary in furtherance of the U.S. foreign policy and national security objectives out-lined in the Policy Justification. 7. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal have been authorized for re-lease and export to the Netherlands. f VOTE EXPLANATION Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I was necessarily absent for the April 23, 2018, vote on the motion to invoke clo-ture on Calendar No. 624, the nomina-tion of Stuart Kyle Duncan to be U.S. Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit. I would have voted nay. 
f 
FIFTH ANNIVERSARY OF THE RANA PLAZA FACTORY COL-LAPSE IN BANGLADESH Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, 5 years ago today, the Rana Plaza build-ing collapsed in Bangladesh, tragically killing more than 1,100 people and in-juring thousands more. Rana Plaza, a bustling multistory commercial build-ing in Dhaka, had housed several ready-made garment factories, as well as banks and other businesses. When cracks appeared in the building facade the day prior to its collapse and some stores in the building accordingly closed up shop, owners of the garment factories inside Rana Plaza rather told their workers not to worry and ordered them to return for work the next day, but this was not a time for business as usual. Thousands of garment workers, the majority of them enterprising young women achieving new levels of financial independence for themselves and their families, filed back into the building the next morning. Thousands of them never made it back out. The world was rightly stunned and horri-fied by the images of the lifeless bodies of hundreds of young women being pulled from the rubble of this man-made disaster. The Rana Plaza tragedy could have been avoided, and it demonstrated that ‘‘business as usual’’ in Bangladesh’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24AP6.033 S24APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2383 April 24, 2018 
garment industry inordinately re-warded factory owners and managers, while ignoring factory workers’ safety and rights. In the dusty rubble of the building collapse, it became crystal clear that the Bangladeshi Govern-ment, factory owners and managers, and the global apparel brands all had a grave responsibility to do more, and quickly, to secure the labor rights of Bangladeshi workers. A simple fact re-mains, 5 years later: Had the Rana Plaza workers been afforded the ability to organize and protect their interests, the tragedy never would have hap-pened. With collective strength and ac-tion, they could have stood up to em-ployers to demand basic rights, and they could have refused to be ordered back into the building without appro-priate safety standards. Five years later, it is also clear that a great deal of work remains to secure these rights. As the son of a seamstress who worked in the textile factories of northern New Jersey, I knew from watching my mother how tiring and strenuous such work could be, but it does not have to be fatal. The United States’ own Triangle Shirtwaist Fire more than a hundred years before Rana Plaza, which killed nearly 150 people, galvanized a necessary workers’ move-ment and subsequent necessary re-forms that to this day help protect labor rights while ensuring that Amer-ican companies produce high-quality products. To this day, the AFL-CIO and other American labor unions work tire-lessly to expose the conditions facing U.S. workers and to organize collective responses and inform government deci-sions to promote worker protections. Last year, for example, an AFL-CIO re-port revealed an alarming rate of work-place deaths among Latinos and immi-grants to the United States and pro-vided recommendations to the Depart-ment of Labor to address them. Along with many of my Senate colleagues, I am pushing for our government to adopt these recommendations. Put simply, the successes of American or-ganized labor are inextricable from the prosperity of the American economy and have helped to boost the fortunes of countless American workers. We know that countries and people are more secure and prosperous when workers can operate in safety while pursuing economic success. The proud legacy of the movement for American workers’ rights demands that we advo-cate for workers at risk around the globe. In the past 5 years since the Rana Plaza disaster, we have so advo-cated. We have come together in un-precedented ways to address the fac-tors driving labor abuses against work-ers in Bangladesh. As chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee at the time of the Rana Plaza disaster in 2013, my first hearing explored the tragedy and the con-sequences of a race to the bottom that had increased companies’ profit mar-gins alongside risks to their workers. This was the first SFRC hearing fo-cused on labor rights in more than a dozen years. I called another hearing early the following year to review progress in addressing the labor rights emergency in Bangladesh and con-ducted rigorous, bipartisan oversight to ensure that the U.S. Government was doing all it could to spur change among brands, owners, and Bangladeshi Government officials. This included a field visit and a November 2013 majority staff report that exam-ined progress in advancing workers’ safety and labor rights since the Rana Plaza disaster and the Tazreen factory fire. We also worked closely with our colleagues on the Appropriations Com-mittee to ensure that funds over 3 suc-cessive fiscal years were designated to directly support the development and capacity-building of truly independent labor unions in Bangladesh that could safely and effectively advocate for worker rights. Meanwhile, major American retailers who produced apparel in Bangladesh, including Abercrombie & Fitch, Amer-ican Eagle Outfitters, and Fruit of the Loom, joined the effort alongside other global brands, governments, civil soci-ety, and labor unions to grapple with the acute challenges facing Bangladeshi workers who produced their goods. The risk of undermined consumer confidence and declines in brand quality helped spur some cor-porations to join the Accord on Fire and Building Safety in Bangladesh—a 5-year, legally binding compact to im-prove safety in Bangladeshi ready- made garment factories through rea-sonable steps to prevent future disas-ters. Most importantly, the accord sig-natories included labor unions, who were rightly regarded as equal and crit-ical stakeholders in effecting needed change. Five years later, accord brands have the opportunity to demonstrate a sustained commitment to worker rights by signing on to the 2018 accord. This iteration strengthens and expands the accord to cover freedom of associa-tion. Other groups, such as the Alli-ance for Bangladesh Worker Safety, have also helped to further galvanize American and multinational brands to take greater responsibility for ensuring worker safety in Bangladesh. In any such efforts, workers and their rep-resentatives must have a truly equal seat at the table, for without them we cannot make meaningful labor rights reforms. Governments have a critical role to play as well. Following Rana Plaza, the United States and other governments pressed Bangladesh to take meaningful steps to improve respect for labor rights in the country, including through removing Bangladesh from the generalized system of preferences and conducting regular reviews of the Bangladeshi Government’s efforts to better adhere to international labor standards. I believe the U.S. Govern-ment can and should do more to ensure that developing countries with which our country trades are taking nec-essary steps to respect labor and human rights. I was proud last year to introduce the Labor Rights for Devel-opment Act with Senator B
ROWN and the Anti-Trafficking Trade Act with Senator P
ORTMAN that together would raise the labor and human rights standards countries must meet to gain preferential access to the U.S. market. Five years on, the progress made in Bangladesh is simply not enough. Fac-tories throughout the country have failed to meet their binding commit-ments on workplace safety in the ac-cord and the alliance, risking the de-parture of some global retailers to other markets. Independent unions in Bangladesh remain constrained and subject to increasing harassment and attacks on labor rights activists, which often occur with impunity. Amidst a growing climate of political tensions in Bangladesh, the government too often views independent labor unions as op-position dissenters to punish, rather than key partners that are vital to the country’s growth and prosperity. In the 5 years since Rana Plaza, I have continued to believe that what happens in Bangladesh to improve labor rights and workers’ safety can have a dramatic ripple effect on the global apparel industry and that real change in working conditions there can help to change conditions for workers everywhere in a race to the top, but similarly, if not enough happens in Bangladesh, it sends the message that workers’ lives can still be systemati-cally undervalued and that working to advance labor rights is an endeavor not worth the risk. That is the wrong mes-sage, and on this anniversary, we must recommit ourselves to pushing stake-holders in Bangladesh—whether gov-ernment, brands, or owners—to con-tinue a path of reform. To do any less harms not just the workers, but also Bangladesh’s economic potential, be-cause no one will want to wear clothes stained with the blood of workers. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
REMEMBERING JAMES DODD ‘‘JIM’’ MANASCO ∑Mr. JONES. Mr. President, today I wish to honor the life and legacy of Jim Manasco, who passed away at his home on Smith Lake in Alabama on April 12, 2018. Jim was a self-taught artist and sign painter who entered the trade as an ap-prentice when he was just 16 years old. He was a successful commercial artist for 65 years and possessed the rare abil-ity to letter and paint freehand. He was also a gifted creative artist in multiple mediums, from carving to pottery to painting. In the early 1970s, Jim, his wife, Ruth, and a small group of naturalists were leaders in the fight to preserve and protect the land along the Sipsey fork of the Black Warrior River in northwest Alabama. Because of his 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24AP6.030 S24APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2384 April 24, 2018 
dedication, Jim was chosen to testify before Congress in support of the East-ern Wilderness Act, which was signed into law in 1975, and the Sipsey Wilder-ness, in the Bankhead National Forest, became the first wilderness designated in the act. Thanks to Jim and that de-termined group, generations to come will continue to enjoy pristine, unde-veloped lands east of the Mississippi River. Since passage of the act, more than 140 Wilderness Areas and nearly 1.5 million acres have been protected in the eastern United States. Like FDR, who, following in the foot-steps of his ‘‘uncle’’ Teddy Roosevelt, left a great conservation legacy, Jim saw ‘‘an America whose rivers and val-leys and lakes—hills and streams and plains—the mountains over our land and nature’s wealth deep under the earth—are protected as the rightful heritage of all the people.’’ Thanks to men like Jim Manasco, more than half of the people who live in Alabama enjoy outdoor recreation every year in the most biologically diverse State east of the Mississippi River and one of the most biologically diverse States in the entire country. Alabama boasts forests, woodlands, wetlands, caves, glades, beaches, and prairies, not to mention more than 4,500 documented species. The importance of protecting and wisely managing this natural wealth cannot be overstated. In Alabama, out-door recreation generates 135,000 direct jobs—that is more than twice the num-ber of auto manufacturing jobs—it gen-erates $3.9 billion in wages and salaries and $857 million in State and local taxes. I would be remiss if I did not mention Jim Manasco’s other important legacy, that of Cherokee wisdomkeeper. The Cherokee played a significant role in the history of Alabama, and many Ala-bamians proudly claim Cherokee an-cestry. Jim was long honored as a Trib-al elder for his teachings about carv-ings on beech trees, native symbols, ceremonial knowledge, and Tribal his-tory and for his intimate knowledge of the plants and animals that inhabit the landscape of the South. Some of this wisdom was captured in his popular book, ‘‘Walking Sipsey,’’ published in 1992. Jim always downplayed his accom-plishments, often saying, ‘‘Raw tal-ent’s got nothing over dogged deter-mination.’’ Well, Jim Manasco was right, and America needs more men with dogged determination to do the right thing. I hope to be one of them. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ALEXANDRA ABRAHAMS ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I recognize Alexandra Abrahams, a spring intern in my Orlando, FL, office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. Alexandra is a student at the Univer-sity of Central Florida, where she ma-jors in political science. She is a dedi-cated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of her internship experience. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to her for all the fine work she has done and wish her continued success in the years to come.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO BRADLEY ALDRIDGE ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I recognize Bradley Aldridge, a spring in-tern in my Orlando, FL, office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. Bradley Aldridge is a student at the University of Central Florida, where he majors in political science. He is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of his internship experience. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to him for all the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SAMANTHA BROWN ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I recognize Samantha Brown, a spring intern in my Orlando, FL, office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. Samantha is a student at the Univer-sity of Central Florida, where she ma-jors in political science and criminal justice with a minor in legal studies. She is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of her internship experience. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to her for all the fine work she has done and wish her continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO FARAH FOUAD ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I recognize Farah Fouad, a spring intern in my Orlando, FL, office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. Farah is a graduate of Palm Beach Atlantic University, where she majored in political science. She is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been de-voted to getting the most out of her in-ternship experience. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to her for all the fine work she has done and wish her continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JOHN PAUL GILLIAN ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I recognize John Paul Gillian, a 2017 spring intern in my Jacksonville, FL, office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. John Paul is a student at the Univer-sity of North Florida, where he is pur-suing his masters of science in manage-ment. He is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to get-ting the most out of his internship ex-perience. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to John Paul for all the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO PETER GILLIAN ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I recognize Peter Gillian, a 2017 spring intern in my Jacksonville, FL, office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. Peter is a student at the University of North Florida, where he is majoring in accounting. He is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of his intern-ship experience. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to Peter for all the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO KYLER GRAY ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I recognize Kyler Gray, a spring intern in my Orlando, FL, office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. Kyler is a student at the University of Central Florida, where he majors in public administration. He is a dedi-cated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of his internship experience. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to him for all the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO NATALIE HELLMANN ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I recognize Natalie Hellmann, a fall in-tern in my Orlando, FL, office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. Natalie is a student at the Rollins College, where she majors in business administration. She is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of her intern-ship experience. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to her for all the fine work she has done and wish her continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ETHAN HULLIHAN ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I recognize Ethan Hullihan, a spring in-tern in my Orlando, FL, office, for all 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24AP6.031 S24APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2385 April 24, 2018 
of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. Ethan is a student at the University of Central Florida, where he majors in political science. He is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of his intern-ship experience. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to him for all the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MATTHEW M CCOY ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I recognize Matthew McCoy, a fall intern in my Orlando, FL, office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. Matthew McCoy is a student at the University of Central Florida, where he majors in political science. He is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of his internship experience. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to him for all the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LEA MANGINO ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I recognize Lea Mangino, a spring intern in my Orlando, FL, office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. Lea is a student at the University of Central Florida, where she majors in political science and minors in busi-ness administration. She is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been de-voted to getting the most out of her in-ternship experience. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to her for all the fine work she has done and wish her continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MARIAH MAY ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I recognize Mariah May, a fall intern in my Orlando, FL, office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. Mariah May is a student at the Uni-versity of Central Florida, where she majors in political science. She is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of her internship experience. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to her for all the fine work she has done and wish her continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO PAOLA RAMOS ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I recognize Paola Ramos, a spring intern in my Orlando, FL, office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. Paola is a student at the University of Central Florida, where she majors in legal studies and minors in criminal justice. She is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to get-ting the most out of her internship ex-perience. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to her for all the fine work she has done and wish her continued success in the years to come.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO AARON ROSENTHAL ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I recognize Aaron Rosenthal, a spring in-tern in my Orlando, FL, office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. Aaron is a student at the University of Central Florida, where he majors in history. He is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to get-ting the most out of his internship ex-perience. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to him for all the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO GABRIELLA RUIZ ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I recognize Gabriella Ruiz, a spring in-tern in my Orlando, FL, office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. Gabriella is a student at the Univer-sity of Central Florida, where she ma-jors in political science and minors in Spanish and business administration. She is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of her internship experience. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to her for all the fine work she has done and wish her continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ALYSSA SCHOENROCK ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I recognize Alyssa Schoenrock, a spring intern in my Orlando, FL, office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. Alyssa is a student at the University of Central Florida, where she majors in legal studies. She is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of her intern-ship experience. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to her for all the fine work she has done and wish her continued success in the years to come.∑ TRIBUTE TO ZUBAIR SHAIKH ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I recognize Zubair Shaikh, a spring in-tern in my Orlando, FL, office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. Zubair is a student at Valencia Col-lege, where he majors in political science. He is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to get-ting the most out of his internship ex-perience. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to him for all the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO LOGAN SPINA ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I recognize Logan Spina, a spring intern in my Orlando, FL, office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. Logan is a student at the University of Central Florida, where he majors in political science. He is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of his intern-ship experience. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to Logan for all the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CYNTHIA ‘‘CINDY’’ STEVENS ∑Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, today I wish to celebrate the admirable career of Ms. Cynthia ‘‘Cindy’’ Stevens, a na-tive Mississippian whose success in business is accompanied by a lifelong devotion to mentorship and public service. After graduating from Mississippi State University, Cindy came to Wash-ington as an aide to Mississippi Con-gressman Sonny Montgomery. She would go on to serve as his legislative director, helping to develop policies that made our State and country bet-ter. Diligence and a devotion to good gov-ernance continued in her next role as the director of public affairs at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, where she worked on issues related to campaign finance and the administration of elec-tion laws by Federal agencies. She then joined the Washington Board of Trade, serving as a tireless advocate for the business community. A reputation for hard work and re-sults has characterized Cindy’s work at the global accounting firm Deloitte since she started in 1993 as a member of the support staff for its east coast liti-gation support services. She was quick-ly promoted to risk support manage-ment and rose to become a principal in government relations, overseeing legis-lative affairs at the State and local 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24AP6.039 S24APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2386 April 24, 2018 
levels. She led Deloitte’s efforts to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and her collaboration with the strategy groups of other Big Four firms helped meet key legislative and regulatory agency objectives. Cindy has been a role model to other female professionals throughout her career. She was a mentor to my cur-rent chief of staff when she was first starting her congressional career. Later at Deloitte, she highlighted the achievements and talents of younger female employees to her peers in other firms. She has also been instrumental in efforts to elect women to Congress. Cindy’s own story of success as one of the highest ranking female principals at Deloitte continues to inspire young women. She remains active in organi-zations she supports, serving on the Mississippi State Foundation Board of Directors, National Capital Multiple Sclerosis Society Board, and the U.S. Chamber Public Affairs Committee. I wish Cindy well in her retirement. I know she will continue to use her tal-ents and experience to benefit her com-munity.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Cuccia, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED In executive session the Presiding Of-ficer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–4939. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Forest Serv-ice, Department of Agriculture, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Forest Services Directives’’ (RIN0596– AC65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 18, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. EC–4940. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Bacillus sibtilis strain FMCH002; Ex-emption from the Requirement of a Toler-ance’’ (FRL No. 9971–55) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 20, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4941. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Bacillus licheniformis strain FMCH001; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9971–54) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on April 20, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4942. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Chlormequat Chloride; Pesticide Tol-erances’’ (FRL No. 9974–42) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 20, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4943. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel, Government Accountability Of-fice, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report of violations of the Antideficiency Act by the Department of Justice’s Bureau of Alco-hol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosions (ATF) between fiscal years 2000 and 2016; to the Committee on Appropriations. EC–4944. A communication from the Senior Official performing the duties of the Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readi-ness), transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to the Department of Defense’s Evaluation of the TRICARE Program for fis-cal year 2017; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–4945. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Vice Admiral Paul A. Grosklags, United States Navy, and his advancement to the grade of vice admiral on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–4946. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Lieutenant Gen-eral Gary H. Cheek, United States Army, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–4947. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Admiral Scott H. Swift, United States Navy, and his advance-ment to the grade of admiral on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–4948. A communication from the Alter-nate Federal Register Liaison Officer, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Employment of Military Re-sources in the Event of Civil Disturbances’’ (RIN0790–AK07) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 18, 2018; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–4949. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘State of North Dakota Underground Injection Control Program; Class VI Pri-macy’’ (FRL No. 9976–92–OW) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 20, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–4950. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘New York: Incorporation by Ref-erence of State Hazardous Waste Manage-ment Program’’ (FRL No. 9974–06–Region 2) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 20, 2018; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–4951. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of State Plans for Des-ignated Facilities and Pollutants; Missouri; Hospital, Medical, and Infection Waste Incin-eration (HMIWI) Units’’ (FRL No. 9977–10–Re-gion 7) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 20, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4952. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Texas; Control of Air Pol-lution from Visible Emissions and Particu-late Matter’’ (FRL No. 9976–92) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 20, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4953. A communication from the Chief of the Branch of Domestic Listing, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Threatened Species Sta-tus for Yellow Lance (RIN1018–BB45) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on April 20, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4954. A communication from the Pro-gram Coordinator, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Migratory Bird Hunting and Con-servation Stamp (Duck Stamp) Contest Reg-ulations’’ (RIN1018–BB23) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 20, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4955. A communication from the Chief of the Branch of Listing Policy and Support, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Removing Textual Descriptions of Critical Habitat Boundaries for Mammals, Birds, Amphibians, Fishes, Clams, Snails, Arachnids, Crusta-ceans, and Insects’’ (RIN1018–BA81) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on April 20, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4956. A communication from the Chief of the Branch of Delisting, Downlisting, and Foreign Species, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Removing the Black-Capped Vireo From the Federal List of Endangered and Threatened Wildlife’’ (RIN1018–BB79) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 20, 2018; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–4957. A communication from the Chief of the Branch of Domestic Listing, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Threatened Species Sta-tus for Louisiana Pinesnake’’ (RIN1018–BB46) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 20, 2018; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–4958. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Modification of Certain 2018 Cost-of-Living Adjustments’’ (Rev. Proc. 2018–22) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 18, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24AP6.050 S24APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2387 April 24, 2018 
EC–4959. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fringe Benefits Aircraft Valuation Formula’’ (Rev. Proc. 2018–10) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 18, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4960. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of defense articles, including tech-nical data, and defense services to Belgium, Norway and the United Kingdom to support the maintenance, repair and overhaul of F– 100 aircraft engines in the amount of $100,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 17–089); to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. EC–4961. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of defense articles, including tech-nical data, and defense services to France and Japan to support development and modi-fication of maritime patrol aircraft for use by the government of Japan in the amount of $100,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 17–117); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4962. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) and (d) of the Arms Export Con-trol Act, the certification of a proposed li-cense for the manufacture of significant military equipment abroad and the export of defense articles, including technical data, and defense services to Japan to support the manufacture of Mk 46 Torpedo assemblies and components in Japan in the amount of $100,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 17–133); to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. EC–4963. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of defense articles, including tech-nical data, and defense services to the United Kingdom for the assembly of GPS Aided In-ertial Navigation Systems (GAINS) and man-ufacture of the electronic and mechanical components and parts for GAINS for use in Paveway Weapon Systems in the amount of $100,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 17–136); to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. EC–4964. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of defense articles, including tech-nical data, and defense services to the United Kingdom for the manufacture of control sec-tion units and associated electronics mod-ules for the AIM–120 Advanced Medium Range Air-to-Air Missile for end use by the United States Government in the amount of $100,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 17–137); to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. EC–4965. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of defense articles, including tech-nical data, and defense services to Australia to support the integration and operation, en-gineering support, training, testing, mainte-nance, and repair of AN/PRC–158 software de-fined tactical radio systems and the Network Planning and Management System for com-mand and control/command, control, com-munications, computers, intelligence, sur-veillance and reconnaissance mission appli-cations in the amount of $100,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 17–138); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. EC–4966. A communication from the Assist-ant Legal Adviser for Treaty Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b, as amended, the report of the texts and background state-ments of international agreements, other than treaties (List 2018–0036—2018–0039); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4967. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Division of Longhsore and Harbor Workers’ Compensation, Office of Workers’ Compensation Programs, Department of Labor, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Longshore and Har-bor Workers’ Compensation Act: Maximum and Minimum Compensation Rates’’ (RIN1240–AA06) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 19, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4968. A communication from the Acting Director, Court Services and Offender Super-vision Agency for the District of Columbia, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Agency’s fiscal year 2017 annual report relative to the Notification and Federal Employee Anti-discrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–4969. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Administration, Depart-ment of Transportation, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the Agency’s fiscal year 2016 Federal Activities Inventory Reform (FAIR) Act submission of its commercial and inher-ently governmental activities; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–4970. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Personnel Management, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the Office’s Fiscal Year 2017 annual report relative to the Noti-fication and Federal Employee Antidiscrimi-nation and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–4971. A communication from the Acting Director, Court Services and Offender Super-vision Agency for the District of Columbia, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Agency’s fiscal year 2017 annual report relative to the Notification and Federal Employee Anti-discrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–4972. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–300, ‘‘Injured Metropolitan Police Office Relief Amendment Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–4973. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–301, ‘‘Child Neglect and Sex Trafficking Temporary Amendment Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–4974. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–302, ‘‘Pools Without Penalties Temporary Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–4975. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–303, ‘‘Deferred Compensation Program Enrollment Amendment Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–4976. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–304, ‘‘Office-to-Affordable- Housing Task Force Establishment Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–4977. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–305, ‘‘Community Residential Facilities Third-Party Notice of Utility Dis-connection Requirement of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–4978. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–306, ‘‘Great Streets Technical Amendment Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–4979. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–307, ‘‘Medical Assistance Pro-gram Modernization Amendment Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–4980. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–308, ‘‘Dupont Circle Business Improvement District Amendment Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–4981. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–312, ‘‘Senior Dental Services Program Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–4982. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–313, ‘‘Interstate Medical Li-censure Compact Enactment Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–4983. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–314, ‘‘Nurse Staffing Agency Amendment Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–4984. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–315, ‘‘Maternal Mortality Re-view Committee Establishment Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–4985. A communication from the Senior Official performing the duties of the Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readi-ness), transmitting, pursuant to law, the De-partment’s fiscal years 2016 and 2017 annual reports relative to the Notification and Fed-eral Employee Antidiscrimination and Re-taliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–4986. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Federal Trade Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report enti-tled ‘‘Hart-Scott-Rodino Annual Report: Fis-cal Year 2017’’; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. EC–4987. A communication from the Regu-lation Policy Development Coordinator, Of-fice of Regulation Policy and Management, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24AP6.009 S24APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2388 April 24, 2018 
Department of Veterans Affairs, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Revise and Streamline VA Acquisi-tion Regulation to Adhere to Federal Acqui-sition Regulation Principles (VAAR Case 2014–V001)’’ (RIN2900–AP50) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 20, 2018; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. EC–4988. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Agusta S.p.A. Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0940)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4989. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Agusta S.p.A. Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0170)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4990. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Agusta S.p.A. Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–1010)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4991. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Helicopters Deutsch-land GmbH (Previously Eurocopter Deutsch-land GmbH) Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–1011)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4992. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0177)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4993. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0902)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4994. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–1096)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4995. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0164)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4996. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–0711)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 23, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4997. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–1176)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 23, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4998. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–0805)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 23, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4999. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–0668)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 23, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5000. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–0778)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 23, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5001. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–0903)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 23, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5002. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0810)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5003. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0626)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5004. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0495)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5005. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Pacific Aerospace Limited Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0285)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5006. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Textron Aviation Inc. Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–1120)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 23, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5007. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Textron Aviation Inc. Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2018–0288)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 23, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5008. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Dassault Aviation Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–0908)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 23, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5009. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; XtremeAir GmbH Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2018–0284)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 23, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5010. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Piper Aircraft, Incor-porated’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2018–0245)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 23, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5011. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Honda Aircraft Company LLC’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2018–0223)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 23, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5012. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24AP6.011 S24APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2389 April 24, 2018 
Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Embraer S.A. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–1119)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5013. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Fokker Services B.V. Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2018–0268)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 23, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5014. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (20); Amdt. No. 3792’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5015. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (125); Amdt. No. 3791’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5016. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (17); Amdt. No. 3794’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5017. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (74); Amdt. No. 3793’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5018. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (75); Amdt. No. 3789’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5019. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (34); Amdt. No. 3790’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5020. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class D and E Airspace for the fol-lowing Missouri Towns; Cape Giradeau , MO; St. Louis, MO; and Macon, MO’’ ((RIN2120– AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2016–9559)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5021. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Messana, NY’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0953)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5022. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class B Airspace Description; St. Louis, MO’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0178)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5023. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Selinsgrove, PA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0839)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5024. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment, Revocation, and Establishment of Class D and E Airspace; Enid Vance AFB, OK; Enid Woodring Municipal Airport, OK; Enid, OK; and Vance AFB, OK’’ ((RIN2120– AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2016–9378)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5025. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Massena, NY’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0953)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5026. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class D and E Airspace; Lewiston, ID’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017– 0986)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–5027. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class D and E Airspace; Twin Falls, ID’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017– 0969)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–5028. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class D Airspace; Clanton, AL’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0802)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5029. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Modifica-tion and Revocation of multiple Air Traffic Services (ATS) Routes; Northcentral United States’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA– 2016–9555)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 23, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5030. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class E Airspace; Yuma, CO’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–1064)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5031. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Restricted Areas R–2907C; Lake George, FL, R–2910B, R–2910C, and R–2910E; Pinecastle, FL’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0103)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5032. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Restricted Areas R–2907C, R–2910B, R–2910C, and R–2910E; Pinecastle, FL’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0103)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5033. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Restricted Areas R–2501E, R–2501N, R–2501W, and R–2501S; Bullion Mountains, CA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2018– 0102)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–5034. A communication from the Trial Attorney, Federal Railroad Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘System Safety Program’’ ((RIN2130–AC31) (Docket No. FRA–2011–0060, Notice No. 6)) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5035. A communication from the Trial Attorney, Federal Railroad Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘System Safety Program’’ ((RIN2130–AC31) (Docket No. FRA–2011–0060, Notice No. 5)) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24AP6.013 S24APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2390 April 24, 2018 
EC–5036. A communication from the Trial Attorney, Federal Railroad Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘System Safety Program’’ ((RIN2130–AC31) (Docket No. FRA–2011–0060, Notice No. 6)) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5037. A communication from the Trial Attorney, Federal Railroad Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Training, Qualification, and Oversight for Safety-Related Railroad Employees’’ (RIN2130–AC68) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5038. A communication from the Trial Attorney, Federal Railroad Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘System Safety Program’’ ((RIN2130–AC31) (Docket No. FRA–2011–0060, Notice No. 4)) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5039. A communication from the Fed-eral Register Liaison Officer, Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of the Cape May Peninsula Viticultural Area’’ (RIN1513–AC26) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 18, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5040. A communication from the Chief Counsel, National Institute of Standards and Technology, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Rights to Federally Funded Inventions and Licensing of Government Owned Inventions’’ (RIN0693–AB63) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5041. A communication from the Chief of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communica-tions Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Section 73.624(g) of the Commission’s Rules Regarding Submission of FCC Form 2100, Schedule G, Used to Report TV Sta-tions’ Ancillary or Supplementary Services; Modernization of Media Regulation Initia-tive’’ ((MB Docket No. 17–264 and MB Docket No. 17–105) (FCC 18–41)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 18, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5042. A communication from the Dep-uty Chief, Wireless Telecommunications Bu-reau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Auction of FM Translator Construction Permits Scheduled for June 21, 2018; Notice and Filing Requirements, Min-imum Opening Bids, Upfront Payments, and Other Procedures for Auction 83’’ ((AU Dock-et No. 17–351) (DA 18–257)) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on April 18, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5043. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Pacific Aerospace Limited Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0210)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 23, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5044. A communication from the Ad-ministrator, Transportation Security Ad-ministration, Department of Homeland Se-curity, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port entitled ‘‘2018 Biennial National Strat-egy for Transportation Security’’; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. INHOFE for Mr. M CCAIN for the Committee on Armed Services. Air Force nomination of Maj. Gen. Doro-thy A. Hogg, to be Lieutenant General. Navy nomination of Rear Adm. Richard P. Snyder, to be Vice Admiral. Navy nomination of Vice Adm. John C. Aquilino, to be Admiral. Navy nomination of Vice Adm. Charles A. Richard, to be Vice Admiral . Navy nomination of Capt. Gregory N. Todd, to be Rear Admiral (lower half). Navy nomination of Capt. John S. Lemmon, to be Rear Admiral (lower half). Navy nominations beginning with Rear Adm. (lh) Ronald C. Copley and ending with Rear Adm. (lh) Kathleen M. Creighton, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on March 12, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Rear Adm. (lh) Brian K. Corey and ending with Rear Adm. (lh) Johnny R. Wolfe, Jr., which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on March 12, 2018. Navy nomination of Rear Adm. (lh) Darse E. Crandall, to be Rear Admiral. Navy nominations beginning with Capt. Kristen B. Fabry and ending with Capt. Jo-seph D. Noble, Jr., which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on March 12, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Capt. Heidi K. Berg and ending with Capt. William E. Chase III, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on March 12, 2018. Navy nomination of Capt. John J. Adametz, to be Rear Admiral (lower half). Navy nomination of Capt. Thomas J. An-derson, to be Rear Admiral (lower half). Navy nominations beginning with Capt. James A. Aiken and ending with Capt. George M. Wikoff, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on March 12, 2018. Air Force nomination of Gen. Terrence J. O’Shaughnessy, to be General. Air Force nomination of Col. Michael T. Gerock, to be Brigadier General. Army nomination of Maj. Gen. Stephen G. Fogarty, to be Lieutenant General. Army nomination of Brig. Gen. Raymond S. Dingle, to be Major General. Army nomination of Maj. Gen. Francis M. Beaudette, to be Lieutenant General. Army nominations beginning with Brig. Gen. Eugene J. LeBoeuf and ending with Col. Robert E. Suter, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on April 9, 2018. Navy nomination of Adm. Philip S. David-son, to be Admiral. Navy nomination of Rear Adm. David M. Kriete, to be Vice Admiral. Navy nomination of Rear Adm. (lh) Michelle C. Skubic, to be Rear Admiral. Navy nominations beginning with Rear Adm. (lh) Eugene H. Black III and ending with Rear Adm. (lh) Kenneth R. Whitesell, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on April 9, 2018. Navy nomination of Rear Adm. (lh) Brent W. Scott, to be Rear Admiral (lower half). Navy nomination of Capt. Darin K. Via, to be Rear Admiral (lower half). Marine Corps nomination of Lt. Gen. Mi-chael G. Dana, to be Lieutenant General. Marine Corps nomination of Lt. Gen. David H. Berger, to be Lieutenant General. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Col. Stephen E. Liszewski and ending with Col. Calvert L. Worth, Jr., which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record on April 9, 2018. Marine Corps nomination of Maj. Gen. Charles G. Chiarotti, to be Lieutenant Gen-eral. 
Mr. INHOFE for Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, for the Committee on Armed Services I report favorably the fol-lowing nomination lists which were printed in the R
ECORDS on the dates in-dicated, and ask unanimous consent, to save the expense of reprinting on the Executive Calendar that these nomina-tions lie at the Secretary’s desk for the information of Senators. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
Air Force nominations beginning with Richard G. Anderson and ending with Joel K. Warren, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on February 8, 2018. Air Force nominations beginning with Ronnelle Armstrong and ending with John Marion Von Almen, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on February 8, 2018. Air Force nominations beginning with Ali-son Lee Beach and ending with Cortney Lynn Zuercher, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on February 8, 2018. Air Force nominations beginning with Mi-chael J. Abbott and ending with David Rus-sell Wright, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on April 9, 2018. Army nomination of Tia W. Caphart, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nomination of Napoleon A. Campos, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nomination of Kevin R. Embry, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Andrew J. Furjanic, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Daniel L. Lee, to be Colonel. Army nomination of John M. Williams, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Roberto Sorianoolivas, to be Major. Army nomination of Jason Palatas, to be Major. Army nominations beginning with Jose R. Reveles, Jr. and ending with Kenneth J. Strauss, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on April 9, 2018. Army nomination of D012279, to be Lieu-tenant Colonel. Army nomination of Russell B. Gilliland, to be Major. Army nomination of Erik M. Bauer, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Lawrence W. Henry, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Kenneth A. Willeford, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nomination of D012941, to be Lieu-tenant Colonel. Army nomination of Roxanne T. Sickles, to be Major. Army nomination of James F. Huggins II, to be Colonel. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24AP6.016 S24APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2391 April 24, 2018 
Army nomination of Denny L. Rozenberg, to be Colonel. Marine Corps nomination of Douglas R. Burian, to be Major. Marine Corps nomination of Chad R. Fitz-gerald, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Navy nomination of Edward M. Crossman, to be Captain. Navy nominations beginning with Nana K. Appiawiah and ending with Austin R. Young-er, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on March 12, 2018. By Mr. ALEXANDER for the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. *Jon Parrish Peede, of Mississippi, to be Chairperson of the National Endowment for the Humanities for a term of four years. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. (Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. TESTER: S. 2732. A bill to clarify that participants in the National Health Service Corps Loan Repayment Program may be assigned to serve in pediatric inpatient mental health facilities; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. WARNER (for himself, Mr. M
ANCHIN , Mrs. C APITO , and Mr. K
AINE): S. 2733. A bill to amend the Department of Agriculture Reorganization Act of 1994 to re-name the Department of Agriculture; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. C
RUZ): S. 2734. A bill to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse lo-cated at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. RISCH (for himself and Mr. P
ETERS ): S. 2735. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to provide for the establishment of an enhanced cybersecurity assistance and pro-tections for small businesses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Busi-ness and Entrepreneurship. By Mr. GARDNER (for himself, Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. C ARDIN , and Mr. Y
OUNG ): S. 2736. A bill to develop a long-term stra-tegic vision and a comprehensive, multi-faceted, and principled United States policy for the Indo-Pacific region, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. By Mr. KAINE (for himself, Mr. P
ORTMAN , Ms. B ALDWIN , and Mrs. C
APITO ): S. 2737. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to provide for the prepara-tion of career and technical education teach-ers; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. BURR: S. 2738. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to require air carrier passengers with service animals to adhere to a standard of service animal behavior training; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Ms. BALDWIN (for herself, Mr. CAS-
SIDY, Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mr. C
ASEY ): S. 2739. A bill to increase the authority of the Secretary of Health and Human Services to restrict the entrance of illicit drugs into the United States; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Ms. W
ARREN , Ms. H ARRIS , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , and Mr. S ANDERS ): S. 2740. A bill to authorize the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration to establish a Climate Change Education Pro-gram, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. By Mr. CASSIDY (for himself and Ms. B
ALDWIN ): S. 2741. A bill to authorize the United States Postal Service to inspect the contents of certain suspicious packages for illicit ma-terials without a warrant; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. By Mr. HATCH (for himself and Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ): S. 2742. A bill to amend the Controlled Sub-stances Act to more effectively regulate se-lective androgen receptor modulators, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. FEINSTEIN: S. 2743. A bill to clarify that the Secretary of Homeland Security is not required to pro-vide notice to private entities before issuing binding operational directives on agency in-formation security policies and practices; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself, Mr. P
ERDUE , and Mr. L EAHY ): S.J. Res. 60. A joint resolution providing for the reappointment of Barbara M. Barrett as a citizen regent of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution; to the Com-mittee on Rules and Administration. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. HATCH (for himself, Mr. G ARD-
NER, Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , and Mr. V AN H
OLLEN ): S. Res. 481. A resolution calling upon the leadership of the Government of the Demo-cratic People’s Republic of Korea to dis-mantle its labor camp system, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. By Mr. CASEY (for himself and Mr. T
OOMEY ): S. Res. 482. A resolution congratulating the Villanova University Wildcats for winning the 2018 National Collegiate Athletic Asso-ciation Division I Men’s Basketball Tour-nament; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 112 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 112, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize per diem payments under comprehensive service programs for homeless veterans to furnish care to dependents of home-less veterans, and for other purposes. S. 428 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 428, a bill to amend titles XIX and XXI of the Social Security Act to authorize States to provide coordinated care to children with complex medical condi-tions through enhanced pediatric health homes, and for other purposes. 
S. 448 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 448, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for treatment of clinical psy-chologists as physicians for purposes of furnishing clinical psychologist serv-ices under the Medicare program. 
S. 629 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 629, a bill to amend the Federal Food, Drugs, and Cosmetic Act to en-sure the safety and effectiveness of medically important antimicrobials approved for use in the prevention, control, and treatment of animal dis-eases, in order to minimize the devel-opment of antibiotic-resistant bac-teria. 
S. 755 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 755, a bill to amend the Pilot’s Bill of Rights to facilitate appeals, to limit the reexamination of airman certifi-cates, and for other purposes. 
S. 1112 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the names of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ), the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) and the Sen-ator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) were added as cosponsors of S. 1112, a bill to support States in their work to save and sustain the health of mothers dur-ing pregnancy, childbirth, and in the postpartum period, to eliminate dis-parities in maternal health outcomes for pregnancy-related and pregnancy- associated deaths, to identify solutions to improve health care quality and health outcomes for mothers, and for other purposes. 
S. 1320 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1320, a bill to reform apportionments to general aviation airports under the air-port improvement program, to improve project delivery at certain airports, and to designate certain airports as disaster relief airports, and for other purposes. 
S. 1361 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24AP6.017 S24APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2392 April 24, 2018 
1361, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to allow physician assistants, nurse practitioners, and clinical nurse specialists to supervise cardiac, intensive cardiac, and pul-monary rehabilitation programs. 
S. 1503 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1503, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in recognition of the 60th anni-versary of the Naismith Memorial Bas-ketball Hall of Fame. 
S. 2147 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) and the Senator from Massa-chusetts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2147, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to create a Pension Rehabilitation Trust Fund to establish a Pension Rehabili-tation Administration within the De-partment of the Treasury to make loans to multiemployer defined benefit plans, and for other purposes. 
S. 2334 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the names of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) and the Senator from Massa-chusetts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2334, a bill to amend title 17, United States Code, to provide clarity with respect to, and to mod-ernize, the licensing system for musi-cal works under section 115 of that title, to ensure fairness in the estab-lishment of certain rates and fees under sections 114 and 115 of that title, and for other purposes. 
S. 2343 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the names of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. T
HUNE ) and the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2343, a bill to require the Federal Communications Commis-sion to establish a task force for meet-ing the connectivity and technology needs of precision agriculture in the United States. 
S. 2506 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2506, a bill to establish an aviation maintenance workforce development pilot program. 
S. 2564 
At the request of Mr. T ILLIS , the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2564, a bill to amend title 11, United States Code, to promote the investiga-tion of fraudulent claims against cer-tain trusts, to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide penalties against fraudulent claims against cer-tain trusts, and for other purposes. 
S. 2607 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the names of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) and the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) were added as cosponsors of S. 2607, a bill to provide family mem-bers of an individual who they fear is a danger to himself, herself, or others, or law enforcement, with new tools to prevent gun violence. S. 2680 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the names of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) and the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) were added as cosponsors of S. 2680, a bill to address the opioid crisis. At the request of Mrs. M
URRAY , the names of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) and the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2680, supra. 
S. 2708 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2708, a bill to provide for the es-tablishment of Medicare part E public health plans, and for other purposes. 
S. 2719 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2719, a bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to estab-lish a registry to ensure that members of the Armed Forces who may have been exposed to per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances on military installations receive information re-garding such exposure, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 136 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 136, a resolution expressing the sense of the Senate regarding the 102nd anniversary of the Armenian Genocide. 
S. RES. 440 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the names of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) and the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 440, a resolution designating April 2018 as ‘‘Second Chance Month’’. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. KAINE (for himself, Mr. P
ORTMAN , Ms. B ALDWIN , and Mrs. C
APITO ): S. 2737. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to provide for the preparation of career and technical education teachers; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions. Mr. KAINE. Mr. President. Maintain-ing a talented workforce is essential to cultivating a strong economy and posi-tioning our Nation for success in to-day’s increasingly competitive global marketplace. Opportunities for edu-cation, professional development, and the acquisition of skills immediately translatable in the workplace will help to ensure that our students and work-ers are equipped with the skills re-quired to succeed in the 21st century. Career and technical education (CTE) programs play a vital role in increasing student engagement, continuing our nation’s economic competitiveness, and building the skills of our country’s workforce. In recent years, there has been a re-surgence of student interest in career and technical education, but shortages in high-quality CTE teachers have made it difficult for school districts to meet this demand. While the Higher Education and Opportunity Act of 2008 provides grants for teacher residency partnership programs to colleges and universities who work with high-needs school districts to train prospective teachers, no CTE-focused partnerships exist. That is why I am introducing with my colleagues, Senator BALDWIN , Sen-ator P
ORTMAN and Senator C APITO the Creating Quality Technical Educators Act, which would amend the Higher Education and Opportunity Act to cre-ate a CTE teacher-training grant part-nership to equip aspiring CTE teachers with real-world experience and credible skills to apply in the classroom. This legislation would foster teacher train-ing partnerships between high-needs secondary schools and post-secondary institutions to create a one-year resi-dency initiative for teachers and in-cludes teacher mentorship for a min-imum of two years. This period of hands-on training and mentorship will only increase the ability of CTE teach-ers to benefit their students through classroom instruction and serve as a career model. In addition to establishing CTE spe-cific teacher-training grant partner-ships, this bill takes a proactive ap-proach to recruiting and training more high-quality CTE teachers. CTE teach-er residencies would target teacher candidates from a variety of back-grounds including recent college grad-uates, veterans, mid-career profes-sionals, and currently licensed teachers with a need for technical skills train-ing who seek to transition into CTE fields. As co-chair of the Senate CTE Cau-cus, I am proud to introduce this com-monsense, bipartisan legislation to re-cruit and train talented teachers to meet the rising need for CTE. The Cre-ating Quality Technical Educators Act is an important step towards ensuring access to high-quality CTE instruction, preparing teachers for success, and maintaining the skill set of our Na-tion’s workforce. 
By Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. C
RUZ): S. 2734. A bill to designate the Fed-eral building and United States court-house located at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24AP6.019 S24APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2393 April 24, 2018 
There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 2734 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. GEORGE P. KAZEN FEDERAL BUILD-ING AND UNITED STATES COURT-HOUSE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The Federal building and United States courthouse located at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the Federal building and United States courthouse re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘George P. Kazen Fed-eral Building and United States Court-house’’. f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 481—CALL-ING UPON THE LEADERSHIP OF THE GOVERNMENT OF THE DEMOCRATIC PEOPLE’S REPUB-LIC OF KOREA TO DISMANTLE ITS LABOR CAMP SYSTEM, AND FOR OTHER PURPOSES Mr. HATCH (for himself, Mr. G
ARD-
NER, Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , and Mr. V AN H
OLLEN ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 481 Whereas the public has long been aware of the labor camp system in the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea (North Korea) through continuous eye-witness and survivor accounts, and now publicly available sat-ellite technology; Whereas, according to The Hidden Gulag IV report, North Korea runs 2 kinds of prison camps, the kwan-li-so and the kyo-hwa-so, as well as ‘‘various types of short-term forced labour detention facilities’’; Whereas the most heinous camps, the kwan-li-so, known as Prison Camp 14, 15, 16, 18, and 25, contain roughly 80,000 to 120,000 political prisoners; Whereas the Inquiry on Crimes Against Humanity in North Korea Political Prisons Report of 2017 states that ‘‘hundreds of thou-sands of inmates are estimated to have died’’; Whereas, from 1981 to 2013, an estimated 400,000 people out of 500,000 imprisoned were killed in these labor camps; Whereas persons who are sent to these labor camps are forcibly disappeared and in-tended to die; Whereas the United Nations Commission of Inquiry on Human Rights in the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea found, ‘‘the in-mate population has been gradually elimi-nated through deliberate starvation, forced labour, executions, torture, rape and the de-nial of reproductive rights enforced through punishment, forced abortion and infan-ticide’’; Whereas up to 3 generations of a ‘‘viola-tor’s’’ family will be sent to the labor camps even if no ‘‘wrongdoing’’ is found; Whereas, according to the Inquiry on Crimes Against Humanity in North Korea Political Prisons Report of 2017, the Govern-ment of North Korea regularly and routinely commits crimes against humanity, including murder, extermination, enslavement, forc-ible transfer, imprisonment, torture, sexual violence, persecution, enforced disappear-ances, and other inhumane acts; Whereas, according to the best available evidence, some specific crimes identified by the Inquiry are that— (1) ‘‘Christians are heavily persecuted and receive especially harsh treatment in prison camps, with one former prison guard testi-fying that ‘Christians were reactionaries and there were lots of instructions . . . to wipe out the seed of reactionaries’’’; (2) multiple witnesses watched prisoners tortured and killed on account of their reli-gious affiliation; (3) a prisoner was raped by a security offi-cer, after which the officer stuck a wooden stick inside her vagina and beat her lower body, resulting in her death within a week of the rape; (4) an abortion was induced by 3 men standing on a wooden plank placed on a preg-nant prisoner’s stomach; (5) another witness lost consciousness after enduring a beating designed to trigger pre-mature labor, with prison officials killing her baby before she could regain conscious-ness; (6) rape victims who feared being killed after becoming pregnant engaged in self-in-duced abortions by eating dirt and poisoning themselves with flower roots; (7) other rape victims self-induced abor-tions by inserting a rubber tube in their va-ginas; (8) rape of teenage girls and their subse-quent attempts to commit suicide by jump-ing in the Daedonggang River were so com-mon that prison guards were deployed to the river to thwart them; (9) four pregnant women were executed for protesting the fact guards forced them to run down a mountain in a failed effort to in-duce miscarriages; (10) twelve prisoners were shot and killed in the commotion that ensued after the exe-cution of the 4 pregnant women referenced in paragraph (9), and a former prison guard wit-nessed a prisoner’s newborn baby, most like-ly fathered by a high-ranking official, fed to guard dogs and killed; (11) female prisoners suspected of being im-pregnated by non-Korean men (namely Chi-nese men) are subjected to especially harsh treatment, with one witness describing a prisoner being injected with a labor-inducing drug and having to watch as a guard suffo-cated her newborn to death with a wet towel; (12) a former North Korean army nurse tes-tified that she saw multiple abortions per-formed by injecting Ravenol (a motor oil) into the wombs of pregnant women and that babies born 3 to 4 months premature were ‘‘wrapped in newspapers and put in a bucket until buried’’ behind the detention center; (13) deliberate starvation, malnutrition, and overwork are extremely common, result-ing in the deaths of countless prisoners; (14) at one prison camp, 1,500 to 2,000 pris-oners, mostly children, are believed to have died each year from malnutrition, while many other prisoners were beaten to death for failing to meet production quotas; (15) starving prisoners are regularly exe-cuted when caught scavenging for food; (16) at one prison camp, starving prisoners who were found digging up edible plants on a mountainside were shot to death; (17) at another camp, a witness saw a fel-low inmate executed for stealing potatoes, while in a separate camp a witness described the execution of numerous prisoners caught scavenging for leftover food in prison guards’ quarters; (18) a prisoner was beaten to death for hid-ing stolen corn in his mouth; (19) public executions by firing squads or other means are common, especially for pris-oners caught attempting to escape; (20) the existence of mass graves is well documented, including detailed descriptions of mass burial sites at or near prison camps, as well as testimony about bodies being ‘‘dumped’’ on mountainsides near prison camps; (21) an undisclosed location near a prison camp was regularly used for nighttime exe-cutions, with gunshots clearly audible; (22) at a 1990 prison riot, approximately 1,500 prisoners were shot and killed, their bodies discarded in a closed mine; (23) in order to satisfy production quotas, inmates—including teenagers—were forced to perform 15 to 16 hours of hard labor per day; (24) one witness was forced to perform hard labor (carrying logs) when he was 9 years old; (25) at one mine in particular, prisoners were forced to work 20 hours per day, with a witness testifying that approximately 200 prisoners died each year at that mine alone; (26) a soldier supervising a forced labor site at a political prison rolled a log down a steep mountainside, killing 10 prisoners as they were carrying logs up the mountain; (27) the bodies of some prisoners who died as a result of forced labor or torture were thrown into the cells of prisoners in solitary confinement and later strung on barbed-wire fences where they were eaten by crows; (28) one witness described a torture cham-ber with blood and flesh on the walls and de-caying corpses of past victims placed in the chamber in order to instill fear in the next prisoner; (29) psychological abuse in political prisons is pervasive, with gruesome acts, including executions, carried out in plain view of fel-low prisoners in order to terrorize them; and (30) torture is a routine feature of life in political prisons, with a 2014 report by Am-nesty International concluding that ‘‘North Korea’s prison camps are very possibly home to some of the most appalling torture in the world’’; Whereas officials of the Government of North Korea continually deny the existence of the labor camps; Whereas the Inquiry on Crimes Against Humanity in North Korea Political Prisons Report of 2017 found that North Korea’s labor camp system ‘‘has no parallel in the world today’’; and Whereas the United Nations Commission of Inquiry on Human Rights in the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea found that the government continually commits crimes against humanity and will not cease, ‘‘be-cause the policies, institutions, and patterns of impunity that lie at their root remain in place’’: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) calls upon the international community to— (A) demand the Democratic People’s Re-public of Korea (North Korea) dismantle its labor camp system; (B) create a special tribunal with jurisdic-tion to investigate and remedy crimes against humanity committed by the Govern-ment of North Korea; (C) issue targeted sanctions against those individuals who have committed such crimes against humanity; and (D) ban import of goods made by prisoners 
in the North Korean labor camp system; (2) calls on the leadership of the Govern-ment of North Korea to— (A) immediately cease human rights abuses; (B) release the roughly 80,000–120,000 polit-ical prisoners; (C) halt the ongoing arrests of North Kore-ans on political and religious grounds; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24AP6.023 S24APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2394 April 24, 2018 
(D) allow the International Committee of the Red Cross entry into the camps to assist with the release and rehabilitation of pris-oners; (E) allow entry to the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights and the United Nations Special Rapporteur on Human Rights in North Korea to monitor the situation and assist with the rehabilita-tion; and (F) comply with international standards of food distribution and monitoring and allow full access to international humanitarian agencies; and (3) calls on the United States Government to— (A) continue to pursue any additional sanc-tions to the extent possible against those in-dividuals responsible for the North Korean labor camp system, including individuals ad-ministering such labor camps; and (B) continue to raise awareness in the international community of the labor camps and the continuing atrocious crimes being committed in the labor camps. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 482—CON-GRATULATING THE VILLANOVA UNIVERSITY WILDCATS FOR WINNING THE 2018 NATIONAL COLLEGIATE ATHLETIC ASSOCIA-TION DIVISION I MEN’S BASKET-BALL TOURNAMENT Mr. CASEY (for himself and Mr. T
OOMEY ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 482 Whereas on April 2, 2018, the Villanova University Wildcats (referred to in this pre-amble as the ‘‘Villanova Wildcats’’) defeated the University of Michigan Wolverines by a score of 79–62 in the final game of the Na-tional Collegiate Athletic Association (re-ferred to in this preamble as the ‘‘NCAA’’) Division I Men’s Basketball Tournament in San Antonio, Texas; Whereas the Villanova Wildcats won the NCAA championship in 1985, 2016, and 2018; Whereas junior point guard Jalen Brunson was named the National Player of the Year after leading the Villanova Wildcats to a sec-ond NCAA championship in 3 seasons; Whereas redshirt sophomore guard Donte DiVincenzo was named the Final Four Most Outstanding Player of 2018; Whereas the record of Donte DiVincenzo of 31 points, 10-for-15 shooting, 5 rebounds, 3 as-sists, and 2 blocks will be remembered as one of the greatest individual title game per-formances in the history of the NCAA tour-nament; Whereas Donte DiVincenzo joins Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Bill Walton, and Jack ‘‘Goose’’ Givens as the only players that have scored 30 points and shot 66 percent or better from the field in an NCAA title game; Whereas the Villanova Wildcats made 18 3- point field goals in the national semifinal game against the University of Kansas, set-ting an NCAA tournament record; Whereas the Villanova Wildcats— (1) finished the 2017–2018 season with a record of 36–4; (2) have won 4 Big East men’s basketball tournament titles; and (3) have won 3 national championships; and Whereas Villanova University is com-mitted to the ideal of the student athlete and the education of the athletes of Villanova University, as evidenced by the presence of 2 seniors and 5 juniors on the ros-ter of the Villanova Wildcats: Now, there-fore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) congratulates and honors the Villanova University Wildcats men’s basketball team on the performance of the team in the 2018 National Collegiate Athletic Association Di-vision I Men’s Basketball Tournament; and (2) recognizes and commends the hard work, dedication, determination, and com-mitment to excellence of the players, par-ents, families, coaches, and managers of the Villanova University Wildcats. f AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 2240. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. R UBIO) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 2061, to reauthorize the North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004, and for other purposes. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 2240. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. R
UBIO) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 2061, to reauthorize the North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘North Ko-rean Human Rights Reauthorization Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) In 2014, the United Nations Commission of Inquiry (COI) on Human Rights in the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea (DPRK) found that the grave human rights violations still being perpetrated against the people of North Korea, due to policies estab-lished at the highest level of the state, amount to crimes against humanity. Crimes include forced starvation, sexual violence against women and children, restrictions on freedom of movement, arbitrary detention, torture, executions, and enforced disappear-ances, among other hardships. (2) The COI also noted that the Govern-ment of the People’s Republic of China is aiding and abetting in crimes against hu-manity by forcibly repatriating North Ko-rean refugees back to the DPRK. Upon repa-triation, North Koreans are sent to prison camps, tortured, or even executed. The Gov-ernment of the People’s Republic of China’s forcible repatriation of North Korean refu-gees violates its obligation to uphold the principle of non-refoulement, under the United Nations Convention Relating to the Status of Refugees, done at Geneva July 28, 1951 (as made applicable by the Protocol Re-lating to the Status of Refugees, done at New York January 31, 1967 (19 UST 6223)). (3) Estimates from the COI suggest that be-tween 80,000 and 120,000 people are believed to be imprisoned in political prison camps in North Korea. Another 70,000 are believed to be held at other detention facilities. Pris-oners in both situations are subject to harsh conditions, limited food, sexual abuse, and in most cases hard labor. (4) One of the findings of the COI report was the persecution of religious minorities, especially Christians. There is effectively no freedom of religion in North Korea, only worship of the Kim family. Christians are subjected to particularly acute persecution. It has been reported that Christians in North Korea have been tortured, forcibly detained, and even executed for possessing a Bible or professing Christianity. (5) North Korea profits from its human rights abuses. A 2014 report from the Asian Institute for Policy Studies suggests that there are nearly 50,000 North Korean workers forced to labor overseas, sometimes without compensation, and for as much as 20 hours at a time. Workers that received compensation were not to be paid more than $150 per month, which is between 10 to 20 percent of the value of the labor they performed. Based on this report, the regime may profit as much as $360,000,000 annually from just 50,000 laborers. (6) On July 6, 2016, the United States im-posed sanctions on North Korean leader Kim Jong Un and other senior North Korean offi-cials for human rights violations as required by the North Korea Sanctions and Policy En-hancement Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–122). This was the first time that the United States had designated North Korean officials for human rights abuses. (7) The North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhancement Act of 2016 (Public Law 114– 122) requires the President to impose manda-tory penalties under United States law on any person that ‘‘knowingly engages in, is responsible for, or facilitates serious human rights abuses by the Government of North Korea’’. (8) Although the United States Refugee Ad-missions Program remains the largest in the world by far, the United States has only re-settled 212 refugees from North Korea since the date of the enactment of the North Korea Human Rights Act of 2004 (Public Law 108–333). SEC. 3. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the United States Government should continue to make it a priority to improve in-formation access in North Korea by explor-ing the use of new and emerging technologies and expanding nongovernmental radio broad-casting to North Korea, including news and information; (2) the United Nations has a significant role to play in promoting and improving human rights in North Korea and should press for access for the Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in North Korea as well as the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights; (3) because North Koreans fleeing into China face a well-founded fear of persecution upon their forcible repatriation, the United States should urge China to— (A) immediately halt the forcible repatri-ation of North Koreans; (B) allow the United Nations High Commis-sioner for Refugees unimpeded access to North Koreans inside China to determine whether such North Koreans require protec-tion as refugees; (C) fulfill its obligations under the 1951 United Nations Convention Relating to the Status of Refugees, the 1967 Protocol Relat-ing to the Status of Refugees, and the Agree-ment on the Upgrading of the UNHCR Mis-sion in the People’s Republic of China to UNHCR Branch Office in the People’s Repub-lic of China (signed December 1, 1995); (D) address the concerns of the United Na-tions Committee against Torture by incor-porating the principle of non-refoulement into Chinese domestic legislation; and (E) recognize the legal status of North Ko-rean women who marry or have children with Chinese citizens, and ensure that all such children are granted resident status and access to education and other public services in accordance with Chinese law and inter-national standards; (4) the President should continue to des-ignate all individuals found to have com-mitted violations described in section 104(a) of the North Korea Sanctions and Policy En-hancement Act of 2016 (22 U.S.C. 2914(a)), re-garding complicity in censorship and human right abuses; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24AP6.024 S24APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2395 April 24, 2018 
(5) the United States currently blocks United States passports from being used to travel to North Korea without a special vali-dation from the Department of State, and the Department of State should continue to take steps to increase public awareness about the risks and dangers of travel by United States citizens to North Korea; (6) the United States should continue to seek cooperation from all foreign govern-ments to allow the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) access to process North Korean refugees overseas for resettlement and to allow United States officials access to process refugees for reset-tlement in the United States (if that is the destination country of the refugees’ choos-ing); and (7) the Secretary of State, through diplo-macy by senior officials, including United States ambassadors to Asia-Pacific coun-tries, and in close cooperation with South Korea, should make every effort to promote the protection of North Korean refugees and defectors. 
SEC. 4. RADIO BROADCASTING TO NORTH KOREA. 
Section 103(a) of the North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004 (22 U.S.C. 7813(a)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘that the United States should facilitate’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘that the United States should— ‘‘(1) facilitate’’; (2) in paragraph (1), as redesignated by paragraph (1) of this section— (A) by striking ‘‘radio broadcasting’’ and inserting ‘‘broadcasting, including news re-broadcasting,’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘increase broadcasts’’ and inserting ‘‘increase such broadcasts, includ-ing news rebroadcasts,’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘Voice of America.’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘Voice of America; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) expand funding for nongovernmental organization broadcasting efforts, prioritizing organizations that engage North Korean defectors in programming and broad-cast services.’’. 
SEC. 5. ACTIONS TO PROMOTE FREEDOM OF IN-FORMATION. 
Section 104(a) of the North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004 (22 U.S.C. 7814(a)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The President’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The President’’; (2) by inserting ‘‘, USB drives, micro SD cards, audio players, video players, cell phones, wi-fi, wireless internet, web pages, internet, wireless telecommunications, and other electronic media that shares informa-tion’’ before the period at the end; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) D
ISTRIBUTION .—In accordance with the sense of Congress described in section 103, the President, acting through the Secretary of State, is authorized to distribute or pro-vide grants to distribute information receiv-ing devices, electronically readable devices, and other informational sources into North Korea, including devices and informational sources specified in paragraph (1). To carry out this paragraph, the President is author-ized to issue regulations to facilitate the free-flow of information into North Korea. ‘‘(3) R
ESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT GRANT  
PROGRAM .—In accordance with the authoriza-tion described in paragraphs (1) and (2) to in-crease the availability and distribution of sources of information inside North Korea, the President, acting through the Secretary of State, is authorized to establish a grant program to make grants to eligible entities to develop or distribute (or both) new prod-ucts or methods to allow North Koreans easi-er access to outside information. Such pro-gram may involve public-private partner-ships. ‘‘(4) CULTURE .—In accordance with the sense of Congress described in section 103, the Broadcasting Board of Governors may broadcast American, Korean, Chinese, and other popular music, television, movies, and popular cultural references as part of its pro-gramming. ‘‘(5) R
IGHTS AND LAWS .—In accordance with the sense of Congress described in section 103, the Broadcasting Board of Governors should broadcast to North Korea in the Ko-rean language information on rights, laws, and freedoms afforded through the North Ko-rean Constitution, the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the United Nations Com-mission of Inquiry on Human Rights in the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, and any other applicable treaties or inter-national agreements to which North Korea is bound. ‘‘(6) R
ELIGIOUS MINORITIES .—Efforts to im-prove information access under this sub-section should include religious communities and should be coordinated with the Office of International Religious Freedom to ensure maximum impact in improving the rights of religious persons in North Korea. ‘‘(7) B
ROADCASTING REPORT .—Not later than— ‘‘(A) 180 days after the date of the enact-ment of this paragraph, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Broadcasting Board of Governors, shall submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees a report that sets forth a detailed plan for improving broadcasting content for the purpose of tar-geting new audiences and increasing listenership; and ‘‘(B) 1 year after the date of the enactment of this paragraph, and annually thereafter for each of the next 5 years, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Broadcasting Board of Governors, shall submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees a report including— ‘‘(i) a description of the effectiveness of ac-tions taken pursuant to this section, includ-ing data reflecting audience and listenership, device distribution and usage, and techno-logical development and advancement usage; ‘‘(ii) the amount of funds expended by the United States Government pursuant to sec-tion 403; and ‘‘(iii) other appropriate information nec-essary to fully inform Congress of efforts re-lated to this section.’’. 
SEC. 6. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON HUMANITARIAN COORDINATION RELATED TO THE KOREAN PENINSULA. 
Title III of the North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004 (22 U.S.C. 7841 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 306. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON HUMANI-TARIAN COORDINATION RELATED TO THE KOREAN PENINSULA. 
‘‘It is the sense of Congress that— ‘‘(1) any instability on the Korean Penin-sula could have significant humanitarian and strategic impact on the region and for United States national interests; and ‘‘(2) as such, the United States Govern-ment should work with countries sharing a land or maritime border with North Korea to develop long-term whole-of-government plans to coordinate efforts related to human-itarian assistance and human rights pro-motion and to effectively assimilate North Korean defectors.’’. 
SEC. 7. REAUTHORIZATION PROVISIONS. 
(a) S UPPORT FOR HUMAN RIGHTS AND DE-
MOCRACY PROGRAMS .—Section 102 of the North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004 (22 U.S.C. 7812(b)(1)) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The President is also author-ized to provide grants to entities to under-take research on North Korea’s denial of human rights, including on the political and military chains of command responsible for authorizing and implementing systemic human rights abuses, including at prison camps and detention facilities where polit-ical prisoners are held.’’; and (2) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2022’’. (b) ACTIONS TOPROMOTE FREEDOM OF IN-
FORMATION .—Section 104 of the North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004 (22 U.S.C. 7814) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘$2,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$3,000,000’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2022’’; and (2) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2022’’. (c) R
EPORT BY SPECIAL ENVOY ON NORTH  K
OREAN HUMAN RIGHTS ISSUES .—Section 107(d) of the North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004 (22 U.S.C. 7817(d)) is amended by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2022’’. (d) R
EPORT ON UNITED STATES HUMANI -
TARIAN ASSISTANCE .—Section 201 of the North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004 (22 U.S.C. 7831 is amended— (1) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2022’’; (2) by redesignating subsection (b) as sub-section (c); and (3) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(b) N
EEDS ASSESSMENT .—The report shall include a needs assessment to inform the dis-tribution of humanitarian assistance inside North Korea.’’. (e) A
SSISTANCE PROVIDED OUTSIDE OF  N
ORTH KOREA .—Section 203(c)(1) of the North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004 (22 U.S.C. 7833(c)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘2013 through 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2018 through 2022’’. (f) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—Section 305(a) of the North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004 (22 U.S.C. 7845(a)) is amended, in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2022’’. 
SEC. 8. REPORT BY BROADCASTING BOARD OF GOVERNORS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Broadcasting Board of Governors shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that— (1) describes the status of current United States broadcasting to North Korea and the extent to which the Board has achieved the goal of 12-hour-per-day broadcasting to North Korea, in accordance with section 103(a) of the North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004 (22 U.S.C. 7813(a)); and (2) includes a strategy to overcome obsta-cles to such communication with the North Korean people, including through unre-stricted, unmonitored, and inexpensive elec-tronic means. (b) F
ORM.—The report required under sub-section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified annex. (c) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (2) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; (3) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and (4) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 9. REPEAL OF DUPLICATIVE AUTHORIZA-TIONS. 
Section 403 of the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhancement Act of 2016 (Public 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24AP6.027 S24APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2396 April 24, 2018 
Law 114–122; 22 U.S.C. 9253) is hereby re-pealed. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I have 9 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE  
The Committee on Agriculture is au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, April 24, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘The State of Rural America.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
The Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, April 24, 2018, at 9:30 a.m. to conduct a hearing. 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
The Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, April 24, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
The Committee on Finance is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, April 24, 2018, at 2:30 p.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Early Impressions of the New Tax Law.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
The Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, April 24, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing on S. 2680, S. 2315, S. 2597, S. 382 and the following nominations: Sharon Fast Gustafson, of Virginia, to be General Counsel of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission for a term of four years, Jon Parrish Peede, of Mississippi, to be Chairperson of the National Endow-ment for the Humanities for a term of four years, and other pending nomina-tions. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs is au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, April 24, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Mitigating America’s Cybersecurity Risk.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, April 24, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing en-titled ‘‘Abducted Abroad: Exploring the Plight of International Parental Child Abduction and Its Effect on American Families.’’ 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Select Committee on Intel-ligence is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, April 24, 2018, at 2:30 p.m. to conduct a closed hearing. SUBCOMMITTEE ON SURFACE TRANSPORTATION  
AND MERCHANT MARINE INFRASTRUCURE , 
SAFETY AND SECURITY  
The Subcommittee on Surface Trans-portation and Merchant Marine Infra-structure, Safety and Security of the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, April 24, 2018, at 2:30 p.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Maritime Transportation: Opportunities and Challenges.’’ 
f 
AUTHORIZING APPOINTMENT OF ESCORT COMMITTEE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Presi-dent of the Senate be authorized to ap-point a committee on the part of the Senate to join with a like committee on the part of the House of Representa-tives to escort His Excellency Emman-uel Macron, President of the French Republic, into the House Chamber for the joint meeting on Wednesday, April 25, 2018. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NORTH KOREAN HUMAN RIGHTS REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be dis-charged from further consideration of H.R. 2061 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 2061) to reauthorize the North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Rubio amendment at the desk be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 2240) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to. (The amendment is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) The amendment was ordered to be engrossed and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read the third time. The bill (H.R. 2061), as amended, was passed. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE VILLANOVA UNIVERSITY WILD-CATS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 482, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: A resolution (S. Res. 482) congratulating the Villanova University Wildcats for win-ning the 2018 National Collegiate Athletic Association Division I Men’s Basketball Tournament. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I further ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the pre-amble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 482) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, APRIL 25, 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 12 noon, Wednesday, April 25; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed. Finally, I ask that fol-lowing leader remarks, the Senate pro-ceed to executive session and resume consideration of the Pompeo nomina-tion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:14 p.m., adjourned until Wednes-day, April 25, 2018, at 12 noon. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION  
DAN MICHAEL BERKOVITZ, OF MARYLAND, TO BE A COMMISSIONER OF THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION FOR A TERM EXPIRING APRIL 13, 2023, VICE SHARON Y. BOWEN, RESIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE  
JAMES E. HUBBARD, OF COLORADO, TO BE UNDER SEC-RETARY OF AGRICULTURE FOR NATURAL RESOURCES AND ENVIRONMENT, VICE ROBERT BONNIE, RESIGNED. 
FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM  
MICHELLE BOWMAN, OF KANSAS, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF GOVERNORS OF THE FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM FOR THE UNEXPIRED TERM OF FOURTEEN 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A24AP6.027 S24APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2397 April 24, 2018 
YEARS FROM FEBRUARY 1, 2006, VICE STANLEY FISCHER, RESIGNED. RICHARD CLARIDA, OF CONNECTICUT, TO BE VICE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF GOVERNORS OF THE FED-ERAL RESERVE SYSTEM FOR A TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE STANLEY FISCHER, RESIGNED. RICHARD CLARIDA, OF CONNECTICUT, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF GOVERNORS OF THE FEDERAL RE-SERVE SYSTEM FOR THE UNEXPIRED TERM OF FOUR-TEEN YEARS FROM FEBRUARY 1, 2008, VICE DANIEL K. TARULLO, RESIGNED. 
UNITED STATES TAX COURT  
MARK VAN DYKE HOLMES, OF NEW YORK, TO BE A JUDGE OF THE UNITED STATES TAX COURT FOR A TERM OF FIFTEEN YEARS. (REAPPOINTMENT) 
EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT  
JAMES W. CARROLL, JR., OF VIRGINIA, TO BE DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL DRUG CONTROL POLICY, VICE MICHAEL P. BOTTICELLI, RESIGNED. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. BRADFORD J. SHWEDO 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. ANTONIO A. AGUTO, JR. BRIG. GEN. MARIA B. BARRETT BRIG. GEN. XAVIER T. BRUNSON BRIG. GEN. CHARLES H. CLEVELAND BRIG. GEN. DOUGLAS C. CRISSMAN BRIG. GEN. BRADLEY K. DREYER BRIG. GEN. JEFFREY W. DRUSHAL BRIG. GEN. RAUL E. ESCRIBANO BRIG. GEN. JOHN R. EVANS, JR. BRIG. GEN. ANTONIO M. FLETCHER BRIG. GEN. SEAN A. GAINEY BRIG. GEN. STEVEN W. GILLAND BRIG. GEN. MARK W. GILLETTE BRIG. GEN. KARL H. GINGRICH BRIG. GEN. CHARLES R. HAMILTON BRIG. GEN. DAVID C. HILL BRIG. GEN. DAVID T. ISAACSON BRIG. GEN. KENNETH L. KAMPER BRIG. GEN. DONNA W. MARTIN BRIG. GEN. JOSEPH P. MCGEE BRIG. GEN. PAUL H. PARDEW BRIG. GEN. PATRICK B. ROBERSON BRIG. GEN. ANDREW M. ROHLING BRIG. GEN. MICHEL M. RUSSELL, SR. BRIG. GEN. RICHARD M. TOY BRIG. GEN. JOEL K. TYLER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL SERVICE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SEC-TIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. WENDY L. HARTER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY DENTAL CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: To be brigadier general 
COL. SHAN K. BAGBY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. MICHAEL L. PLACE 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE NAVY RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. ROBERT T. CLARK 
IN THE COAST GUARD  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT AS DEPUTY COMMANDANT FOR MISSION SUPPORT, A PO-SITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY IN THE UNITED STATES COAST GUARD AND TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 14, U.S.C., SECTION 50: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. MICHAEL F. MCALLISTER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT AS DEPUTY COMMANDANT FOR OPERATIONS, A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY IN THE UNITED STATES COAST GUARD AND TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 14, U.S.C., SECTION 50: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. DANIEL B. ABEL THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY IN THE UNITED STATES COAST GUARD AND TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 14, U.S.C., SECTION 50: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. SCOTT A. BUSCHMAN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY IN THE UNITED STATES COAST GUARD AND TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 14, U.S.C., SECTION 50: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. LINDA L. FAGAN 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be major 
MCKISA P. FRYER 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR REGULAR AP-POINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be major 
MARK A. CRIMALDI PHILLIP D. RATHBUN DONALD G. SNAVELY JAMES A. WATSON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR REGULAR AP-POINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: To be major 
DERRICK J. CHACON TODD M. LEEDS 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
SAMANTHA J. SAVAGE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant commander 
NEIL PARTAIN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant commander 
GABRIEL F. SANTIAGO 
IN THE COAST GUARD  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES COAST GUARD AS A MEMBER OF THE COAST GUARD PERMA-NENT COMMISSIONED TEACHING STAFF UNDER TITLE 14, U.S.C., SECTION 188: 
To be lieutenant commander 
KYLE S. YOUNG THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES COAST GUARD AS A MEMBER OF THE COAST GUARD PERMA-NENT COMMISSIONED TEACHING STAFF UNDER TITLE 14, U.S.C., SECTION 188: 
To be lieutenant 
MICHAEL S. DAEFFLER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES COAST GUARD RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203(A): 
To be captain 
REBECCA A. DREW SARAH J. REED 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate April 24, 2018: 
THE JUDICIARY  
STUART KYLE DUNCAN, OF LOUISIANA, TO BE UNITED STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE FOR THE FIFTH CIRCUIT. 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be general 
LT. GEN. PAUL M. NAKASONE 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A24AP6.006 S24APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE515 April 24, 2018 
CELEBRATING THE 70TH ANNIVER-SARY OF ISRAEL’S INDEPEND-ENCE 
HON. CHARLES W. DENT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Mr. DENT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in cele-bration of the 70th Independence Day of the State of Israel. On May 14, 1948, the State of Israel declared its independence from Britain after the expiration of the British Mandate. This declaration created the state of Israel as we recognize it today. The land of Israel has been home to the Jewish people throughout history. Jewish her-itage in the area can be traced back to the Iron Age when the Kingdom of Israel occupied the region. It is in this territory between the Mediterranean and Dead Seas Judaism was founded. Jews ruled Israel during some histor-ical periods and were conquered during oth-ers. After many years of uncertainty, the Jew-ish people were recognized as the rightful oc-cupants of Israel in 1948. Israel began to establish itself immediately during its early history as a country; it was ad-mitted to the United Nations on May 11, 1949, a little under a year since its inception. Per-secuted Jews from around the world, including Holocaust survivors, immigrated to Israel and adopted it as home. Such mass migration gave Israel a population of nearly two million by 1958. A highlight during Israel’s early pe-riod was the prosecution of Nazi war criminals, mainly the trial of Adolf Eichmann in 1961. The capture of Eichmann from Argentina and his subsequent trial in Israel led to an in-creased public awareness of Holocaust atroc-ities. In the 1970’s, Israel was forced to fight off many military threats from neighboring na-tions. These attacks prompted support from Israel’s European and Western allies, strengthening the young nation’s global rela-tionships. Israel has been able to partner with two of its former adversaries, Egypt and Jor-dan, after these threats subsided. While hos-tility towards Israel still exists, significant progress towards peaceful relationships has been made in recent years. The economy in Israel has become very highly developed since the late 20th century. The nation enjoys the highest standard of liv-ing in the Middle East and the 35th best GDP per capita in the world. This is the result of a diverse and robust economy. Israel is a global innovator of technology and has recently drawn comparisons to Silicon Valley as a re-sult of its success. Israel is also one of the top producers of cut diamonds throughout the world, which accounts for nearly 12 percent of global production. Mr. Speaker, I ask the House to please join me in praising Israel’s 70th anniversary as an independent nation. The United States and Israel have long maintained a friendly relation-ship based on shared values and mutual inter-ests. May our bond continue to strengthen into the future, and may Israel continue to prosper in the Middle East for many years to come. f 
RETIREMENT OF DONNA PROSKE 
HON. DANIEL M. DONOVAN, JR. 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank Donna Proske for her remarkable career in the healthcare industry. After graduating from Wagner College with her Bachelor of Science in Nursing degree, Donna Proske was hired as a nurse at Staten Island University Hospital, where she would spend her entire career. During her 30-plus years of service, she went from bedsides to the boardroom. Donna went from waiting on patients as a nurse to Chief Nurse Executive, COO, EVP, and finally Executive Director in 2013. Her commitment to service led to her recently receiving the Above and Beyond Award by New York’s City & State publication. Donna has also served when she was needed most. During Hurricane Irene, she was SIUH’s Incident Commander and led the evac-uation of the hospital. Moreover, during Superstorm Sandy, she and a barebones staff were able to keep the Emergency Department open even as the water threatened to flood the hospital. Thanks to her efforts, they were able to accept those injured from the hurri-cane, along with those who needed shelter. Just a few of Donna’s many accomplish-ments include her role in creating The Jerome L. Finkelstein, MD, Regional Burn Center, Staten Island University Hospital’s cardiac sur-gery program, the Elizabeth A. Connelly Emer-gency and Trauma Center, and the Regina M. McGinn, MD, Education Center. For one per-son to have had such an instrumental part in establishing these vital projects is nothing short of astounding. However, her stellar record does not stop there. She has also re-ceived the North Shore-LIJ Health System Nursing Leadership Award, Women in Healthcare Award, and the Visiting Nursing Association’s Smith Stanley Award. With such a well-decorated career, it is evident that Donna has truly given it her all at SIUH. Mr. Speaker, I want to congratulate Donna Proske on her prodigious career. She is the embodiment of a dedicated and selfless indi-vidual. I thank her for everything she has done for the Staten Island community, and I wish her the happiest of retirements. TRIBUTE TO THE YMCA OF THE FOOTHILLS HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the YMCA of the Foothills in La Can ˜ada Flintridge, California upon its 60th anniversary. In 1952, a small group of community lead-ers and parents were concerned about the lack of positive activities for youth in the foot-hills, and reached out to the Glendale YMCA for assistance in offering programs and events. Six years later, in a home in La Can˜ada, the Crescenta-Can˜ada Family YMCA opened; later renamed YMCA of the Foothills. In 1962, led by civic leaders Jack and Bob Samuelson and Scott McDonald, the commu-nity built what is now the Crescenta-Can ˜ada YMCA facility in La Can˜ada. Having grown from an organization based around camping, the YMCA of the Foothills has expanded its operation to include a variety of programs and community activities with hundreds of partici-pants and volunteers. The YMCA of the Foothills’ mission is to strengthen communities through social respon-sibility, healthy living and youth development, and to enrich the quality of life physically, mentally, spiritually and socially for all per-sons. For sixty years, they have done just that, by providing children and families with programs ranging from youth leadership, such as the Model United Nations program that teaches youth about global cooperation, healthy living and spiritual awareness to activi-ties for senior citizens. Since the YMCA’s in-ception, almost 4,000 children have been taught about health and fitness, nearly 5,000 girls and boys have learned to swim, and over 10,000 hours of emotional support have been given to help youth with issues such as child-hood obesity and suicide prevention. A lifeline to the community, the YMCA of the Foothills provides resources needed to ad-dress critical social issues such as housing, substance abuse, child welfare, education and employment. By uniting people from all walks of life, the YMCA seeks to motivate a spirit of service to be active in and work for positive social change in these and other areas of life. Today, YMCA of the Foothills has three lo-cations and serves more than 40,000 children, teens, families, and seniors in the Sunland, Tujunga, Sun Valley and northern Glendale areas, in addition to La Can˜ada Flintridge and La Crescenta. Under the leadership of Presi-dent Tyler Wright, programs like the 2018 Arts Initiative that support children in their creativity and the Balance and Thrive Initiative to teach senior balance fitness have been launched. Additionally, with events such as the bike-a- thon, fiesta days and pancake breakfasts, the YMCA of the Foothills has become a center for community engagement. I am proud to recognize the YMCA of the Foothills for sixty years of dedicated service to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K24AP8.001 E24APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE516 April 24, 2018 
the La Can˜ada Flintridge and La Crescenta communities. I ask all Members to join me in congratulating the YMCA of the Foothills for their remarkable achievements. 
f 
HONORING ISRAEL INDEPENDENCE DAY 
HON. LEONARD LANCE 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD the following Proclamation in honor of Israel Independence Day: Whereas, the State of Israel has flourished to become the preeminent democracy in the Middle East and today celebrates 70 years of independence; and Whereas, Israel has been a dedicated part-ner to the United States, working with our Na-tion and other allies to build peace collabo-ratively and work toward common interests and goals including the safety, security and freedom of all people around the world; and Whereas, Our Nation must continue to pro-tect, strengthen and promote our close friend and ally Israel as we strive to achieve greater stability in the Middle East and around the world; and Whereas, At 70, despite tremendous chal-lenges, Israel demonstrates continually that principle and motivation are transforming forces allowing Israel to thrive; Now, therefore, be it Resolved, that the Honorable L
EONARD  L
ANCE , the Honorable P ETER ROSKAM , the Honorable D
OUG LAMBORN and the Honorable L
EEZELDIN , Members of the House of Rep-resentatives and co-chairmen of the House Republican Israel Caucus, join Israel in cele-bration of its Independence Day. 
f 
HONORING THE 2018 RECIPIENTS OF THE OWENS COMMUNITY COLLEGE ALUMNI ASSOCIATION OUTSTANDING SERVICE AWARDS 
HON. JIM JORDAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Mr. JORDAN. Mr. Speaker, the Owens Community College Alumni Association takes great pride in its annual Outstanding Service Awards celebration, now in its fifteenth year. The awards honor the selfless contributions of area police, fire, and emergency medical serv-ice professionals to our communities. I wanted to share the inspiring stories of six of my con-stituents who will be recognized at this year’s ceremony. For their heroism in confronting an assailant who had committed two assaults and was threatening to commit murder, Sergeant Bryan Bryant, Officer Gary McClure, and Officer Brent Riley of the Tiffin Police Department, along with Deputy Sheriff Luke Cantu and Deputy Sheriff Jeff Smith of the Seneca Coun-ty Sheriff’s Office, will be presented with the Outstanding Police Award. Under fire, these officers returned fire and neutralized the as-sailant, who later died at the hospital. Their actions prevented further injuries to members of the public. Deputy Cantu, who was shot in the shoulder, recovered from his injury. Firefighter/Paramedic Kyle Blausey of the Fostoria Fire Division will be presented with the Outstanding Service to Community Award. Throughout his 17-year career with the depart-ment, he has become known for his pro-ficiency in handling high-pressure situations. He put this ability to good use in coming to the aid of a pregnant woman who was uncon-scious and had no pulse. While she did not survive, her baby was saved thanks to Fire-fighter Blausey’s work to stabilize her, trans-port her to the emergency room, and assist the emergency room doctors. Mr. Speaker, this year’s Outstanding Serv-ice Awards celebration will be held on Friday, April 27. I appreciate the opportunity to join the Owens Community College Alumni Asso-ciation in recognizing the ongoing commitment and sacrifices of these and all of our first re-sponders. f 
RECOGNIZING KERN CARPENTER ON INTRODUCTION TO DADE COUNTY FARM BUREAU HALL OF HONOR 
HON. ILEANA ROS-LEHTINEN 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to congratulate Director Kern Carpenter of the Miami-Dade County Farm Bureau, on his introduction into the Farm Bureau Hall of Honor. A third generation farmer with a rich history in tomato production; Mr. Carpenter and his family have dedicated their lives to preserving the beauty and prestige of Florida’s agri-culture. At a young age, Kern lost his father to can-cer and not long after; the farm he loved. However, Kern never lost sight of his family’s heritage and worked hard to one day run his very own farm. In 1983, Kern successfully renewed his fam-ily’s farming legacy and opened Kern Car-penter Farms. Today, that passion and drive Kern pos-sessed at such a young age, continues to im-pact so many farmers and serves as an inspi-ration throughout our South Florida commu-nity. Mr. Speaker, it is individuals like Kern that encompass the American spirit we all hold so dear. I wish him the very best in his future en-deavors, and congratulate him on this much deserved honor. Congratulations my friend. (Felicidales amigo). 
f 
IN HONOR OF SERGEANT THOMAS H. COREY 
HON. LOIS FRANKEL 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to recognize Sergeant Thomas H. Corey, Vietnam veteran and tireless advocate for his fellow servicemen and women. Mr. Corey was leading his squad in what came to be known as the Tet Offensive in early 1968 when he was paralyzed from the neck down by an enemy bullet. After his re-covery he moved to South Florida where his activism work began. He joined the Vietnam Veterans of America (VVA) in 1980, and the following year became the founding president of VVA Palm Beach County Chapter 25, now known as the Thomas H. Corey Chapter. Mr. Corey was the first recipient of VVA’s Com-mendation Medal, the organization’s highest award for service to veterans, their families, and the community. He has held a multitude of leadership positions within VVA, culminating with his election as National President in 2001. In addition to his work with VVA, he is a member of the National Association of Uni-formed Services, Disabled American Veterans, the American Legion, Veterans of Foreign Wars, the 1st Cavalry Association, and the Military Order of the Purple Heart Association. Since 1994, Mr. Corey has made 16 trips to Vietnam to bridge the gap between former foes. While there he has discussed issues of mutual importance, such as the treatment of prisoners of war and the effects of Agent Or-ange. In recognition of his efforts, he was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize. I have been privileged to know Mr. Corey for many years and have seen first-hand his incredible work throughout our area. It has made him a truly beloved member of the South Florida community. f 
HONORING CUBA LITTLE LEAGUE BASKETBALL CHAMPIONSHIP VOLUNTEERS 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the volunteers who organized this month’s Little League Basketball Championship in Cuba, New Mexico. I am proud that I had the oppor-tunity to attend this event and speak with many of the athletes, coaches, and parents. We have a fundamental obligation to ensure that our children grow up in safe, healthy envi-ronments that will set them up for long-term wellness. Organized community sports leagues are integral to this goal and foster healthy lifestyles, exercise, and a strong sense of community. These leagues not only provide children with a fun way to stay healthy, but also promote important character traits like teamwork, sportsmanship, determination, and work ethic that will help them throughout their lives. I am honored to specifically mention several volunteers who helped organize this wonderful event, including Directors Jared and Anita Maestas, Caroline Lovato, Kirby Borders, Joy Borders, Julian Sanchez, Marissa Aragon, Janell Toledo, Isaac Montoya, Jessica Ro-mero, Kee Boshara, and Loretta Hidalgo. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the state of New Mexico, I want to thank the hard-working vol-unteers who helped organize the Little League Basketball Championship for Cuba’s children and community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24AP8.003 E24APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE517 April 24, 2018 
HONORING THE 2018 OHIO MILI-TARY HALL OF FAME INDUCT-EES 
HON. JIM JORDAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Mr. JORDAN. Mr. Speaker, the Ohio Military Hall of Fame will hold a ceremony at the Statehouse in Columbus on May 4 to mark the induction of its 2018 class. Selection for the Hall of Fame is a high honor that has been accorded to only a few hundred Ohioans since 2000. To be considered for induction, individ-uals must have been decorated for heroic ac-tions in a combat situation. I am honored to commend to the House this year’s 30 induct-ees: Senior Chief Sonarman Edward C. Byers, Jr., currently living in Little Creek, Virginia, re-cipient of the Congressional Medal of Honor, Navy veteran of the War in Afghanistan. Lance Corporal Joe C. Paul (posthumously), recipient of the Congressional Medal of Honor, Marine Corps veteran of the Vietnam War. Sergeant Ronald K. Westfall of Bloomingdale, recipient of the Distinguished Service Cross, Army veteran of the Vietnam War. Corporal Donald A. Campbell (post-humously), recipient of the Silver Star, Marine Corps veteran of the Vietnam War. Sergeant Nicholas W. Denman of Wooster, recipient of the Silver Star, Army veteran of the Vietnam War. Major Larry N. Fealy (posthumously), recipi-ent of the Silver Star, Air Force veteran of the Vietnam War. Sergeant Wilford E. Frash of McConnelsville, recipient of the Silver Star, Marine Corps veteran of the Vietnam War. Sergeant Thomas L. Henning (post-humously), recipient of the Silver Star, Marine Corps veteran of the Vietnam War. Hospital Corpsman Second Class Robert F. Holtz of North Royalton, recipient of the Silver Star, Navy veteran of the Vietnam War. Staff Sergeant James L. Messerschmitt of Cincinnati, recipient of the Silver Star, Army veteran of the Vietnam War. Captain Edgar C. Fell, currently living in At-lanta, Georgia, recipient of the Distinguished Flying Cross, Army veteran of the Vietnam War. Chief Warrant Officer Second Class John E. Grafmiller of Upper Sandusky, recipient of the Distinguished Flying Cross, Army veteran of the Vietnam War. Captain John C. McFarren of Cincinnati, re-cipient of the Distinguished Flying Cross, Air Force veteran of the Vietnam War. Chief Warrant Officer Second Class David A. Walls of Westerville, recipient of the Distin-guished Flying Cross, Army veteran of the Vietnam War. Sergeant John C. Babyak of Poland, recipi-ent of the Bronze Star with ‘‘V’’ Device, Marine Corps veteran of the Korean War. Sergeant First Class Danny W. Bell of Cin-cinnati, recipient of the Bronze Star with ‘‘V’’ Device, Army veteran of the Persian Gulf War. Sergeant Jack W. Born of Parma, recipient of the Bronze Star with ‘‘V’’ Device, Army vet-eran of the Vietnam War. Captain Thomas P. Casey of Beavercreek, recipient of the Bronze Star with ‘‘V’’ Device, Army veteran of the Vietnam War. Private First Class Clayton H. Compher (posthumously), recipient of the Bronze Star with ‘‘V’’ Device, Army veteran of World War II. Signalman First Class Conard J. Conway of Mount Vernon, recipient of the Bronze Star with ‘‘V’’ Device, Navy veteran of World War II. Private First Class Paul L. Feathers of Fre-mont, recipient of the Bronze Star with ‘‘V’’ Device, Army veteran of the Vietnam War. Sergeant Donald I. Jakeway of Johnstown, recipient of the Bronze Star with ‘‘V’’ Device, Army veteran of World War II. Sergeant John P. Luft of Gahanna, recipient of the Bronze Star with ‘‘V’’ Device, Army vet-eran of the Vietnam War. Sergeant John F. McAllister of Delaware, re-cipient of the Bronze Star with ‘‘V’’ Device, Army veteran of the Vietnam War. Sergeant First Class Donald D. Schweitzer of Wapakoneta, recipient of the Bronze Star with ‘‘V’’ Device, Army veteran of the Vietnam War. Specialist Roy R. Sprague of Kent, recipient of the Bronze Star with ‘‘V’’ Device, Army vet-eran of the Vietnam War. Sergeant Robert E. Watson of Batavia, re-cipient of the Bronze Star with ‘‘V’’ Device, Marine Corps veteran of the Vietnam War. First Lieutenant Walter A. Bettcher of Bay Village, recipient of the Army Commendation Medal with ‘‘V’’ Device, Army veteran of the Vietnam War. Sergeant Jack E. Kasee of Batavia, recipi-ent of the Army Commendation Medal with ‘‘V’’ Device, Army veteran of the Vietnam War. Captain Kevin B. Lombardo, currently living in Papillon, Nebraska, recipient of the Air Force Commendation Medal with ‘‘V’’ Device, Air Force veteran of the War in Iraq. 
f 
HONORING THE NURSES OF METH-ODIST LE BONHEUR HEALTHCARE 
HON. DIANE BLACK 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, there are 3 mil-lion registered nurses in the United States that comprise our nation’s largest health care pro-fession. Today I rise to honor National Nurses Week May 6–12, 2018, and my friends work-ing within Methodist Le Bonheur Healthcare. When I first became a nurse more than 40 years ago, I took an oath to ‘‘devote myself to the welfare of those committed to my care.’’ I still consider the words of that oath today in the decisions I make as a Member of Con-gress—particularly in matters of protecting the most vulnerable among us. In that same oath, we also pledge ourselves before God to practice our profession faith-fully. Nursing is not simply an occupation—it’s a calling, and those are powerful words that we carry with us day in and day out. Every day, registered nurses are working to chart a new course for a healthy nation and it is a privilege to honor them, and celebrate the ways in which they inspire, innovate, and influ-ence to provide safe and high quality patient care. Nurses are the backbone of our healthcare system and I am proud to recognize the out-standing men and women of Methodist Le Bonheur Healthcare. We should show our ap-preciation for our nation’s registered nurses not just during National Nurses Week, but at every opportunity throughout the year. f 
IN MEMORY OF REV. DR. MARK CHEW, JR. 
HON. MICHAEL C. BURGESS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of Mark Chew, a pastor and public servant, who passed away on April 6, 2018. Rev. Dr. Mark Chew, Jr. committed much of his life to serving Denton in a variety of roles. Though he was born in Mississippi, Rev-erend Chew grew deep North Texas roots. He attended Fred Moore High School in Denton and graduated from Booker T. Washington High School in Dallas before receiving an as-sociate’s degree from North Central Texas College, a bachelor’s degree from Southern Bible Institute, and a Doctorate of Divinity from the International Bible School in Houston. In 1967, Reverend Chew began his pas-torate at Pleasant Grove Baptist Church. Throughout his half-century of pastoral min-istry there, he oversaw the development of Outreach Ministry and Rays of Hope. Rev-erend Chew celebrated his 50-year pastoral anniversary in December 2017, a rare achievement. Spurred by his love for the community, Rev-erend Chew served the people of Denton far beyond his local church. In 1981, he became the first African American elected to the Den-ton City Council, serving three full terms in the 1980s and two additional consecutive terms in the 1990s. In addition to serving as President of the Denton County NAACP for 8 years, Reverend Chew was an active member of the Lions Club, the Denton Public Utility Board of Directors, and the Camp Copass Board of Di-rectors. He also was Chaplain at both Peoples Funeral Home and Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Denton. Reverend Chew has left a rich legacy of service to faith, family, and community. I ex-tend my condolences to his wife of 38 years, Dr. Rose Marie Chew, their family, the mem-bers of Pleasant Grove Baptist Church, and all who knew him. 
f 
HONORING THE 110TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE UNITED STATES ARMY RESERVE 
HON. BRAD R. WENSTRUP 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor the United States Army Reserve which celebrated its 110th anniversary on April 23rd. What began in 1908 as a tiny corps of med-ical professionals held in readiness for service is today the Army’s global operational reserve force—meeting high optempo demands, gen-erating forces to support the National Military 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K24AP8.006 E24APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE518 April 24, 2018 
Strategy and Army commitments worldwide, and providing mission-critical forces and capa-bilities in direct support of America’s active duty forces. Through two World Wars, the Cold War, Korea, Vietnam, the Persian Gulf War, the Global War on Terror and countless other cri-ses, operations and emergencies, the Army Reserve has never failed to answer the Na-tion’s call. Today our Nation faces new threats, from multiple sources, that challenge U.S. military dominance across every domain. And again, the Army Reserve is rising to the challenge, creating a Ready Force of units and individual Soldiers postured to move fast, engage quick-ly, and win decisively on the battlefields of today and tomorrow. The world is rapidly changing but one thing is constant: The Army Reserve will remain the dedicated federal reserve of the most decisive and lethal land force in the world—ready now, shaping tomorrow; forging the most capable, combat-ready and lethal Army Reserve in U.S. history. And so, I wish the Army Reserve an-other Happy Birthday, and many more years of success. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 100TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE BOYNE DIS-TRICT LIBRARY 
HON. JACK BERGMAN 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Speaker, it’s my honor to recognize the Boyne District Library upon the occasion of its 100th Anniversary. Through its trusted service, reliable staff, and commu-nity investment, the Boyne District Library has become an indispensable part of Northern Michigan. Opened in April 1918 with a grant from the Carnegie Corporation, the private book collec-tion of a Petoskey lawyer, and an incredibly determined staff, the library grew into the local institution it is today. Over the course of 100 years, the Boyne District Library forged its path to success while maintaining its commit-ment to the community it was built upon. Today, the library still stands at its original spot on the corner of Park and Main Street in Boyne City. To celebrate its 100th Anniversary, the li-brary has issued a challenge to patrons of all ages to read 100 books over the course of the year. Additionally, it hosted an event in Feb-ruary which included a presentation on the history of the Boyne District Library—from the original grant application in 1916 to the present. Later this summer, the anniversary will continue to be celebrated through events like an ice cream social and bookmobile visit. Day after day, the Boyne District Library con-tinues to set a positive example of what can be achieved when the people of a community work together for the common good. Mr. Speaker, it’s my honor to congratulate the Boyne District Library and its staff for 100 years of success, service, and community in-vestment. Michiganders can take great pride in knowing the First District is home to such dedicated citizens. On behalf of my constitu-ents, I wish the Boyne District Library all the best in its future endeavors. COMMUNITY ASSOCIATIONS PRO-VIDE VALUE TO RESIDENTS AND LOCAL GOVERNMENTS HON. PETE SESSIONS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, community associations are an expanding phenomenon and the preferred form of new residential de-velopments approved by local governments across this country. These developments con-sist of planned communities in the form of condominiums, cooperatives, and single-family homes. Local governments appreciate these developments because they offer residents private amenities such as pools, sport courts, parks, walking trails, and other amenities that would otherwise be provided and maintained with public dollars. In fact, an estimated $88 billion is collected annually in dues from com-munity association residents to pay for essen-tial association obligations including the instal-lation and maintenance of amenities. The growth of planned communities is showcasing a residency choice selected by more and more Americans each year. As of 2017, approximately 70 million Americans re-side in nearly 350,000 community associations across the country. Residents enjoy this type of living for a number of reasons including a sense of community, access to aforemen-tioned private amenities, enforcement of aes-thetic standards set by the community, and regular maintenance of common areas. With democratically elected resident board mem-bers who volunteer to serve their community, this is arguably the most local form of govern-ment (quasi) that exists. Related to this, an estimated 2.36 million residents volunteer for service on their community’s board of directors or other committees performing 80 million hours of volunteer service valued at $1.93 bil-lion. Those are significant numbers. The financial benefit enjoyed by residents in planned communities is that home values are historically four to five percent higher than homes that are not in planned communities. That translates into the positive protection of property values in these communities and a higher return on investment when it comes time for owners to sell. Mr. Speaker, it is worth noting that approxi-mately half of these communities are self- managed either with just volunteers or profes-sional staff hired and managed directly by the association’s board of directors. The rest of these associations hire professional manage-ment companies to manage the operation of their communities and/or their finances and provide counsel to the board of directors. Personally, I’m proud of the fact that the largest community association management company, Associa, is headquartered in Dallas, Texas, in my Congressional District. Associa employs nearly 10,000 people across North America in 180 office locations operating in 35 states as well as Canada and Mexico. Associa manages roughly 10,000 communities, com-prising more than 2.5 million units, and hous-ing more than 5 million residents. Associa is a privately-owned company that was started by John Carona more than 40 years ago and he continues to lead the industry with constant in-novation and unparalleled customer service. John is not only a successful businessman, but he is a humble public servant having served 24 years in the Texas State Legisla-ture. I am proud to call him a supporter and friend of mine. Mr. Speaker, I offer these comments today because as community associations continue to grow they also continue to evolve as does the community association management in-dustry. I am pleased that management compa-nies like Associa are not satisfied with busi-ness-as-usual but rather choose to invest in world-class employee training and cutting edge technologies for their clients. By doing so, they help ensure well-run community asso-ciations and well-informed board members and residents. I extend my appreciation to Associa’s employees and to the volunteers in community associations around the country for their service to their clients and communities. 
f 
HONORING THE 70TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE STATE OF ISRAEL 
HON. BRAD R. WENSTRUP 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor our friend and ally, Israel, on its recent Independence Day. 70 years ago, after cen-turies of expulsions, pogroms, prejudice, and persecution, the Jewish people celebrated their return to Israel and the establishment of a land where they could live in peace and prosperity. We are all too aware that Israel has repeat-edly faced grave threats to this peace, and must regularly defend its very existence against those who would destroy her. Despite these threats, for the last seven decades, the Israeli people have stood strong in defense of freedom and democracy, and built a thriving nation. After this historic anniversary, let us in the United States Congress reaffirm our com-mitment to our ally. Since its independence, our nations have had a special relationship, deeply rooted in shared democratic principles and values. Our nations are both free and vibrant de-mocracies, and together, we can create a safer world. We live in dangerous times, with enemies who threaten Americans and Israelis alike. Our joint counterterrorism and military efforts are essential for the prosperity of both of our nations. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of this member of the House of Representatives, I would like to congratulate Israel on their 70th anniversary and reaffirm our commitment: Israel, we stand with you. 
f 
ALEXIS RUNNING BEAR 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Alexis Run-ning Bear for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Alexis Running Bear is a student at Jeffer-son High School and received this award be-cause her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K24AP8.009 E24APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE519 April 24, 2018 
The dedication demonstrated by Alexis Run-ning Bear is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Alexis Running Bear for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her fu-ture accomplishments. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE HONOR-ABLE BARBARA LEE FOR 20 YEARS OF SERVICE IN THE U.S. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
HON. ZOE LOFGREN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise with my colleagues, Congressman P
ETEAGUILAR , Con- gresswoman K
AREN BASS, Congresswoman N
ANETTE BARRAGA ´N, Congressman A MIBERA, Congresswoman J
ULIA BROWNLEY , Congress-man S
ALUD CARBAJAL , Congressman T ONY C
A´RDENAS , Congresswoman J UDY CHU, Con- gressman L
OUCORREA , Congressman J IM C
OSTA , Congresswoman S USAN DAVIS, Con- gressman M
ARK DESAULNIER , Congress-woman A
NNA ESHOO , Congressman J OHN G
ARAMENDI , Congressman J IMMY GOMEZ , Con- gressman J
ARED HUFFMAN , Congressman R O K
HANNA , Congressman T EDLIEU, Congress-man A
LAN LOWENTHAL , Congresswoman D
ORIS MATSUI , Congressman J ERRY MCNER-
NEY, Congresswoman G RACE NAPOLITANO , Congressman J
IMMY PANETTA , Congress-woman N
ANCY PELOSI , Congressman S COTT  P
ETERS , Congresswoman L UCILLE ROYBAL - A
LLARD , Congressman R AULRUIZ, Congress-woman L
INDA SA´NCHEZ , Congressman A DAM S
CHIFF , Congressman B RAD SHERMAN , Con- gresswoman J
ACKIE SPEIER , Congressman E
RICSWALWELL , Congressman M ARKTAKANO , Congressman M
IKE THOMPSON , Congress-woman N
ORMA TORRES , Congressman J UAN V
ARGAS , and Congresswoman M AXINE  W
ATERS , to commemorate my distinguished colleague, the Honorable B
ARBARA LEE, as she celebrates her 20th anniversary in the United States House of Representatives. Throughout her career representing the East Bay of California, Congresswoman B
ARBARA  L
EEhas fought to turn our nation’s promise of peace, equality and justice for all into a reality. Her legislative accomplishments are many and varied, but they are all rooted in the universal goal of uplifting the marginalized and under-represented. She has been relentless in her commitment to addressing and alleviating pov-erty, ending the HIV/AIDS pandemic, and ad-vancing a vision of U.S. foreign policy that ac-tively promotes global peace and security. As a young working mother who relied on public assistance while raising her sons, Con-gresswoman L
EEknows firsthand the chal-lenges faced by those living in poverty. She has rightly called out the moral atrocity that is America’s epidemic of poverty. Since 2013, she has served as Chair of the Democratic Whip’s Task Force on Poverty, Income In-equality, and Opportunity, which is finding so-lutions to end the scourge of poverty. Con-gresswoman LEEhas also made addressing institutionalized racism and racial wealth dis-parities a cornerstone of her approach. On the Appropriations Committee, she works tirelessly to protect and expand programs like unem-ployment insurance, housing assistance, child care, the Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC) and Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Pro-gram (SNAP). Congresswoman L
EEhas also been a con-sistent force for ending HIV/AIDS domestically and globally. She has authored or co-spon-sored every major piece of legislation dealing with the AIDS crisis since entering Congress, including bills to establish the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis, and Malaria and the President’s Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief (PEPFAR). Due to this groundbreaking legisla-tion, the United States is a world leader in re-sponding to the HIV/AIDS pandemic and end-ing this public health emergency for good. Congresswoman B
ARBARA LEEis also a leading voice for global peace and security. She is best known for her brave lone opposi-tion to the open-ended 2001 Authorization for the Use of Military Force that passed by Con-gress just three days after the September 11th attacks. Her foresight in predicting that this war authorization would be used as a blank check for perpetual war has proved prescient; today, this AUMF remains the legal basis for more than 40 military operations around the world. 16 years later, Congresswoman L
EEre- mains persistent in her efforts to repeal the AUMF, and last year achieved a historic vic-tory when her repeal bill was adopted by a bi-partisan and nearly unanimous vote of the Ap-propriations Committee. Congresswoman L
EEhas fought to strength-en ties with countries around the world—serv-ing three times as the U.S. Congressional Representative to the United Nations. Her decades of persistent advocacy for normal-izing relations with Cuba was integral to the re-opening of the U.S. embassy on the island. Through her position on the State and Foreign Operations Appropriations Subcommittee, Congresswoman L
EEhas been a vocal cham-pion of soft power initiatives, securing life-saving funding for foreign development, nutri-tion and health care programs. Her leadership positions in Congress include: Vice Chair of the Democratic Steering and Policy Committee (2017–present), Vice Chair and founding member of the LGBT Equality Caucus, Co- Founder and Co-Chair of the Congressional HIV/AIDS Caucus, and Co-Chair of the Sudan and South Sudan Caucus. She is the former chair (2008–2010) of the Congressional Black Caucus, a former co- chair of the Congressional Progressive Cau-cus, and a member of the Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus, where she serves as co-Chair of the Health Care Task Force. Congresswoman L
EEis a member of the Appropriations Committee and the Budget Committee, and previously served on the Banking, International Relations, Financial Services, and Foreign Affairs committees. Congresswoman B
ARBARA LEE’s extraor-dinary work makes her an invaluable member of Congress. Today we celebrate her passion, commitment, and dedication to public service these past 20 years, and express our admira-tion that she remains a renegade for peace and justice. We send her our highest regards and best wishes as she crosses this incredible milestone. REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF EDWIN ‘‘DAVID’’ COLWELL HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Edwin ‘‘David’’ Colwell, 87, who passed away on Sunday, April 15, 2018. David was born on March 14, 1931 in Vinton, Ohio to the late Everett and Grace Colwell, nee Kincaid. He was a proud OSU grad, and the first college grad in his family. He was in ROTC/Air Force and after gradua-tion served as a pilot flying over the Sea of Japan to bring food to our armed forces in Korea after the end of the Korean War. After his honorable discharge as a Captain, David returned to Ohio and married his first wife Janice Fike in Ashland, Ohio. They had 2 dear daughters, Cappi and Camilla. After 22 years of marriage, Janice passed in 1983. Professionally, David began his career with The Kroger Company, first in the bakery, then through the ranks until he headed up the ‘‘Cookies, Crackers and Snacks Division’’, which was very popular with the kids in the neighborhood. It was during this time, during the early ’70s that David began developing his real estate business, focusing on housing for Ohio State students. E. David’s Properties continues to house students annually. It has housed thousands over almost 40 years. David was a very popular landlord, receiving Valentine’s Day cards and invitations to his renters’ graduation parties. He loved the stu-dents and was so proud of their accomplish-ments! David enjoyed travelling the world with his wife Jolene, knowing no stranger, relishing dif-ferent cultures and traditions, and always ready to plan the next trip. They loved Europe, particularly Poland and the Czech Republic, and their 30 years of beach vacations in Mex-ico where they had so many loving friends. There was no more passionate an OSU sports fan than David. He held season tickets for football and basketball. He and his best bud, Harvey, were always sure that their coaching expertise could help the Bucks win! For 30 years, David has been married to Jolene Moritz Molitoris who is a friend of mine and long-time public servant and transpor-tation leader. Jolene was an official at the Ohio Department of Transportation when President Clinton appointed her as the Admin-istrator of the Federal Railroad Administration and later she served as Director of the Ohio Department of Transportation. There was no more passionate a family man than David. He was so proud of all the family accomplishments. He so loved his fam-ily. He will be missed beyond imagining by his wife Jolene; and his children, Cappi, Camilla, spouse, Harold, Jill, Jay, spouse, Catherine; grandchildren, Calina, Devin and Ellis; and his sister, Catherine; and his beloved dogs, Choo Choo and Teddy. I extend my sincerest condolences to his family and friends. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24AP8.011 E24APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE520 April 24, 2018 
FRAN BAKER 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Fran Baker for receiving the West Chamber’s Jefferson Coun-ty Hall of Fame Award. This award honors outstanding individuals who have had signifi-cant and long-lasting impacts on Jefferson County’s economy, community and legacy. Fran Baker is the Executive Director of En-richment for the Gold Crown Foundation where she oversees program development, community outreach and fundraising efforts. However, Fran’s first love is fashion. She started her career as a fashion buyer for May Company in Denver, after receiving a mar-keting degree from The Fashion Institute of Technology at NYU. She left the fashion in-dustry and dedicated several years to raising her children. While raising her children, she returned to school to receive her BA in Early Childhood Development and teaching certifi-cate from Metro State University. For nine years, she worked as a Title One Reading Teacher and Literacy Coach in Jef-ferson County. From there, she went on to lead a needs assessment for the planning, de-signing and implementation of the Enrichment programs for the Gold Crown Foundation’s Field House. Under Fran’s direction, Gold Crown Enrichment was awarded licensing for the international after school program, ‘‘The Clubhouse.’’ She worked to develop the rela-tionship with Jefferson County schools to es-tablish programming during the school day, which has served thousands of students from neighboring elementary and middle schools. After providing Enrichment programs for 14 years at the Field House, Gold Crown recently opened a second Clubhouse in Edgewater. Fran currently serves on the board for the Clubhouse Network, which includes 100 Club-house sites in 19 countries. Congratulations to Fran Baker for this well- deserved award, and I thank her for her con-tinued dedication to our community. 
f 
HONORING RISE AWARD RECIPIENT, KIM KARNOFSKI 
HON. JAIME HERRERA BEUTLER 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Kim Karnofski, a con-stituent of mine from Castle Rock, Wash-ington. Kim is receiving the prestigious Recog-nizing Inspirational School Employees Award for her outstanding service to the students of Washington state and I’m proud to recognize her achievement today. Since 1988, Kim has served as an invalu-able resource to students and families of Cas-tle Rock. She has dedicated her life to leading service projects in her community, working with credit recovery students to help them achieve post-graduation success and even im-plementing a Life Fitness P.E. program to teach healthy habits to students. Kim also de-voted her time as a member of the Public School Employees of Washington SEIU Local 1948, serving as an advocate for her col-leagues dedicated to serving our students. The RISE Award is presented by the Na-tional Coalition of Classified Education Sup-port Employee Unions, a coalition of state and national unions that represent one million school support employees. Five individuals from across the country are recognized for their extraordinary efforts to promote quality education, foster positive learning environ-ments and ensure student success. The award is given to those who have made ex-ceptional contributions to education, promoting student achievement, student safety, as well as helping to build a brighter future for our children. I was very proud to learn about Kim and the work she’s done to become one of those five individuals recognized for their exemplary service to students, and I am equally proud to have her as a member of Southwest Washing-ton’s community. I want to congratulate Kim on receiving this well-deserved award and thank her for her unwavering leadership and contributions to the students of Castle Rock. f 
IN HONOR OF TRICIA STILES SIMPSON 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize a remarkable woman who has made an extraordinary contribution to the Commonwealth of Virginia and the people of the northern Shenandoah Valley. With the retirement of Tricia Stiles Simpson from her position as Legislative Assistant to Virginia State Senator Jill Vogel, those attend-ing the 2018 session of the Virginia General Assembly experienced a clear loss of energy, enthusiasm, honesty and intelligence that con-stitute this extraordinary human being. A gifted speaker and writer, Tricia has al-ways displayed natural leadership skills and has been highly sought after for a variety of boards and commissions. Over the years, she has generously given of her time, energy and money to a wide variety of organizations, serv-ing as chairman or vice chairman of the fol-lowing: Frederick County School Board, to which she was elected and reelected; United Way of the Northern Shenandoah Valley; Frederick County Department of Social Serv-ices; Winchester Branch of the American As-sociation of University Women; Shenandoah Valley Private Industry Council; and Tri-County VA Opportunities IndustriaLization Center. As one who has consistently lived her life out of the conviction that each individual has inherent dignity and worth, Tricia Stiles Simp-son’s overriding passion has been to serve and advocate for the most vulnerable mem-bers of our society, especially disabled chil-dren. During her 35 years of service to individ-uals with disabilities, Tricia has been an award-winning Special Education Teacher in Clarke County; Director of Rehabilitation Serv-ices for Northwestern Workshop; National Project Director of the National Association of Rehabilitation Facilities; administrator at Graf-ton School; and Executive Director of the Win-chester-Frederick County Child Advocacy Center. In each of these positions, as well as during the 10 years she spent as Senator Vogel’s Legislative Assistant, Tricia generously gave of her time and energies to those struggling with almost every challenge imaginable, treat-ing each with honesty and compassion, so that they left her presence knowing that they had been heard and respected. Asked how she managed to deal so successfully with con-fused and troubled people, Simpson explained her simple three-part rule: ‘‘Say what you mean and do what you say; be consistent; and love them absolutely.’’ Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and our col-leagues join me in recognizing and thanking Tricia Stiles Simpson for her extraordinary ca-reer serving the people of the northern Shen-andoah Valley and the Commonwealth of Vir-ginia and wishing her and her husband, HB Simpson, many years of continued happiness in their retirement years. f 
TRIBUTE TO THE CENTENNIAL YEAR OF M
CDONOGH 35 SENIOR HIGH SCHOOL 
HON. CEDRIC L. RICHMOND 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the Centennial Year of McDonogh 35 Senior High School. McDonogh 35 Senior High School is the oldest public high school established for African-Americans in New Or-leans, Louisiana. The year 1917 was a crucial year in educational advancement for African- Americans in the city. After decades of being denied the opportunity to attend public schools beyond the eighth grade, African-American students would have a public high school that offered courses that prepared them to attend the colleges throughout the city of New Orle-ans. Despite the location of McDonogh 35, in a section of the city that once housed brothels, barrooms, and boarding houses, the school would become a beacon of hope and pride to New Orleans’ black community. For decades, the campus on South Rampart and Girod Streets was not equipped to serve with fidelity the needs of its students. Science labs were not modernized. There was no gymnasium to provide fitness for student-athletes. Moreover, many students took it upon themselves to pro-vide nutritious meals for their classmates by preparing food by growing gardens of fresh produce. It was, for those times, an unsustainable set of low conditions. Despite these circumstances, the students achieved accomplishments in the academic, artistic, and athletic fields of education—and also took on the challenges of addressing the social injustices of their day. Even with the de-struction to their fifty-year-old building by Hur-ricane Betsy in 1965, this situation did not dis-courage the McDonogh 35 community from achieving excellence. The students continued to excel as they called a federal courthouse and an older school building home—until the opening of the historic Kerlerec Street building in 1972. In 2005, when Hurricane Katrina struck the city, the returning students of McDonogh 35 rallied and fought to have their school opened, making passionate pleas to the Orleans Parish School Board for the res-toration of this historic institution. In 2015, a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K24AP8.012 E24APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE521 April 24, 2018 
state-of-the-art campus in the Columbia Parc area offers students opportunities to make strong strides in academics, arts, and ath-letics—and to add their unique contributions to the legacy of this celebrated institution. Throughout the course of its journey, the McDonogh 35 legacy has been strengthened by its continuance of educating students to their highest potential, daring them to open their minds to learning about the world outside of their neighborhoods, and earning pres-tigious honors and accolades for their ambi-tious efforts. Through these 100 years of trial, triumph, and transition, the presence of McDonogh 35 has graced the city landscape by educating the most prominent civic serv-ants, educators, business moguls, athletes, and proud citizens—past and present. Now that it has reached that glorious milestone of 100 years, the entire Roneagle Nation is ready to celebrate A Century of Soaring: the McDonogh 35 Centennial Celebration. New Orleans should be proud to claim McDonogh 35 Senior High School as an important land-mark for its impact made to our city’s history. Mr. Speaker, I applaud McDonogh 35 Sen-ior High School’s commitment to educating our youth and celebrate their centennial year. McDonogh 35 Senior High School is a school with an unpromising beginning, but blessed with a legacy and future that will take it be-yond its 100 years of importance. 
f 
JOHN BANDIMERE, JR. 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor John Bandimere, Jr. for receiving the West Cham-ber’s Jefferson County Hall of Fame Award. This award honors outstanding individuals who have had significant and long-lasting impacts on Jefferson County’s economy, community and legacy. For the past 60 years, John Bandimere, Jr. has been the driving force behind the suc-cessful Bandimere Speedway team as the second-generation owner and operator of the quarter-mile drag strip that bears his family’s name. The Bandimere family has always been in the automotive industry through manufac-turing, auto parts sales, machine work, racing or other automotive-related businesses but they have called the beautiful Colorado foot-hills home for the past six decades. In 1958, his father and mother, John Sr. and Frances, founded the speedway west of Denver. Origi-nally called the Safety Proving Grounds of America and built as a location for testing the limits of the automobile in a safe environment, the NHRA-sanctioned speedway is now known as ‘‘Thunder Mountain.’’ John Jr. continues to be a visible figure at Bandimere Speedway as he provides encour-agement and well-respected leadership to the staff, community and guests. Most recently, his official title became Chairman of the Board as well as CSO—Chief Spiritual Officer. John Jr. has been actively involved in the Jeffco community for years serving on multiple boards including, but not limited to, Guaranty Bank West Advisory Board, West Metro Chamber Board, National Hot Rod Associa-tion, Fellowship of Christian Athletes, Cherry Hills Community Church, Colorado Motor-sports Hall of Fame Advisory Board and many others. Congratulations to John Bandimere, Jr. for this well-deserved award, and I thank him for his continued dedication to our community. f 
HONORING MS. ESTHER MOORE 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Ms. Esther Moore, the author of a recent book en-titled Placitas. This book describes the vibrant, diverse community and residents of Cuba, New Mexico. While the village may be small, it reflects the best of the state, including hard-working families and a rich history and culture. That is why I was so honored to meet and talk with Esther at a book signing about her inspiration for the book and how proud she is of her com-munity. While I was visiting the village, I also had the pleasure of attending their Little League Basketball Championship. This tournament gave me the opportunity to meet many of Cuba’s residents including the parents, coach-es, players, and volunteers who were there. I was struck by the strong sense of community in such a small town, and I am proud that Es-ther’s book will ensure that people all over the country will be able to experience a slice of what I loved so much about Cuba, New Mex-ico. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the state of New Mexico, I want to congratulate Esther Moore on becoming a published author, and thank her for the work she has done to educate us about the Cuba, New Mexico community. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE SALINE COUNTY HOMEMAKERS EDU-CATION ASSOCIATION 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise before you today to recognize the 100th anniversary of the Saline County Homemakers Education Association. Since they first organized in 1918, members of the Saline County Homemakers have been devoted to improving the lives of women, chil-dren, families, and communities within their re-gion. Through emphasizing the importance of the human and spiritual values of life, they have also sought to promote the development of positive role models and strong community leaders. Their programs and meetings have continued to provide Saline County residents with opportunities for friendship, personal growth, and community service. The Saline County Homemakers Education Association will be sharing their history with the community in a ceremony on Saturday, April 28 at the McKinley Baptist Church Edu-cation building in Harrisburg, Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I wish to send my congratula-tions to Saline County Homemakers Education Association for their continued success and dedication to their mission. f 
STEVE BURKHOLDER 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Steve Burkholder for receiving the West Chamber’s Jefferson County Hall of Fame Award. This award honors outstanding individuals who have had significant and long-lasting impacts on Jefferson County’s economy, community and legacy. Steve grew up in metro Denver and moved to Lakewood in 1963. He became Lakewood Mayor from 1999 and served until 2007. Dur-ing his tenure, he was president of the Colo-rado Municipal League, was a member of the Metro Mayors Executive Committee and was the chair of numerous committees in the Na-tional League of Cities. In the private sector, he was involved in the wholesale trade for many years and then served as the principal of the A & S Group, a consulting and mar-keting organization, for 17 years. He retired from actively consulting and facilitating in 2011. Aside from his tenure as Mayor, Steve is also known for founding the Parent-Child Home Program (PCHP) Jeffco, an initiative of the Jeffco Schools Foundation. PCHP’s mis-sion is to positively impact school readiness and long-term learning for two-and three-year olds from high risk and vulnerable families. Steve serves as a current PCHP board mem-ber, and is a founding board member of a re-cently-formed organization, the Jeffco Human Services Foundation. In his continuing quest for civil dialogue, Steve has served as a member of the execu-tive committee at the Center of the American West at the University of Colorado and as a fellow at the Institute on the Common Good at Regis University. He is also a past chairman of the board of the West Metro Chamber and was the founding chairman of Leadership Jef-ferson County, now in its 35th year at the Chamber. Congratulations to Steve Burkholder for this well-deserved award, and I thank him for his continued dedication to our community. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE EXTRAOR-DINARY LIFE OF THE LATE HON-ORABLE LOUISE SLAUGHTER 
SPEECH OF  
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, Louise Slaughter was my friend—and the one thing I always knew is that she had my back. When we went to Rochester, New York for her service, I was struck by the many people who lined the streets for her wearing Louise buttons. I knew then that she had their backs too. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24AP8.010 E24APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE522 April 24, 2018 
She made each person feel special. Maybe it was her southern twang that pulled you in, or the sparkle in her eyes. I first met Louise when I joined the House Rules Committee. I was new to Congress. I barely understood the rules of the House, and I found myself assigned to the Rules Committee. Louise took me under her wing and taught me not only the Rules of the House, but the Rules of Louise: Be cordial. Be kind. Know your stuff. Under-stand it is a privilege to serve in the House of Representatives. Always stay true to your word and fight for what you believe is right. And also, of course, laugh. Which she and I did a lot. We spent many memorable days and long nights together while I was on the Rules Com-mittee, particularly during the passage of the Affordable Care Act. I remember her husband Bob being there, he was practically an honorary Rules Com-mittee member. Louise’s leadership kept everyone around her going through late nights, and her unfailing wit helped ease tense days. A longtime advocate for public health, Lou-ise knew how important it was to expand ac-cess to healthcare in this country. Her tenacity and dedication helped usher through the Af-fordable Care Act in the House, helping even the playing field for families seeking care. Louise traced her lineage back to Daniel Boone. She was a pioneer herself. The daughter of a blacksmith in Lynch, Kentucky, she went on to fight for the people of New York in the New York State Assembly, and then in the United States Congress. When she came to the House of Represent-atives in 1987, there were only 25 female leg-islators here. But Louise wasn’t intimidated. She was a fierce, skilled legislator who be-came an example for all of those who came after her. Not far from Louise’s district is the site of the historic Seneca Falls Convention. Louise drew from that history and spent her career championing the causes of women every-where. She was the first woman to serve as Chair of the powerful House Rules Committee. She spearheaded the landmark Violence Against Women Act and the Genetic Information Non-discrimination Act. She fought for, and secured, federal funding for the National Institutes of Health, and was instrumental in the creation of the Office of Research on Women’s Health. And she co-founded the Pro-Choice Cau-cus, serving as a passionate proponent for women having the power to forge their own destinies until her last days in Congress. At the heart of all of these legislative ac-complishments is a common thread—Louise wanted to help people who were traditionally underrepresented. She wanted to give them a voice, and she did. Elizabeth Cady Stanton said, ‘‘The best pro-tector any woman can have . . . is courage.’’ Louise’s courage to fight for her progressive ideals, to stand up for equality, and to ensure working families in her district had opportuni-ties was a model for young girls everywhere and really a model for all of us here in Con-gress. It was Maya Angelou who said, ‘‘Each time a woman stands up for herself . . . she stands up for all women.’’ That’s what Louise did. And, as she stood up for other women, she always stayed true to who she was. She was genuine. She was a fighter. She loved people. And she was kind. Her passion for the arts and music bridged all of her life experiences. She loved every-thing from the songs of the 1950s and ’60s, to gospel music, to hard rock, to classical music. It was that authenticity and approachability, paired with her pioneering spirit, which made her both so tenacious and so well-loved. As much as Louise loved Congress, she also loved her family and took such great pride in them. She leaves behind a wonderful legacy in her three daughters, seven grand-children, and great-grandchild. When I go to the Rules Committee, I feel her presence, I hear her strong opinions, and I know that she is happy now reunited with her dear husband Bob and chairing the Rules Committee from up high. Louise Rules. 
f 
THE ENFORCER—FIRST LADY BARBARA BUSH 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, December of 1941 brought the United States into one of the deadliest wars in our history, but it also brought together the longest-married presi-dential couple in U.S. History. At a dance in Rye, New York, 16-year-old Barbara Pierce, a high school junior home on break from her school in South Carolina, caught the eye of 17-year-old George Herbert Walker Bush, a high school senior. Love was in the air, and the two became engaged a year and a half later. While George was deployed in the Pacific during the latter stages of World War II, he penned letters to his ‘‘darling Bar’’ expressing the joy that she brought him. The couple finally married on January 6, 1945, and for 73 years Barbara remained at George’s side. Barbara was an iconic woman and truly em-bodied what it meant to be a public servant in this country. She stood beside the American people through decades of major political events, from the Cold War to the terrorist at-tacks on September 11th, providing a reliable, steady presence that never failed to induce calm into those around her. She led our nation as First Lady with dig-nity, grace and more than a little bit of wit. She watched two of her sons follow in their fa-ther’s footsteps in bids for the U.S. Presidency and provided invaluable support to her son, George W. Bush, during his time in office. As a wife and mother of presidents, she taught us all the value of our families. During her time as wife of the Vice-Presi-dent and eventually First Lady, Barbara Bush became one of our country’s greatest advo-cates for education and literacy. She started her own foundation, the Barbara Bush Foun-dation for Family Literacy, in 1989 and her in-fluenced helped pass the National Literacy Act into law in 1991. As a result of her dedication to this cause, tens of millions of Americans have learned to read and write, and several million more were given another opportunity to graduate high school. While she was not born in Texas, she even-tually made the state home and forged a spe-cial bond with the place and its people. From supporting students across Texas and the Houston Metro area, to cheering on the Astros with her husband, her good will and magnetic personality left an indelible mark upon commu-nities in Texas. Mr. Speaker, Barbara Bush died as she lived, a strong Texas woman. She will be missed dearly by all Americans, especially those of us from Texas. And that’s just the way it is. f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF MR. WALLACE MARTIN 
HON. WILL HURD 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Mr. HURD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the incredible contributions and life of Mr. Wallace Martin from Carrizo Springs, Texas. Wallace’s roots run deep in South Texas. In 1948, Mr. Martin took over Dixondale Farms, growing onion transplants, cabbage, carrots and cauliflower. However, Wallace’s career began in the military. He honorably served his nation in World War II, when he flew over Omaha Beach on D-day, and conducted nu-merous heroic missions throughout Germany. As a farmer, Wallace oversaw the growth and expansion of Dixondale Farms during rail-road expansions and stoppages, hard freezes, and moves. His leadership is truly a testament to the character and spirit of Texas’s 23rd Congressional District. I had the honor of meeting Mr. Wallace Mar-tin this past August. I saw Mr. Martin at a Town Hall and was able to speak to his con-tribution to the community. Wallace Martin passed away on January 25, 2018, leaving behind an extraordinary legacy and family. While we mourn the loss of this great man, I know his reputation and the val-ues he represented will live on through his family, his friends, and community. I would like to extend my most sincere condolences to Mr. Martin’s family during this difficult time and am proud to recognize all that he did for the great state of Texas and the United States of Amer-ica. 
f 
DR. HARRIET HALL 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Dr. Harriet Hall for receiving the West Chamber’s Jefferson County Hall of Fame Award. This award hon-ors outstanding individuals who have had sig-nificant and long-lasting impacts on Jefferson County’s economy, community and legacy. Dr. Harriet Hall is most admired for her ad-vocacy and unwavering commitment to people with mental health disorders, their families and our community. Her passion and tireless ef-forts have impacted the lives of thousands of individuals living with mental illness. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24AP8.013 E24APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE523 April 24, 2018 
During her 34 years as Jefferson Center CEO & President, Harriet has worked to re-duce the stigma of mental illness, to bring the public’s attention to urgent matters of mental health and collaborated with government and business leaders to produce innovative changes for mental health care. Within hours after the 1999 shootings at Columbine High School, under Harriet’s leadership, Jefferson Center mobilized resources and helped lead the mental health crisis response. For the next three years, Jefferson Center provided leader-ship, services and infrastructure for programs that helped the community heal. Harriett’s relationships within the community have resulted in significant change and new, innovative programs, and her commitment to our community is immeasurable. She has re-ceived numerous awards for her much-needed work in the community. Congratulations to Dr. Harriet Hall for this well-deserved award, and I thank her for her continued dedication to our community. 
f 
HONORING THE SARATOGA ECO-NOMIC DEVELOPMENT CORPORA-TION ON ITS 40TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize the Saratoga Economic Development Corporation as it celebrates its 40th anniversary. Since its establishment in 1978, the Sara-toga Economic Development Corporation (SEDC) has been instrumental in fostering economic growth in Saratoga County. By working to both retain existing businesses and attract new jobs and industry to the county, SEDC has helped build Saratoga County into the thriving region that we know today. As a private investor-led, non-profit consulting firm, SEDC works with nearly 300 employers on projects to improve the quality of life for resi-dents. Over the past 40 years, SEDC brought over 18,000 jobs to Saratoga County and $16.5 billion in capital investment, significant achievements that I am proud to honor today. On behalf of New York’s 21st district, I want to thank the Saratoga Economic Development Corporation for 40 years of hard work and dedication to improving the Saratoga commu-nity. I look forward to watching them continue to succeed for many years to come. 
f 
IN REMEMBRANCE OF MASTER SERGEANT JERRE S. THOMAS II 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Master Sergeant Jerre S. Thomas, II. Master Sergeant Thomas served as a United States Marine, and was loved by all who met him. During his time in the Marine Corps, the Master Sergeant served his country with honor and pride. He would go on to work within the Department of Defense and the White House Press Corps under President’s George H.W. Bush and Bill Clinton. During this time, as a Master Instructor of Photography, Jerre was able to teach hundreds of Marines the skills of photography and videography. Master Sergeant Thomas enjoyed the com-pany of his community and was a member of the Quantico Town Council where he would serve the community until his passing. He loved his children and his country which I be-lieve is evident by his commitment to public service. Mr. Speaker, I ask you to join me and countless others as we recognize the many contributions of Master Sergeant Jerre S. Thomas, II. f 
ADDISON PAGE 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Addison Page for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Addison Page is a student at Drake Middle School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Addison Page is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Addison Page for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF KATHRYN LIEBERTH LYTTON 
HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Kathryn Lieberth Lytton who passed away on April 1, 2018, age 37. Born Kathryn Moffat Lieberth, Kate Lytton died two weeks shy of her 38th birthday fol-lowing a year-long battle with breast cancer, a fight that she waged until the very last hour with her unyielding wit and incomparable sto-icism. Kate was an accomplished young teacher of classical and modern ballet. She first started dancing at the age of three after seeing a Summer Festival performance of Ohio Ballet in Forest Lodge Park. She began her study at the University of Akron Dance Institute under Gina Carroll. She continued her pre-profes-sional training under Nan Klinger, performing for eight seasons with the Cuyahoga Valley Youth Ballet. She also danced in the 1992 International Children’s Festival in Taiwan. After graduating with honors from Our Lady of the Elms, Kate continued her education at the University of Utah where she was a member of the Utah Ballet and a trainee with Ballet West. Feeling that she was ‘‘getting old,’’ she left college to become an apprentice at Rich-mond (Virginia) Ballet. For the next 12 years, she performed with various ballets including Ballet Memphis, Oakland Ballet, and Company C Contemporary Ballet. Kate later returned to school to further her education in anatomy and kinesiology through multiple dance and fitness certification pro-grams. In 2011, Kate became the Dance Pro-gram Manager at Google Headquarters in Mountain View, CA. She grew the employee dance program from a few social dance class-es a week to a comprehensive dance training program across multiple disciplines, eventually overseeing programming at 50 Google offices globally, and supervising 200 dance instruc-tors worldwide. Kate returned to Akron in 2014 to raise a family with her husband Alec. She joined the faculties of the University of Akron Dance In-stitute, the Excellence in Dance studio in Cuy-ahoga Falls, and the 8-count dance studio in Green. She also served as the administrator for Ballet Excel Ohio’s Reach Out and Dance program that gave many students in the Akron Public Schools their first exposure to dance, and she especially loved working with stu-dents with disabilities. Kate also taught many barre classes throughout the community. Kate is the daughter of David Lieberth, one of Ak-ron’s prominent community leaders who served as Deputy Mayor. She is survived by her husband, Alec Lytton, a fellow dancer and teacher of dance at the University of Akron; by her daughters, Genevieve, 3, and Paige, 2; by her parents Lynne and Dave Lieberth; by her sister, Emma Lieberth and brother-in-law, Nathaniel Osborn; her mother-in-law, Joy Lord of Houston; and uncle, Joseph Lieberth of Barberton. I know Kate is dearly missed by her family, her friends, and all her students. I extend my deepest and sincerest condolences. f 
CELEBRATING THE 50TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE ARC OF LOUDOUN 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Arc of Loudoun, on its 50th anniversary of making immeasurable contribu-tions throughout Virginia’s 10th Congressional District. Since its creation in 1967, this foundation has advanced Rachel Paxton’s dream to use her historic Leesburg property to support the ‘‘needy children’’ of Loudoun County, deliv-ering care and services for people from in-fancy to adulthood, with differing abilities. The Arc of Loudoun has reshaped the quality of life for citizens, enabling thousands of people to live with greater independence and dignity by implementing one vision, to help members to live ‘‘a life like yours.’’ The Arc of Loudoun serves 3,125 people, with over 4,000 instances of services through their five programs on Paxton Campus. They provide an integrated and innovative environ-ment in their services, all devoted to their mis-sion to maximizing the potential of children 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K24AP8.015 E24APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE524 April 24, 2018 
while supporting families and individuals with disabilities so that they may thrive in Loudoun. These programs include the Aurora School. Founded in 2003, the School is a private day school for students with special needs and be-havior challenges. Founded in 2010, the Open Door Learning Center is an inclusive pre-school for children with and without disabil-ities. The Center provides daily care with on-site behavioral and music therapy provisions for young children, many with developmental disabilities. The ALLY ‘‘A Life Like Yours’’ Advocacy Center vvas founded in 2011 and serves as a community resource for information, advocacy and support for children with special needs, their families, caregivers, and the profes-sionals who work with them. Founded in Sep-tember 2017, the Ability Fitness Center is a therapeutic fitness and wellness center for in-dividuals with neurological disorders including stroke, brain injury, spinal cord injury, and cer-ebral palsy, and developmental disabilities. This past January, the Arc of Loudoun launched the Advantage Behavior Clinic. The clinic provides individualized behavior and verbal therapy, speech therapy, and social skills development for children with autism and other related disabilities. I am thankful for the leadership of the Arc of Loudoun management team: Melissa Hei-fetz, Denise Daffron, YaTonya Abdullah, Ei-leen Shaffer, Megan Allman, Kendra McDon-ald, Amy Metaxa, Helen Parker, Matt Smith, Morgan Payne, and the entire staff, volun-teers, and supporters. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating the Arc of Loudoun on its 50th anniversary. May the Arc of Loudoun continue to assist in the cultivation of a better life for many years to come. 
f 
DANAIS REZA 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Danais Reza for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Danais Reza is a student at Jefferson High School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Danais Reza is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Danais Reza for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. DAYTON ACCORDS HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the legacy of the Dayton Accords is something the Bal-kans are still coming to terms with. The scourge of war and ethnic division have for too long cast a shadow of these historic and beautiful nations. For nearly 30 years, we have worked with our friends in the region to bring peace and reconciliation. We have learned many lessons and overcome many challenges. We have achieved peace but it re-mains an uneasy peace that must be closely tended to. The United States took on the responsibility when it intervened in the Balkans during the 1990s to find a political solution that enables freedom and peace between neighbors. We are not done with this responsibility. The Day-ton Accords was an important agreement, but it was a flawed agreement. It did not solve all the region’s problems and even created a few new ones. Peacekeepers remain in the Bal-kans to this day holding together the fragile agreement we constructed. If violence breaks out and if the region descends into chaos, It is our credibility that is damaged. But worst, it will reopen old wounds that are nearly healed. It is vital to our interests that peace, freedom, and prosperity triumph in the Balkans. Through Dayton we played a role in setting the current course, so have a stake in the re-gion’s future. Having spent a lot of time in the region, I have developed a deep affection and admira-tion for the peoples of the Balkans. I know them to be a proud, resilient, and strong-willed community—not unlike my fellow Texans. Specifically, I am proud to have forged a strong friendship with our Serbian partners as co-chair of the Serbia caucus. In them I see hope for the future. At the time Dayton was brokered, the United States and Serbia were foes, with daunting disagreements about the future of the region. But today we are friends working towards closer ties and a stronger Transatlantic community. I have seen that in Serbian President Vucic we have a partner for the future. He is committed to a Serbia living at peace with its neighbors. This includes moving his nation into the European Union and tackling the thorny issue ofKosovo. We must show him our support. Of course, our warming ties with Serbia and the rest of the region have caught the notice of the Kremlin. Russia has always felt the Bal-kans was under its sphere of influence. Dating back to the time of Soviet imperialism, Mos-cow has tried to force its will on the region. Vladimir Putin is trying desperately to upset the Balkan’s integration with the Euro-Atlantic community. In 2016, Putin even tried to sup-port a coup in Montenegro to prevent its as-cension into NATO. The Kremlin’s meddling in the region continues to this day, where it is sponsoring an elaborate and extensive disinformation campaign across the Balkans. Putin is hoping that by flooding the media in the region with lies, he can create division, un-rest, and convince the people of the Balkans to move away from the West. The citizens of the region are freedom loving people yearning to join and prosper within the Euro-Atlantic alli-ance, rather than the tyranny and violence of Putin’s realm. We need to take a more active role in thwarting Russia’s deceptions. Putin, however, is not the only threat to the region. The rise of ISIS and migrant crisis has strained the resources of our Balkan friends. The threat of radicalization and returning for-eign fighters is a shared threat which we must work together to combat. To forge our partner-ship with the Balkan states and demonstrate our commitment to stability in the region, it is required that the United States be attentive to their security concerns as much as any of our allies in Europe. Let us not forget that insta-bility in the Balkans a hundred years ago sparked a course of events that led to two world wars, millions dead, and divided Europe. That is why it is crucial we remain steadfast partners to the Balkans. The United States has a lot to offer to help guide the region towards a bright and peaceful future. We have an obligation because of Day-ton to remain engaged and see that the prob-lems of the past are overcome. And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
SKILLS FOR TODAY WEEK 
HON. RYAN A. COSTELLO 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of myself and my House 21st Century Skills Caucus co-chair, Con-gressman D
AVELOEBSACK , I rise today to ac-knowledge Skills for Today Week. Every American student should graduate high school with the knowledge and skills re-quired for workplace, academic, and life suc-cess. Thriving today—finding and holding a well-paying job, succeeding in higher edu-cation, and becoming part of a healthy com-munity—requires a deep grasp of rich content knowledge and the ability to use that knowl-edge to address challenges and meet needs. Extraordinary schools and community pro-grams in Pennsylvania, Iowa, and many other states across the country recognize this vitally important vision and are working hard to equip their learners with the critical thinking, collabo-ration, communication, and creativity skills (the ‘‘4Cs’’) they will need after graduation. As the bipartisan co-chairs of the House 21st Century Skills Caucus, we love to high-light the innovative schools and community or-ganizations—including high quality early learn-ing providers and engaging community pro-grams—that are blazing new trails to prime students for success. That is why we are pleased to acknowledge Skills for Today Week, which is scheduled from April 23–27. Skills for Today Week was created by the Partnership for 21st Century Learning to showcase how leading schools and beyond school programs are transforming teaching and learning, using a focus on the 4Cs to pre-pare students for economic, academic, and life success. Policymakers and practitioners alike can learn from the diverse group of education innovators featured during Skills for Today Week events. We believe federal education policies should enable and invest in similar ini-tiatives. As a result, we continue to strongly support the Every Student Succeeds Act, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24AP8.019 E24APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE525 April 24, 2018 
which defers to state and local decision-mak-ing and sensibly invests in educational innova-tions through bipartisan programs like the Stu-dent Support and Academic Enrichment block grant, the 21st Century Community Learning Centers program, and the Preschool Develop-ment Grants program. The stars of Skills for Today Week show that this flexible and prac-tical approach can make a major difference for America’s students as they work to become the next generation of business, community, and national leaders. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DR. EYSA MARQUEZ- BRITO 
HON. ILEANA ROS-LEHTINEN 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize Dr. Eysa Marquez-Brito, a Board Certified pediatrician practicing in beau-tiful Coral Gables. For over 30 years, Eysa has served the healthcare needs of countless children in my Congressional district. After graduating from medical school and completing her training in the field of pediat-rics, neonatology and adolescent medicine, Eysa became Chief Resident at Nicklaus Chil-dren’s Hospital, where she has continued to teach until this day. Eysa also works tirelessly outside of the exam room. She is active in the philanthropic community and volunteers with organizations such as United Way of Miami-Dade, Alfalit, Boy Scouts of America, and the Cancer Re-search Institute just to name a few. Mr. Speaker, I am so proud to represent in-dividuals like Eysa, who has dedicated her life to serving children and by doing so has trans-formed the lives of so many in our South Flor-ida community. 
f 
COURTNEY ROBB 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Courtney Robb for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Courtney Robb is a student at Drake Middle School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Courtney Robb is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Courtney Robb for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. HONORING THE 100TH BIRTHDAY OF LAWRENCE MANCHIO HON. DONALD S. BEYER, JR. 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize Mr. Lawrence Manchio for his outstanding service and contributions to this country. Mr. Manchio is a veteran of the Second World War and a longtime Civil Serv-ant, and today, April 24, 2018, he turns 100 years old. Lawrence Manchio, the son of an Italian im-migrant and the second oldest of eight chil-dren, grew up on Metcalfe Street in Wilkes- Barre, Pennsylvania. He was an 11-year old and selling Times Ledger newspapers on the street the day the stock market crashed in 1929. As the country wrestled with the Great Depression, Mr. Manchio’s father was diag-nosed with a terminal illness, and a young Larry Manchio dropped out of the eighth grade and took a job as a plumber’s apprentice to help feed his family. In 1934, Mr. Manchio signed on with FDR’s Civilian Conservation Corps (CCC) clearing land to build Skyline Drive in Virginia’s Shen-andoah Mountains. When the work with the CCC ended, the Corps of Engineers in Penn-sylvania hired him to help clean up damage from the Susquehanna River flood of 1936. When that project completed, Mr. Manchio re-located to Alexandria, VA to begin construc-tion of National Airport and the Pentagon. Mr. Manchio lived in several boarding houses in the North End of Old Town Alexan-dria before settling down in a small home on Columbus Street. He walked four miles to and from the job site each day to save on bus fare. He met his wife, Diva DiFelice, while at-tending Sunday Mass at St. Joseph’s Catholic Church, and they married on January 23, 1942. A year later, Mr. Manchio joined the Army. After basic training, he joined his unit in Aus-tralia and fought with MacArthur’s forces through New Guinea, Borneo, Morotai, and the Philippines. In 1945, Mr. Manchio landed in Japan with the 8th Army where his. unit was charged with guarding the Japanese Im-perial Palace during occupation. He was discharged in 1946, and resumed working for the Corps of Engineers. As part of the Aqueduct Division, he was set to work building and developing the water supply sys-tem for Washington, DC., and Northern Vir-ginia. By the time he retired in 1973, he was supervising the work of over 53 civil servants. In retirement, Mr. Manchio continued to serve his community and neighbors. He took pride in maintaining a meticulously landscaped yard, which received numerous beautification awards from the City of Alexandria. In May 2013, his wife of 71 years passed away, but he continues to enjoy the company and sup-port of his son and daughter who both live lo-cally. Mr. Manchio attributes his longevity to a Mediterranean diet, remaining physically and mentally active, and drinking a glass of red wine daily. He enjoys reading, keeping up with current events, and rooting for the Washington Nationals. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Manchio’s dedication and service to his country is deserving of recogni-tion and distinction. He is the highest example of a true American and a role model for us all. I ask that my colleagues join me in congratu-lating Lawrence Manchio on reaching his cen-tennial year. f 
TRIBUTE TO YOUNG STAFF MEM-BERS FOR THEIR CONTRIBU-TIONS ON BEHALF OF THE PEO-PLE OF THE 18TH CONGRES-SIONAL DISTRICT OF TEXAS AND THE UNITED STATES 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as Mem-bers of Congress we know well, perhaps bet-ter than most, how blessed our nation is to have in reserve such exceptional young men and women who will go on to become leaders in their local communities, states, and the na-tion in the areas of business, education, gov-ernment, philanthropy, the arts and culture, and the military. We know this because we see them and benefit from their contributions every day. Many of them work for us in our offices as jun-ior staff members, congressional fellows, or in-terns and they do amazing work for and on behalf of the constituents we are privileged to represent. Mr. Speaker, I believe there is no higher calling than the call to serve a cause larger than ourselves. That is why I ran for public of-fice. I was inspired to serve by President Ken-nedy who said, ‘‘Ask not what your country can do for you, ask what you can do for your country,’’ and by the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. who said: 
Everybody can be great because anybody can serve. . . . You only need a heart full of grace. A soul generated by love. 
By this measure, there are several other great young men and women who served as volunteers this year in my offices. They may toil in obscurity but their contributions to the constituents we serve are deeply appreciated. That is why today I rise to pay tribute to five extraordinary young persons for their service to my constituents in the 18th Congressional District of Texas and to the American people. They are: Ayesha Muzaffar from the University of Houston; Anthony Berry from the University of Ala-bama; Jonathan King from Texas Tech University; Troy Allen from the University of Houston; and Brett Hyland from The Madeira School. Mr. Speaker, the energy, intelligence, and idealism these wonderful young people brought to my office and those interning in the offices of my colleagues help keep our democ-racy vibrant. The insights, skills, and knowl-edge of the governmental process they gain from their experiences will last a lifetime and prove invaluable to them as they go about making their mark in this world. Because of persons like Ayesha, Anthony, Jonathan, Troy, and Brett the future of our country is bright and its best days lie ahead. I wish them well. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful that such thoughtful committed young men and women 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24AP8.021 E24APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE526 April 24, 2018 
can be found working in my office, those of my colleagues, and in every community in America. Their good works will keep America great, good, and forever young. 
f 
ADRENA ROCHA 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Adrena Rocha for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Adrena Rocha is a student at Arvada High School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Adrena Rocha is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Adrena Rocha for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. 
f 
HONORING LOLLIE’S NEW MEXICAN FOOD 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Lollie’s New Mexican Food, one of Albuquer-que’s favorite restaurants, which just cele-brated its five-year anniversary. In April 2013, Lollie Padilla opened her res-taurant in Albuquerque’s South Valley hoping to share the recipes of her mother, for whom the restaurant is named. Since then, Ms. Padilla and her staff have been ‘‘Proudly Serv-ing the Southwest’’ quadrant of Albuquerque breakfast and lunch seven days a week. House specialties include the sopaipillas and tostadas as well as New Mexico’s famous red and green chile. In addition to providing the South Valley with outstanding food, Lollie’s has given back to the community through its philanthropic en-deavors. Every winter, the restaurant holds a coat drive in order to help those who are struggling to make ends meet. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of Albuquerque com-munity, I want to congratulate Lollie’s New Mexican Food on its five-year anniversary. We are so lucky to have Ms. Padilla and her team in our community and look forward to enjoying their food, hospitality, and philanthropy for years to come. HONORING THE LIFE OF BARBARA MINOR JAMES HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor the life of Barbara Minor James, a dedicated civic serv-ant, mentor and humanitarian, who touched the lives of many. A steadfast Dallasite, Mrs. James lived a life devoted to the service of others, especially the young women of our city through her tireless work with the YWCA, a non-profit with a mis-sion to eliminate racism, empower women, stand up for social justice, help families and strengthen communities. This is a cause that Mrs. James believed in deeply, and her efforts led to her becoming the first African-American woman to serve as the President of this valu-able institution. A graduate of the storied Booker T. Wash-ington High School, and later Wiley College of Marshall, Texas, and San Francisco State Uni-versity, Mrs. James was affectionately referred to as ‘The General’, because she strived her whole life to ensure that young women would not be limited to traditional roles, but instead be trained to be leaders in their communities and be granted professional equality. These are values that we continue to strive for, and that we can be sure touched the lives of countless young women who will be the lead-ers of tomorrow. She is also a deeply valued member of he church community at New Hope Baptist, for whom she gifted 50 years as a Sunday School Instructor, as well as numerous other board positions and directorships, including as a Trustee of American Baptist Women for 15 years. Her service was not confined to these insti-tutions, as she also dedicated herself to the greater Dallas Community of Churches, Jack and Jill of America, the Martin Luther King, Jr. Family Clinic and National Society of Fund Raising Executives. Mr. Speaker, Mrs. James said it best when she remarked that service ‘‘makes getting up every morning exciting because I can work for the betterment of Dallas, the city I love.’’ Sim-ply put Barbara Minor James was involved in every way possible to dedicated her life to her church, her community, and her values, and I believe we should honor her legacy for that commitment. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF HEART’S DELIGHT BAPTIST CHURCH 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Heart’s Delight Baptist Church, of Fauquier, Virginia, on their 150th anniversary. The church was envisioned in 1868 under the leadership of Jessie D. Howe and Noah Bumbry. During the early stages of planning the church, these trusted servants of God sug-gested an appropriate name for the new church, which was based upon the lesson taught them in the following lines: ‘‘Though hell may rage, avenge and spite, still God will save his heart’s delight.’’ After two years on this journey, the land was purchased and the church was built. Pastor Jacob Byrd, who was then a young licentiate minister of the gospel, preached until Pastor J.D. Howe had been licensed to preach and was called to succeed Mr. Byrd in Janu-ary of 1873. Since its creation, Heart’s Delight Baptist Church has been led by 11 pastors in its 150 years. Through that time, Heart’s De-light has provided a quality Christian founda-tion for many in the surrounding community. I am happy to say that in the last two years, Heart’s Delight has been extremely active in the community and has held many events, in-cluding a Christian Bowling League, Hope Emergency Center and the Catlett Community Fair. Mr. Speaker, I pray for Christ’s guidance as the congregation comes together in His name and fellowship. May God always bless Heart’s Delight Baptist Church as they continue to spread Christ’s word and remain a light within the community. f 
RECOGNIZING THE FOUNDATION FOR ETHNIC UNDERSTANDING AND THE REPUBLIC OF AZER-BAIJAN 
HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Foundation for Ethnic Under-standing and the Republic of Azerbaijan for hosting an event on April 18th celebrating the relationship between the Republic of Azer-baijan and Israel. The Republic of Azerbaijan has been inclusive of its vibrant Jewish com-munity and has the distinction of being a ma-jority Muslim country that has a friendship with Israel. The United States of America and the Republic of Azerbaijan have enjoyed strong diplomatic relations since 1992 following Azer-baijan’s successful declaration of independ-ence from the Soviet Union. The Republic of Azerbaijan has been supportive of a two-state solution for peace in the Middle East while maintaining and strengthening its partnership with the State of Israel. The Republic of Azer-baijan is celebrating the centennial of becom-ing the first ever democratic republic in the Muslim world. Thank you again to the Founda-tion for Ethnic Understanding for hosting a great event honoring the enduring relationship between Azerbaijan and Israel. 
f 
DONALD TALLMAN 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Donald Tallman for receiving the West Chamber’s Jefferson County Hall of Fame Award. This award hon-ors outstanding individuals who have had sig-nificant and long-lasting impacts on Jefferson County’s economy, community and legacy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24AP8.024 E24APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE527 April 24, 2018 
Donald has served as the Executive Direc-tor of the Colorado Railroad Museum for the past 13 years and has the distinction of being the first non-railfan to lead the Museum. Under Donald’s leadership, the museum has made great progress including developing new audi-ences, expanding educational programs and increasing visibility outside the railfan commu-nity. Museum attendance has nearly doubled during his tenure, and the Museum’s budget has also grown by almost 70 percent. Today, the Colorado Railroad Museum is recognized as one of the foremost, independently-sup-ported railroad museums in the United States. To achieve this success, Donald has worked closely with local and state tourism agencies to help them understand the impor-tant economic impact of tourist railroads and railway museums. Donald is a strong pro-ponent of the power of collaboration and works closely with other cultural organizations in the region to develop opportunities to col-laborate on programs. He is also active in the community, serving on several boards includ-ing the Budget and Audit Committee for the City of Lakewood, the Membership Committee for the National Western Stock Show Associa-tion, the Golden Visitor Center Board, and the Board of the HeritageRail Alliance. Donald is also active in the arts community, both as a performer and as an administrator. A professional singer, Donald regularly per-forms the National Anthem at civic and profes-sional sporting events throughout Colorado. Congratulations to Donald Tallman for this well-deserved award, and I thank him for his continued dedication to our community. 
f 
RECOGNIZING PATRICIA GARCIA DUENAS 
HON. ILEANA ROS-LEHTINEN 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize my constituent, Patricia Gar-cia Duenas, who will be retiring on May 1st from Jackson Memorial Hospital after 31 years of dedicated service to our community. Like my family and me, and so many others in my Congressional district, Patricia was forced to flee Castro’s brutal tyranny. She ar-rived in Miami from Cuba in 1968. Patricia attended South Miami Senior High School and had great pride for her school. She was actively involved in extra-curricular activities and was selected to the Home-coming Court and Captain of the Varsity Cheerleaders. Patricia later attended the University of Flor-ida and graduated in 1986, with a Bachelor of Science in Therapeutic Recreation. Her desire to help others in our community led her to a lifelong career at Jackson Memorial Hospital. Patricia first joined the Jackson family in 1987, as a Child Life Specialist at Holtz Chil-dren’s Center. In 1988, she accepted a posi-tion as a Recreation Therapist in Mental Health and, for the past thirty years she has helped thousands of individuals with mental ill-ness and addiction. Her dedication and com-mitment to her patients and to Jackson Behav-ioral Health Hospital have earned her numer-ous recognitions. In October of 2015, she was named Man-ager of Activity Therapy Services and, under her leadership, the Department has continued to go above and beyond to provide excellent care. Throughout her three decades of service, it is without question that Patricia has been a champion of mental health care and that she has impacted the lives of countless individ-uals. I thank Patricia for her many years of service to our South Florida community. f 
CONGRATULATING RABBI AMY R. PERLIN ON HER RETIREMENT 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Rabbi Amy R. Perlin for her 32 years of exceptional service to the Temple B’nai Shalom and the surrounding community of Fairfax Station. After decades of service, Rabbi Perlin will be retiring this July. Rabbi Perlin was determined to build a vi-brant and meaningful Jewish life for families in Northern Virginia. In 1986, she founded the Temple B’nai Shalom congregation, becoming the first female rabbi in the United States to start a congregation on her own, bringing to-gether the essence of Jewish spiritual life for about 100 families from several nearby com-munities in the fall of 1986. Under her leader-ship, the Temple has grown to serve over 500 families from throughout Northern Virginia, and earned a reputation as a values driven, wel-coming, diverse, caring, and highly- participatory congregation. Nationally, Temple B’nai Shalom is known for retaining and inspiring generations of Jew-ish youth to continue practicing their faith through Confirmation and Post-Confirmation, posting one of the best post-Bar Mitzvah re-tention rates in the country. Additionally, the Temple has sent a record number of rabbinic students to Hebrew Union College and the Jewish Institute of Religion, with seven mem-bers of the congregation matriculating to the Institute since 2002. Having Rabbi Perlin’s stu-dents named to these prestigious institutions is truly a testament to her resolute commit-ment to providing Jewish youth with a first-rate education. In recognition for her leadership and serv-ice, Rabbi Perlin received the Jewish Women International’s 2012 Women to Watch award. In 2013, she was recognized as one of ‘‘Amer-ica’ s Most Inspiring Rabbis’’ by The Forward newspaper for her impact shaping 21st cen-tury Judaism. In addition to her faithful service to the Tem-ple B’nai Shalom congregation, Rabbi Perlin is a devoted wife, mother and grandmother. To-gether with her husband of 41 years, Gary, she has been dedicated to social justice and philanthropy in the Washington area and worldwide. In honor of Rabbi Perlin’s legacy, the con-gregation of the Temple B’nai Shalom is es-tablishing the Rabbi Amy R. Perlin and Gary L. Perlin Endowment to commemorate the in-valuable leadership and service she and her husband have provided to the Northern Vir-ginia community. With the establishment of this endowment, Rabbi Perlin’s contributions and leadership will continue to thrive and strengthen the Jewish faith now and in the fu-ture. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in recognizing Rabbi Perlin’s loyal and dedicated service to Temple B’nai Shalom. On behalf of Virginia’s 10th District, I wish Rabbi Perlin all the best in her future endeavors. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Mr. OLSEN. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to leave Texas in time to vote on Monday April 16th due to a personal obligation. Had I been present, I would have voted Yea on Roll Call No. 140 and Yea on Roll Call No. 141. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUCILLE ROYBAL-ALLARD 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, on April 18, I was not present for Roll Call vote 147. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Aye’’ on the motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 2905, the Justice for Victims of IRS Scams and Identity Theft Act of 2018. 
f 
A NATIONAL HERO FROM TEXAS 21 
HON. LAMAR SMITH 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, last week Southwest Flight 1380 was flying from New York’s La Guardia Airport to Dallas Love Field when one of the plane’s engines ex-ploded. The pilot, Tammie Jo Shults, a constituent who lives in Kendall County, heard the noise and knew what had happened. She remained calm as the plane shook and shuddered and reassured her 144 passengers and five crew members while she also coordinated with air traffic control. Captain Shults kept a bad situation from be-coming worse and safely executed an emer-gency landing in Philadelphia. Shults is no stranger to high-pressure situa-tions. She had years of experience as one of the Navy’s first female aviators who later served as an F/A18 Hornet instructor in which she played the ‘‘aggressor’’ pilot in mock dogfights. That’s where she met her husband Dean, who is now a commercial pilot too. Tammie and Dean have two adult children, one of whom, Marshall, I appointed to the United States Air Force Academy. I’m happy to have the Shults family as constituents in Texas’ 21st District. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24AP8.020 E24APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE528 April 24, 2018 
WELCOME CLARK GRAY TOLLESON 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, I am happy to congratulate Lauren Tolleson and Jesse Tolleson of Alexandria, Virginia, on the birth of their new baby boy, Clark Gray Tolleson. Clark Gray Tolleson was born on March 2, 2018, at Inova Alexandria Hospital in Alexandria, Virginia at 8:31 p.m. Clark weighed five pounds and twelve ounces and measured 18 and 
3⁄4inches long. I would also like to congratulate Clark’s grandparents, Jesse and Sybil Tolleson of Rienzi, Mississippi, and Gray and Jean Gildner of Fairfax Station, Virginia. Congratula-tions to the entire family as they welcome their newest addition of pure pride and joy. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE 50TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE NEW DOMINION WOMEN’S CLUB 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor all members of the New Dominion Women’s Club of McLean, Virginia, as they celebrate their 50th anniversary. For half a century, its members and their friends have worked to make Northern Virginia a better place in which to live. Founded in the spring of 1968 by eight dedi-cated, civic-minded women, this club has a proud history of community involvement, vol-unteer service and fellowship. The Club tailors its structure to maximize the benefits of its efforts to the community and its members, and it annually votes on a slate of directors to lead the planning process for the membership. In support of its mission, club members meet monthly to plan several com-munity fundraisers, service projects and pro-gram activities that take place throughout the year. Program activities are comprised of cultural programs, lectures, holiday celebrations and membership events, which incorporate in-kind donation collections for local groups in need. Memorable events include, Suited for Change, SHARE of McLean, Second Story, Doorways of VA, Bethany House, The Reading Connec-tion, Food for Others, and Education for Inde-pendence, Homestretch and more. These events have been abundantly successful in raising money for the Club’s beneficiary orga-nizations, especially in 2017 when the club raised over $20,000 in donations. I would like to acknowledge their dedication and commit-ment to the many worthwhile projects and pro-gram activities over the past fifty years that have enhanced the broader community. As is obvious from this long and diverse list of ac-tivities, the women of the New Dominion Women’s Club are extraordinarily dedicated, passionate and creative. I thank the many women who have shared a legacy of community service for the many individuals of Virginia, while providing an op-portunity for fellowship among women. Mr. Speaker, I ask you and my colleagues to join me in congratulating the New Dominion Women’s Club as they celebrate their Fiftieth Anniversary. f 
RULES OF THE JOINT SELECT COMMITTEE ON BUDGET AND APPROPRIATIONS PROCESS RE-FORM 
HON. STEVE WOMACK 
OF ARKANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Mr. WOMACK. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of myself and Mrs. L
OWEY , co-chairs of the Joint Select Committee on Budget and Appropria-tions Process Reform, I include in the R
ECORD  the rules of the Joint Select Committee on Budget and Appropriations Process Reform. These rules were adopted during the Joint Committee’s organizational meeting on April 17, 2018. 
RULEI—INGENERAL  1. The provisions of subtitle B of title IV, division C of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 (P.L. 115–123) governing the proceedings of the Joint Select Committee on Budget and Appropriations Process Reform (hereinafter ‘‘Joint Committee’’) are hereby incorporated by reference and nothing herein shall be con-strued as superseding any provision of that Act. 2. The rules of the House of Representa-tives—to the extent that they are applicable to committees and do not conflict with the rules of the Joint Committee or subtitle B of title IV, division C of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018—shall govern the proceedings of the Joint Committee. 3. If a measure or matter is publicly avail-able in electronic form, it shall be considered to have been available to members of the Joint Committee for purposes of these rules. 4. In each case where authority is granted to the Co-Chairs of the Joint Committee, such authority may only be exercised jointly by the Co-Chairs. R
ULEII—M EETINGS AND HEARINGS  
MEETINGS  1. (a) The Co-Chairs shall provide an agen-da to the Joint Committee members not less than 48 hours in advance of any meeting. (b) The text of any report and proposed leg-islative language shall be publicly available in electronic form at least 24 hours prior to its consideration. 
HEARINGS  3. The Co-Chairs shall make a public an-nouncement of the date, place, time, and subject matter of any hearing to be con-ducted not less than seven days in advance of such hearing, unless the Co-Chairs determine that there is good cause to begin such hear-ing at an earlier date. 
WITNESSES ’ STATEMENTS  4. (a) A witness appearing before the Joint Committee shall file a written statement of proposed testimony at least two calendar days before the appearance of the witness, unless this requirement is waived by the Co- Chairs, following their determination that there is good cause for failure to comply with such requirement. (b) Any witness appearing in a nongovern-mental capacity shall include with their written statement of testimony a curriculum vitae and a disclosure of any Federal grants or contracts, or contracts or payments origi-nating with a foreign government, received during the current calendar year or either of the two previous calendar years by the wit-ness or an entity represented by the witness and related to the subject matter of the hearing. These statements, with appropriate redactions to protect the privacy or security of a witness, shall be made publicly available in electronic form not later than one day after the witness appears. Such disclosure shall include: (i) the amount and source of each Federal grant (or subgrant thereof) or contract (or subcontract thereof) related to the subject matter of the hearing; and (ii) the amount and country of origin for any payment or contract related to the sub-ject matter of the hearing originating with a foreign government. VOTING AND QUORUMS  5. (a) Nine members of the Joint Com-mittee shall constitute a quorum for pur-poses of voting and meeting. (b) Five members of the Joint Committee shall constitute a quorum for holding hear-ings. 6. A record vote on any motion, amend-ment, measure, or matter may be ordered upon the request of any member of the Joint Committee. 7. The Co-Chairs may jointly agree to set a series of votes on any amendment or agree-ing to a measure or matter, or postpone a re-quested record vote on such amendment, measure or matter, to occur at a time cer-tain. Reasonable notice shall be given to members prior to resuming proceedings on any postponed question. 8. No proxy voting shall be allowed on be-half of the members of the Joint Committee. R
ULEIII—Q UESTIONING WITNESSES  1. Questioning of witnesses will be con-ducted under the five-minute rule. Each member of the Joint Committee shall be al-located five minutes to question witnesses during the initial round and any subsequent round of questioning. R
ULEIV—S TAFFING AND RECORDS  
STAFF  1. The staff of the Joint Committee shall be appointed as provided in sections 30442(b)(4)(I)(i) and 30442(b)(4)(I)(ii) of the Bi-partisan Budget Act of 2018. 
RECORDS  2. The Joint Committee shall maintain a complete record of all committee action, in-cluding— (a) in the case of a hearing or meeting transcript, a substantially verbatim account of remarks actually made during the pro-ceedings, subject only to technical, gram-matical, and typographical corrections au-thorized by the person making the remarks involved; and (b) the result of each record vote taken by the Joint Committee, including a description of the amendment, motion, order, or other proposition, the name of each member voting for and voting against such amendment, mo-tion, order, or other proposition, and the names of the members of the Joint Com-mittee present but not voting. R
ULEV—C ONTENT OF REPORT  1. In the report required under section 30442(b)(2)(B)(i)(I) of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, the Joint Committee shall in-clude— (a) with respect to each record vote on a motion to report the Joint Committee’s rec-ommendations or accompanying legislative language, and on any amendment offered to the recommendations or language, the total number of votes cast for and against, and the names of members voting for and against; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24AP8.034 E24APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE529 April 24, 2018 
(b) a document, showing by appropriate ty-pographical devices the omissions and inser-tions proposed, the entire text of each sec-tion of a statute that is proposed to be re-pealed; and a comparative print of each amendment to the entire text of a section of a statute that the bill or joint resolution proposes to make. If the Joint Committee re-ports a bill or joint resolution proposing to repeal or amend a statute or part thereof with a recommendation that the bill or joint resolution be amended, such comparative print shall also reflect the changes in exist-ing law proposed to be made by the bill or joint resolution as proposed to be amended. R
ULEVI—P UBLIC ACCESS AND TRANSPARENCY  1. (a) Any report or legislative language approved by the Joint Committee, the result of each record vote taken by the Joint Com-mittee, and any Committee Print published by the Joint Committee shall be made avail-able to the public in electronic form. (b) Not later than 24 hours after the adop-tion of any amendment to the report or leg-islative language, the Co-Chairs shall make the text of each such amendment publicly available in electronic form. (c) Not later than 48 hours after a record vote is completed, the information described in clause 2(b) of rule IV shall be made pub-licly available in electronic form. 2. To the maximum extent practicable, the Joint Committee shall— (a) provide audio and video coverage of each hearing or meeting for the transaction of business in a manner that allows the pub-lic to easily listen to and view the pro-ceedings; and (b) maintain the recordings of such cov-erage in a manner that is easily accessible to the public. f 
HONORING MS. ZOE SLOAN CALLAN 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ms. Zoe Sloan Callan for her victory at the New Mexico finals of the Poetry Out Loud recitation competition. Ms. Callan is New Mexico’s representative at the national finals this week. Ms. Callan is a freshman at the Native American Community Academy in Albu-querque. She earned first place at the 13th Annual New Mexico Finals of Poetry Out Loud last month, a competition that featured over 1,600 students and 35 teachers from across the state. Ms. Callan’s winning recitation consisted of ‘‘Abecedarian Requiring Further Examination of Anglikan Seraphym Subjugation of a Wild Indian Rezervation’’ by Natalie Diaz, ‘‘The New Colossus’’ by Emma Lazarus, and ‘‘Fa-mous’’ by Naomi Shihab Nye. In recognition of her achievement, Ms. Callan received $200, as well as a $500 sti-pend to purchase poetry books for her school’s library. She also received an all-ex-pense paid trip to Washington, D.C. with her grandmother, Ms. Jackie Miles, to compete in the national finals. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of Albuquerque com-munity, I want to congratulate Ms. Zoe Sloan Callan on her impressive victory at the New Mexico Finals of Poetry Out Loud. We wish her the best of luck in the national finals and all her future endeavors. f 
HONORING THE RETIREMENT OF CMSGT JOSEPH R. M
CARTHUR, 911TH AIRLIFT WING, U.S. AIR FORCE 
HON. KEITH J. ROTHFUS 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Citizen Airman Chief Master Joseph R. McArthur upon his retirement after more than 37 years of honorable service in the United States Air Force and United States Air Force Reserve. Chief McArthur was born in Duluth, Min-nesota and graduated from Spring Lake Park Senior High School in 1980. He entered the U.S. Air Force in November of that year. His first assignment was to the 9th Bombardment Squadron at the former Carswell AFB, Texas. After promotion to the rank of Senior Airman below-the-zone on 1 June 1983, he departed for Verona, Italy where he was assigned to NATO’s Joint Signal Support Group. He was later reassigned to the 48th Tactical Fighter Wing at Royal Air Force Lakenheath where he was awarded the Air Force Commendation Medal for Heroism. Chief McArthur moved to Ramstein Air Base, Germany in July 1986 after he was des-ignated the Non-Commissioned Officer in Charge (NCOIC) of Personnel for the AF Eu-ropean Broadcasting Squadron. In 1988, Chief McArthur completed the Non-Commissioned Officer Leadership School as a Distinguished Graduate. Two years later, Chief McArthur was reassigned to the 40th Mission Support Group, Aviano Air Base, Italy as the NCOIC of Personnel Readiness where he supported Op-erations DESERT SHIELD/STORM and PRO-VIDE COMFORT. In 1992, he joined the 98th Air Refueling Group as the Chief of Personnel of Barksdale Air Force Base, Louisiana with the Air Force Reserve. In August 1996, then-TSgt McArthur was reassigned to the 911th Airlift Wing, Pitts-burgh International Airport Air Reserve Station where he served in various positions. The fol-lowing year, Chief McArthur was promoted to Master Sergeant and to Senior Master Ser-geant in 1999. After the terrorist attacks on September 11, 2001, Chief McArthur supported Operation NOBLE EAGLE. He led a contingent of secu-rity forces personnel to the CENTCOM Area of Responsibility with the 321st Expeditionary Security Forces Squadron, Masirah Air Base, Oman. In 2005, he became the Air Transportation Manager within the Aerial Port career field. From 2006–2007, he was deployed to the 489th Aerial Port Squadron, Andrews AFB, Maryland. During that deployment, Chief McArthur completed his Bachelor of Science Degree in Management from American Military University. He returned to the 911th Airlift Wing in 2007, being promoted to Chief Master Ser-geant. Chief McArthur forged partnerships with local educational institutions to allow college- level courses to be taught at the 911th Airlift Wing. His vision came to fruition in January 2014 when the 911th Airlift Wing partnered with Robert Morris University to begin teaching General Education courses. Since this partner-ship started, the 911th Airlift Wing has pre-sented over 150 Community College of the Air Force Associate degrees. In 2008, he deployed to the 455th Expedi-tionary Airlift Wing at Bagram Airfield, Afghani-stan. Following his deployment, Chief McArthur was selected to become the ‘‘defacto’’ Group Superintendent for the 911th Mission Support Group. Three years later, he deployed as the Superintendent of the Air Mo-bility Division at the Combined Air Operations Center, Al Udeid Air Base, Qatar. In 2014, he became the Air Transportation Functional Manager (Forward), Headquarters, Air Forces Central Command, Al Udeid Air Base, Qatar. He deployed in 2017 and 2018 with the 379th Expeditionary Force Support Squadron as the Superintendent for Man-power and Personnel Flight. In 2016, he was awarded a Master of Science Degree in Organizational Leadership from Robert Morris University. Chief McArthur is a highly decorated indi-vidual who has been awarded 8 Meritorious Service Medals, 2 Air Force Commendation Medals, and 2 Air Force Achievement Medals. I commend Chief Master Sergeant Joseph R. McArthur for his commitment and sacrifices he has made for our country. On this occasion of his retirement from the U.S. Air Force, I thank him for his honorable service. The United States of America has benefited greatly from Chief McArthur’s visionary leadership, planning, and foresight. We wish him and his wife, Barbara, the very best. 
f 
20TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE CON-GRESSIONAL PRAYER BREAK-FAST 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to cele-brate the 20th anniversary of the Congres-sional Prayer Breakfast. Prior to its origination, many residents of Illi-nois had attended what was then called the St. Louis Mayor’s Prayer Breakfast. I was in-vited myself to attend by Gary Tedrick, a local businessman who was involved with the spon-soring organization—CBMC. We then discussed hosting an Illinois version to be called the Congressional Prayer Breakfast. Upon conferring with Congressman Jerry Costello (D, Belleville), we agreed this would be a good thing to do. It would remind us of our common faith and that there is more that unites us than divides us. We ended up co-hosting the event for 14 years. Gary led the formation of the breakfast along with the help of David Stevenson, Mark Repking, Ted Prehn, and Stan Bower from the St. Louis chapter of CBMC, and Gary con-tinues to lead it with the help of dozens of vol-unteers. People such as Bob Plummer and Scott Adams are original sponsors from the very beginning. We have heard from a wide range of speak-ers over the years, who tell their stories of the trials of life and faith, but all of them have had the same common belief in Jesus Christ. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24AP8.037 E24APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE530 April 24, 2018 
I want to thank former Congressmen Jerry Costello and Bill Enyart for co-hosting, as well as my current co-hosts, Congressmen R
ODNEY  D
AVIS and M IKEBOST. I also want to thank Steve Jankowski, who has served as our emcee for all 20 years. I want to thank the current steering com-mittee members: Scott Adams, Mike Baese, George Weber, Dick Bold, Julie Lading, Bob Plummer, Larry Absheer, Gary Tedrick, Tony Kalinowski, David Stevenson, Tracy Bodenbach, Eric McRoy, and David Wiegand. In addition, I want to thank Bott Radio for broadcasting the breakfast for several years now. I want to thank R.P. Lumber in Edwardsville, Answer Midwest in Alton, and Larry’s Hairy Business in Fairview Heights for hosting week-ly discussion groups. My involvement in reaching the 20 year milestone for the Congressional Prayer Break-fast has been limited, and it would not have happened without the dedication of Gary and his team and the hundreds of attendees each year. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DIANE BLACK 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I am not re-corded for Roll Call votes on Tuesday, April 24, 2018 because I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted Aye on final passage for the following bills: S. 447, the Justice for Uncompensated Survivors Today Act, H.R. 4744, the Iran Human Rights and Hostage-Taking Accountability Act, and H.R. 4681, the No Assistance for Assad Act. Together, these bills promote America’s ob-ligation to protect religious freedom and human rights around the world. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24AP8.040 E24APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
D436 Tuesday, April 24, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S2359–S2397 Measures Introduced: Twelve bills and three reso-lutions were introduced, as follows: S. 2732–2743, S.J. Res. 60, and S. Res. 481–482.
                  Page S2391 
Measures Passed: North Korean Human Rights Reauthorization Act: Committee on Foreign Relations was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 2061, to reau-thorize the North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto: 
                                                                                            Page S2396 
McConnell (for Rubio) Amendment No. 2240, in the nature of a substitute.
                                     Page S2396 
Congratulating the Villanova University Wild-cats: Senate agreed to S. Res. 482, congratulating the Villanova University Wildcats for winning the 2018 National Collegiate Athletic Association Divi-sion I Men’s Basketball Tournament.
              Page S2396 
Escort Committee—Agreement: A unanimous- consent agreement was reached providing that the President of the Senate be authorized to appoint a committee on the part of the Senate, to join with a like committee on the part of the House of Rep-resentatives, to escort His Excellency Emmanuel Ma-cron, President of the French Republic, into the House Chamber for the Joint Meeting on Wednes-day, April 25, 2018.
                                                Page S2396 
Pompeo Nomination—Cloture: Senate began con-sideration of the nomination of Mike Pompeo, of Kansas, to be Secretary of State.
                Pages S2372–81 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur on Thursday, April 26, 2018.
                                                          Page S2372 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-tive Session.
                                                                  Page S2372 
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S2372 A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the nomination at approximately 12 noon, on Wednesday, April 25, 2018.
                                                                                Page S2372 
Grenell Nomination—Cloture: Senate began con-sideration of the nomination of Richard Grenell, of California, to be Ambassador to the Federal Republic of Germany, Department of State.
            Pages S2372–81 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of Mike Pompeo, of Kansas, to be Secretary of State.
                                                      Page S2372 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-tive Session.
                                                                  Page S2372 
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S2372 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nominations: 1 Army nomination in the rank of general. 
                                                                                            Page S2397 
By 50 yeas to 47 nays (Vote No. EX. 82), Stuart Kyle Duncan, of Louisiana, to be United States Cir-cuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit.
                Pages S2371–72 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Dan Michael Berkovitz, of Maryland, to be a Commissioner of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission for a term expiring April 13, 2023. James E. Hubbard, of Colorado, to be Under Sec-retary of Agriculture for Natural Resources and En-vironment. Michelle Bowman, of Kansas, to be a Member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve Sys-tem for the unexpired term of fourteen years from February 1, 2006. Richard Clarida, of Connecticut, to be Vice Chair-man of the Board of Governors of the Federal Re-serve System for a term of four years. Richard Clarida, of Connecticut, to be a Member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24AP8.REC D24APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D437 April 24, 2018 
System for the unexpired term of fourteen years from February 1, 2008. Mark Van Dyke Holmes, of New York, to be a Judge of the United States Tax Court for a term of fifteen years. James W. Carroll, Jr., of Virginia, to be Director of National Drug Control Policy. 1 Air Force nomination in the rank of general. 29 Army nominations in the rank of general. 4 Coast Guard nominations in the rank of admi-ral. 1 Navy nomination in the rank of admiral. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, Coast Guard, and Navy.
                                              Pages S2396–97 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S2386–90 
Executive Reports of Committees:       Pages S2390–91 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S2391–92 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S2392–93 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S2383–86 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S2394–96 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S2396 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—82)
                                                           Pages S2371–72 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 6:14 p.m., until 12 noon on Wednesday, April 25, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S2396.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
RURAL AMERICA Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Com-mittee concluded a hearing to examine the state of rural America, after receiving testimony from Sonny Perdue, Secretary of Agriculture. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Com-mittee announced the following subcommittee as-signments: Subcommittee on Commodities, Risk Management, and Trade: Senators Boozman (Chair), Hoeven, Grassley, Thune, Daines, Perdue, Hyde-Smith, Heitkamp, Brown, Bennet, Gillibrand, Donnelly, and Smith. Subcommittee on Rural Development and Energy: Senators Ernst (Chair), Boozman, Hoeven, Thune, Daines, Fischer, Hyde-Smith, Smith, Brown, Klobuchar, Bennet, Donnelly, and Heitkamp. Subcommittee on Conservation, Forestry, and Natural Re-sources: Senators Daines (Chair), McConnell, Booz-man, Grassley, Perdue, Hyde-Smith, Bennet, Leahy, Klobuchar, Donnelly, and Casey. Subcommittee on Nutrition, Agricultural Research, and Specialty Crops: Senators Perdue (Chair), McConnell, Boozman, Hoeven, Ernst, Fischer, Casey, Leahy, Brown, Gillibrand, and Smith. Subcommittee on Livestock, Marketing, and Agriculture Se-curity: Senators Fischer (Chair), McConnell, Ernst, Grassley, Thune, Daines, Gillibrand, Leahy, Klo-buchar, Heitkamp, and Casey. Senators Roberts and Stabenow are ex-officio members of each subcommittee. APPROPRIATIONS: NAVY AND MARINE CORPS Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ment of Defense concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Navy and Marine Corps, after re-ceiving testimony from Richard V. Spencer, Sec-retary of the Navy, Admiral John M. Richardson, USN, Chief of Naval Operations, and General Rob-ert B. Neller, USMC, Commandant of the Marine Corps, all of the Department of Defense. APPROPRIATIONS: FDA Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Agri-culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Admin-istration, and Related Agencies concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justifica-tion for fiscal year 2019 for the Food and Drug Ad-ministration, after receiving testimony from Scott Gottlieb, Commissioner, Food and Drug Administra-tion, Department of Health and Human Services. APPROPRIATIONS: USAID Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the United States Agency for International Development, after receiving testimony from Mark Green, Adminis-trator, United States Agency for International Devel-opment. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Armed Services: Committee ordered favor-ably reported 256 nominations in the Army, Navy, Air Force, and Marine Corps. DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION REQUEST AND FUTURE YEARS DEFENSE PROGRAM Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the posture of the Department of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24AP8.REC D24APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD438 April 24, 2018 
the Air Force in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2019 and the Future Years Defense Program, after receiving testimony from Heather A. Wilson, Secretary of the Air Force, and General David L. Goldfein, USAF, Chief of Staff of the Air Force, both of the Department of Defense. MARITIME TRANSPORTATION Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-committee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries, and Coast Guard concluded a hearing to examine mari-time transportation, focusing on opportunities and challenges, after receiving testimony from Michael A. Khouri, Acting Chairman, Federal Maritime Commission; Mark. H. Buzby, USN (Ret.), Admin-istrator, Maritime Administration, Department of Transportation; Rear Admiral James Helis, USMS, Superintendent, Merchant Marine Academy; and Craig H. Middlebrook, Deputy Administrator, Saint Lawrence Seaway Development Corporation, Depart-ment of Transportation. FOREST SERVICE BUDGET Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee concluded a hearing to examine President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2019 for the Forest Service, after receiving testimony from Victoria Christiansen, Interim Chief, Forest Service, Depart-ment of Agriculture. NEW TAX LAW Committee on Finance: Committee concluded a hearing to examine early impressions of the new tax law, after receiving testimony from David K. Cranston, Jr., Cranston Material Handling Equipment Corp., McKees Rocks, Pennsylvania, on behalf of the Na-tional Federation of Independent Business; Douglas Holtz-Eakin, American Action Forum, Washington, D.C.; and David Kamin, New York University School of Law, and Rebecca M. Kysar, Brooklyn Law School, both of New York, New York. CYBERSECURITY Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine mitigating America’s cybersecurity risk, including the need for the Department of Homeland Security to improve and promote the security of Federal and private-sector networks, after receiving testimony from Jeanette Manfra, Assistant Secretary, Office of Cybersecurity and Communications, National Protec-tion and Programs Directorate, Department of Homeland Security; Gregory C. Wilshusen, Director, Information Security Issues, Government Account-ability Office; and Eric Rosenbach, Harvard Kennedy School Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs, Cambridge, Massachusetts. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Committee ordered favorably reported the following business items: S. 2680, to address the opioid crisis, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 2315, to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to clarify the regulatory framework with respect to certain nonprescription drugs that are marketed without an approved new drug applica-tion, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute; S. 2597, to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize the program of payments to children’s hospitals that operate graduate medical education programs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 382, to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to develop a voluntary registry to collect data on cancer incidence among firefighters; and The nomination of Jon Parrish Peede, of Mis-sissippi, to be Chairperson of the National Endow-ment for the Humanities. INTERNATIONAL PARENTAL CHILD ABDUCTION Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the plight of international paren-tal child abduction and its effect on American fami-lies, after receiving testimony from Carl C. Risch, Assistant Secretary of State, Bureau of Consular Af-fairs; Donald E. Conroy, Director, Passenger Divi-sion, National Targeting Center, Office of Field Op-erations, Customs and Border Protection, Depart-ment of Homeland Security; Noelle Hunter, iStand Parent Network Inc., Morehead, Kentucky; John F. Clark, National Center for Missing and Exploited Children, Alexandria, Virginia; and Christopher S. Brann, Houston, Texas. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee held closed hearings on intelligence matters, receiving testimony from officials of the intelligence community. Committee recessed subject to the call. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24AP8.REC D24APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D439 April 24, 2018 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 20 pub-lic bills, H.R. 5589–5608, and 5 resolutions, H. Res. 838 and 840–843, were introduced. 
                                                                                    Pages H3505–06 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H3506–07 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 5005, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study to determine the suitability and feasibility of establishing the birth-place of James Weldon Johnson in Jacksonville, Flor-ida, as a unit of the National Park System (H. Rept. 115–644); H.R. 5236, to expand opportunities available to employee-owned business concerns through Small Business Administration loan programs, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–645); H.R. 4267, to amend the Investment Company Act of 1940 to change certain requirements relating to the capital structure of business development companies, to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to revise certain rules relating to busi-ness development companies, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–646); H.R. 4464, to repeal the rule issued by the Na-tional Credit Union Administration titled ‘‘Risk- Based Capital’’ (H. Rept. 115–647); H.R. 4560, to suspend contributions by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to the Housing Trust Fund during any period that the full required dividend payments under the Senior Preferred Stock Purchase Agreements for such enterprises are not made, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–648); H.R. 2809, to amend title 51, United States Code, to provide for the authorization and super-vision of nongovernmental space activities, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–649); and H. Res. 839, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4) to reauthorize programs of the Federal Aviation Administration, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3144) to provide for operations of the Federal Columbia River Power System pursuant to a certain operation plan for a specified period of time, and for other purposes; and providing for proceedings during the period from April 30, 2018, through May 4, 2018 (H. Rept. 115–650).
                                        Pages H3504–05 Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Poliquin to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H3455 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:35 p.m. and re-convened at 2 p.m.
                                                   Page H3459 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by voice vote.
                               Page H3459 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:09 p.m. and recon-vened at 3:37 p.m.
                                                   Page H3460 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Justice for Uncompensated Survivors Today (JUST) Act: S. 447, to require reporting on acts of certain foreign countries on Holocaust era assets and related issues;
                                                       Pages H3460–64 
No Assistance for Assad Act: H.R. 4681, amend-ed, to limit assistance for areas of Syria controlled by the Government of Syria or associated forces; 
                                                                                    Pages H3470–74 
Recognizing and supporting the efforts of the United Bid Committee to bring the 2026 Fe´de´ration Internationale de Football Association (FIFA) World Cup competition to Canada, Mexico, and the United States: H. Con. Res. 111, amended, recognizing and supporting the efforts of the United Bid Committee to bring the 2026 Fe´de´ration Inter-nationale de Football Association (FIFA) World Cup competition to Canada, Mexico, and the United States, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 392 yeas to 3 nays, Roll No. 148;
                      Pages H3474–76, H3491–92 
Innovators to Entrepreneurs Act of 2018: H.R. 5086, amended, to require the Director of the Na-tional Science Foundation to develop an I-Corps course to support commercialization-ready innovation companies, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 379 yeas to 16 nays, Roll No. 149; and
      Pages H3489–91, H3492–93 
American Space Commerce Free Enterprise Act: H.R. 2809, amended, to amend title 51, United States Code, to provide for the authorization and su-pervision of nongovernmental space activities. 
                                                                                    Pages H3476–89 
Committee Resignation: Read a letter from Rep-resentative Mitchell wherein he resigned from the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
                                                                                            Page H3491 
Recess: The House recessed at 5:59 p.m. and recon-vened at 6:30 p.m.
                                                   Page H3491 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24AP8.REC D24APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD440 April 24, 2018 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow, April 25th.
                       Page H3493 
Honoring the life of First Lady Barbara Bush: The House agreed to discharge from committee and agree to H. Res. 838, honoring the life of First Lady Barbara Bush.
                                                              Page H3493 
Recess: The House recessed at 8:49 p.m. and recon-vened at 9:50 p.m.
                                                   Page H3503 
Suspension—Proceedings Postponed: The House debated the following measure under suspension of the rules. Further proceedings were postponed. Iran Human Rights and Hostage-Taking Ac-countability Act: H.R. 4744, amended, to impose additional sanctions with respect to serious human rights abuses of the Government of Iran. 
                                                                                    Pages H3464–70 
Senate Referral: S. 2325 was held at the desk. Senate Message: Message received from the Senate today appears on page H3455. Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H3491–92 and H3492–93. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 9:51 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
FAA REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2018; TO PROVIDE FOR OPERATIONS OF THE FEDERAL COLUMBIA RIVER POWER SYSTEM PURSUANT TO A CERTAIN OPERATION PLAN FOR A SPECIFIED PERIOD OF TIME, AND FOR OTHER PURPOSES Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 4, the ‘‘FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018’’; and H.R. 3144, to provide for operations of the Fed-eral Columbia River Power System pursuant to a certain operation plan for a specified period of time, and for other purposes. The Committee granted, by record vote of 7–3, a structured rule that provides for the consideration of H.R. 4. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. The rule waives all points of order against con-sideration of the bill. The rule provides that the bill shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill. The rule makes in order only those amendments printed in part A of the Rules Committee report and amendments en bloc described in subsection (e) of the rule. Provides that the amendments printed in part A of the report may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the pro-ponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amendments printed in part A of the report or against amendments en bloc as described in subsection (e) of the rule. The rule provides that the chairman of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure or his designee may offer amendments en bloc consisting of amend-ments printed in part A of the report not earlier dis-posed of. Amendments en bloc shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for 20 minutes equally di-vided and controlled by the chairman and ranking minority member of the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure or their designees, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. In section 2, the rule provides for the consideration of H.R. 3144 under a closed rule. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Natural Resources. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the amendment printed in part B of the Rules Committee report shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. In section 3, the rule provides that on any legislative day during the period from April 30, 2018, through May 4, 2018: the Journal of the proceedings of the previous day shall be considered as approved; and the Chair may at any time declare the House adjourned to meet at a date and time to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjournment. Finally, in sec-tion 4, the rule provides that the Speaker may ap-point Members to perform the duties of the Chair for the duration of the period addressed by section 3. Testimony was heard from Chairman Bishop of Utah, Chairman Shuster, and Representatives Graves of Louisiana, Massie, DeSaulnier, Titus, Hastings, Polis, Torres, Russell, Panetta, Culberson, Schiff, Estes of Kansas, Castor of Florida, Rohrabacher, Suozzi, Grothman, Welch, Hill, Jackson Lee, King of Iowa, Keating, Banks of Indiana, and Moore. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD18\APRIL\D24AP8.REC D24AP8abonner on DSKBCJ7HB2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D441 April 24, 2018 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D397) 
H.R. 3445, to enhance the transparency and accel-erate the impact of programs under the African Growth and Opportunity Act and the Millennium Challenge Corporation. Signed on April 23, 2018. (Public Law 115–167) H.R. 3979, to amend the Fish and Wildlife Act of 1956 to reauthorize the volunteer services, com-munity partnership, and refuge education programs of the National Wildlife Refuge System. Signed on April 23, 2018. (Public Law 115–168) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, APRIL 25, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, 2 p.m., SD–430. Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Justice, 2:30 p.m., SD–192. Subcommittee on Legislative Branch, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Government Accountability Office and Congressional Budget Office, 3:30 p.m., SD–138. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: busi- ness meeting to consider S. 2717, to reauthorize provi-sions relating to the Maritime Administration, S. 2369, to authorize aboriginal subsistence whaling pursuant to the regulations of the International Whaling Commission, S. 2511, to require the Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere to carry out a program on co-ordinating the assessment and acquisition by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration of unmanned maritime systems, to make available to the public data collected by the Administration using such systems, S. 2343, to require the Federal Communications Commis-sion to establish a task force for meeting the connectivity and technology needs of precision agriculture in the United States, and the nominations of Vice Admiral Karl L. Schultz, to be Admiral and to be Commandant, and Vice Admiral Charles W. Ray, to be Vice Commandant, both of the Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Secu-rity, Patrick Fuchs, of Wisconsin, and Michelle A. Schultz, of Pennsylvania, both to be a Member of the Surface Transportation Board, Department of Transpor-tation, Rebecca Kelly Slaughter, of Maryland, to be a Federal Trade Commissioner, Rubydee Calvert, of Wyo-ming, and Laura Gore Ross, of New York, both to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Corporation for Public Broadcasting, and Alan E. Cobb, of Kansas, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority, 9:45 a.m., SD–106. Subcommittee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries, and Coast Guard, to hold hearings to examine enhancing the Marine Mammal Protection Act, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Chris-topher Krebs, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary for Na-tional Protection and Programs, Department of Home-land Security, 3 p.m., SD–342. Committee on Indian Affairs: to hold hearings to examine H.R. 597, to take lands in Sonoma County, California, into trust as part of the reservation of the Lytton Rancheria of California, and H.R. 1491, to reaffirm the action of the Secretary of the Interior to take land into trust for the benefit of the Santa Ynez Band of Chumash Mission Indians, 2:30 p.m., SD–628. Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Andrew S. Oldham, of Texas, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit, Alan D. Albright, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Texas, Thomas S. Kleeh, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of West Virginia, Peter J. Phipps, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Western District of Pennsylvania, and Michael J. Truncale, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Texas, 2:30 p.m., SD–226. Committee on Rules and Administration: business meeting to markup S. Res. 355, improving procedures for the consideration of nominations in the Senate, 3:30 p.m., SR–301. Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: to hold hearings to examine preparing small businesses for cyber-security success, 3:30 p.m., SR–428A. 
House 
Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Legisla-tive Branch, budget hearing on the Government Account-ability Office, 1 p.m., HT–2 Capitol. Subcommittee on Defense, budget hearing on the De-partment of Defense, 1 p.m., H–140 Capitol. This hear-ing will be closed. Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies, budget hearing entitled ‘‘Member Day’’, 1:30 p.m., 2362–A Rayburn. Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies, budget hearing entitled ‘‘FY 2019 Pipeline to the Workforce’’, 2 p.m., 2358–C Rayburn. Subcommittee on Legislative Branch, budget hearing on the Library of Congress, 2 p.m., HT–2 Capitol. Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the Office of Housing and the Federal Housing Adminis-tration, 2 p.m., 2358–A Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24AP8.REC D24APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD442 April 24, 2018 Subcommittee on Legislative Branch, budget hearing on the U.S. House of Representatives, 3 p.m., HT–2 Capitol. Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Gov-ernment, budget hearing entitled ‘‘Member Day’’, 3 p.m., H–309 Capitol. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Health, markup on H.R. 4275, the ‘‘Empowering Phar-macists in the Fight Against Opioid Abuse Act’’; H.R. 5041, the ‘‘Safe Disposal of Unused Medication Act’’; H.R. 5202, the ‘‘Ensuring Patient Access to Substance Use Disorder Treatments Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5483, the ‘‘Special Registration for Telemedicine Clarification Act of 2018’’; legislation on the Improving Access to Remote Behavioral Health Treatment Act of 2018; H.R. 449, the ‘‘Synthetic Drug Awareness Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3545, the ‘‘Overdose Prevention and Patient Safety Act’’; H.R. 3692, the ‘‘Addiction Treatment Access Improvement Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4284, the ‘‘Indexing Narcotics, Fentanyl, and Opioids Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4684, the ‘‘Ensuring Access to Quality Sober Living Act of 2017’’; H.R. 5002, the ‘‘ACE Research Act’’; H.R. 5009, the ‘‘Jessie’s Law’’; H.R. 5102, the ‘‘Substance Use Disorder Workforce Loan Repayment Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5176, the ‘‘Preventing Overdoses While in Emergency Rooms Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5197, the ‘‘Alternatives to Opioids (ALTO) in the Emergency Department Act’’; H.R. 5261, the ‘‘TEACH to Combat Addiction Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5272, the ‘‘Reinforcing Evidence-Based Standards Under Law in Treating Substance Abuse Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5327, the ‘‘Comprehensive Opioid Recovery Centers Act 2018’’; H.R. 5329, the ‘‘Poison Center Network En-hancement Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5353, the ‘‘Eliminating Opioid-Related Infectious Diseases Act of 2018’’; legisla-tion to enhance and improve state-run prescription drug monitoring programs; legislation to improve fentanyl testing and surveillance; legislation to support the peer support specialist workforce; H.R. 3331, to amend title XI of the Social Security Act to promote testing of incen-tive payments for behavioral health providers for adoption and use of certified electronic health record technology; legislation on the CMS Action Plan; legislation on the Welcome to Medicare; legislation on the Adding Re-sources on Non-Opioid Alternatives to the Medicare Handbook; legislation on the Post-Surgical Injections as an Opioid Alternative; legislation on the Alternative Pay-ment Model for Treating Substance Use Disorder; legisla-tion on the Use of Telehealth to Treat Opioid Use Dis-order; legislation on the Incentivizing Non-Opioid Drugs; H.R. 3528, the ‘‘Every Prescription Conveyed Se-curely Act’’; H.R. 4841, the ‘‘Standardizing Electronic Prior Authorization for Safe Prescribing Act of 2018’’; legislation on the Mandatory Lock-In; legislation on the Beneficiary Education; legislation on the Evaluating Abuse Deterrent Formulations; legislation on the Pre-scriber Notification; legislation on the Prescriber Edu-cation; legislation on the Medication Therapy Manage-ment (MTM) Expansion; legislation on the CMS/Plan Sharing; H.R. 1925, the ‘‘At-Risk Youth Medicaid Pro-tection Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3192, the ‘‘CHIP Mental Health Parity Act’’; H.R. 4005, the ‘‘Medicaid Reentry Act’’; H.R. 4998, the ‘‘Health Insurance for Former Fos-ter Youth Act’’; H.R. 5477, the ‘‘Rural Development of Opioid Capacity Services Act’’; H.R. 5562, to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to develop a strategy implementing certain recommendations relating to the Protecting Our Infants Act of 2015, and for other purposes; legislation on the Limited repeal of the IMD Exclusion for adult Medicaid beneficiaries with substance use disorder; legislation on the Medicaid Pharmaceutical Home Act; legislation on the Medicaid DRUG Improve-ment Act; legislation on the Medicaid PARTNERSHIP Act; legislation on the Incentives to Create Medicaid Health Homes to Treat Substance Use Disorder; legisla-tion on the Medicaid IMD ADDITIONAL INFO Act; legislation on the Medicaid Graduate Medical Education Transparency Act; legislation on the HUMAN CAPITAL in Medicaid Act; legislation on the Require Medicaid Programs to Report on All Core Behavioral Health Meas-ures; legislation to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide for Medicaid coverage protections for pregnant and postpartum women while receiving inpa-tient treatment for a substance use disorder; H.R. 5228, the ‘‘Stop Counterfeit Drugs by Regulating and Enhanc-ing Enforcement Now Act’’; H.R. 5554, to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to reauthorize user fee programs relating to new animal drugs and generic new animal drugs; legislation on the FDA and Inter-national Mail; legislation on the 21st Century Tools for Pain and Addiction Treatments; legislation on the FDA Opioid Sparing; legislation on the FDA Packaging and Disposal; legislation on the FDA Long-term Efficacy; and legislation on the FDA Misuse/Abuse, 1 p.m., 2123 Ray-burn. Committee on Financial Services, Subcommittee on Hous-ing and Insurance, hearing entitled ‘‘HUD’s Role in Rental Assistance: An Oversight and Review of Legisla-tive Proposals on Rent Reform’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Bor-der and Maritime Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Border Secu-rity, Commerce and Travel: Commissioner McAleenan’s Vision for the Future of CBP’’, 2 p.m., HVC–210. Committee on House Administration, Full Committee, markup on Committee Resolution 115–10; Committee Resolution 115–11; Committee Resolution 115–13; Committee Resolution 115–14; Committee Resolution 115–15; Committee Resolution 115–16; Committee Res-olution 115–17; and Committee Resolution 115–18, 12 p.m., 1310 Longworth. Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, business meeting to consider subcommittee assignments, and markup on H.R. 3356, the ‘‘Prison Reform and Redemp-tion Act’’; H.R. 68, the ‘‘Tiffany Joslyn Juvenile Ac-countability Block Grant Program Reauthorization Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 1689, the ‘‘Private Property Rights Pro-tection Act of 2017’’, 2 p.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Weaponization of the National Environ-mental Policy Act and the Implications of Environmental Lawfare’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24AP8.REC D24APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D443 April 24, 2018 Committee on Small Business, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘American Infrastructure and the Small Business Perspective’’, 11:30 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Dis-ability Assistance and Memorial Affairs, hearing entitled ‘‘Review of VA’s Life Insurance Programs’’, 2:30 p.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways And Means, Subcommittee on Human Resources, hearing entitled ‘‘Jobs and Oppor-tunity: Employer Perspectives on the Jobs Gap’’, 11:30 a.m., 1100 Longworth. Subcommittee on Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘The Opioid Crisis: Stopping the Flow of Synthetic Opioids in the International Mail System’’, 2 p.m., 1100 Longworth. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Economic Committee: to hold hearings to examine how the innovation economy leads to growth, 2 p.m., SH–216. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24AP8.REC D24APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD444 April 24, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 12 noon, Wednesday, April 25 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the nomination of Mike Pompeo, of Kansas, to be Secretary of State. Senators will meet in the Senate Chamber to depart as a body at 10:10 a.m., to the Hall of the House for the 10:30 a.m. Joint Meeting with the President of the French Republic, His Excellency Emmanuel Macron. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 9 a.m., Wednesday, April 25 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Joint Meeting with the Senate to Receive His Excellency Emmanuel Macron, President of the French Republic. Consideration of H.R. 3144—To provide for operations of the Federal Columbia River Power System pursuant to a certain operation plan for a specified period of time (Subject to a Rule). Begin con-sideration of H.R. 4—FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018 (Subject to a Rule). Consideration of the following meas-ure under suspension of the Rules: H.R. 5447—Music Modernization Act. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Bergman, Jack, Mich., E518 Beutler, Jaime Herrera, Wash., E520 Beyer, Donald S., Jr., Va., E525 Black, Diane, Tenn., E517, E530 Burgess, Michael C., Tex., E517 Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E526 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E520, E523, E527, E528 Costello, Ryan A., Pa., E524 Dent, Charles W., Pa., E515 Donovan, Daniel M., Jr, N.Y., E515 Frankel, Lois, Fla., E516 Hurd, Will, Tex., E522 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E525 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E526 Jordan, Jim, Ohio, E516, E517 Lance, Leonard, N.J., E516 Lofgren, Zoe, Calif., E519 Lujan Grisham, Michelle, N.M., E516, E521, E526, E529 Matsui, Doris O., Calif., E521 Olson, Pete, Tex., E527 Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E518, E520, E521, E521, E522, E523, E524, E525, E526, E526 Poe, Ted, Tex., E522, E524 Richmond, Cedric L., La., E520 Ros-Lehtinen, Ileana, Fla., E516, E525, E527 Rothfus, Keith J., Pa., E529 Roybal-Allard, Lucille, Calif., E527 Ryan, Tim, Ohio, E519, E523 Schiff, Adam B., Calif., E515 Sessions, Pete, Tex., E518 Shimkus, John, Ill., E521, E529 Smith, Lamar, Tex., E527 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E523 Wenstrup, Brad R., Ohio, E517, E518 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E528 Wittman, Robert J., Va., E523, E526 Womack, Steve, Ark., E528 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Apr 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D24AP8.REC D24APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST