Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
b This symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H7755 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, AUGUST 17, 2018 No. 137 
Senate 
The Senate was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Monday, August 20, 2018, at 3 p.m. 
House of Representatives 
FRIDAY , AUGUST 17, 2018 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. P
OEof Texas). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, August 17, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable T
EDPOEto act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
PRAYER Reverend Gary Studniewski, St. Peter’s Catholic Church, Washington, D.C., offered the following prayer: Almighty God, You guide everything in wisdom and love. Accept the prayers we offer for our Nation. By the wisdom of our leaders and integrity of our citi-zens, may harmony and justice be se-cured and may there be lasting pros-perity and peace. May the work of this Chamber con-tribute to these ends and may the Members of this House be blessed and strengthened to accomplish it. Bless us all, Lord, to enable our con-tributions to build up a Nation and the kingdom where You reign. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to section 2(a) of House Resolution 1012, the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings is approved. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. The SPEAKER pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, August 16, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on Au-gust 16, 2018, at 12:08 p.m.: That the Senate agree to the amendment of the House of Representatives to the bill S. 717. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. COMMUNICATION FROM CHIEF OF STAFF, THE HONORABLE JASON SMITH, MEMBER OF CONGRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from Mark Roman, Chief of Staff, the Honorable J
ASON SMITH, Member of Congress: 
AUGUST 13, 2018. Re: Notice of Service of Trial Subpoena in Case 3: 16–cr–30061–CSB–TSH Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. SPEAKER : This is to notify you formally, pursuant to Rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, that I have been served with a grand jury subpoena for testimony, issued by the U.S. District Court for the Central District of Illinois, in the above referenced matter. After consultation with counsel, I will make the determinations required by Rule VIII. Sincerely, M
ARKROMAN . f 
COMMUNICATION FROM DIRECTOR OF MEMBER SERVICES, HOUSE REPUBLICAN CONFERENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from Sarah Rogers, Director of Member Services, House Republican Conference: 
AUGUST 13, 2018. Re: Notice of Service of Trial Subpoena in Case 3:16–cr–30061–CSB–TSH Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. SPEAKER : This is to notify you formally, pursuant to Rule VIII of the Rules 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:12 Aug 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17AU7.000 H17AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7756 August 17, 2018 
of the House of Representatives, that I have been served with a grand jury subpoena for testimony, issued by the U.S. District Court for the Central District of Illinois, in the above referenced matter. After consultation with counsel, I will make the determinations required by Rule VIII. Sincerely, S
ARAH ROGERS . f 
ADJOURNMENT The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to section 2(b) of House Resolution 1012, the House stands adjourned until Tuesday, August 21, 2018, at 12:30 p.m. Thereupon (at 9 o’clock and 3 min-utes a.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Tuesday, August 21, 2018, at 12:30 p.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
5942. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final evaluation of vendor submittal — Final Safety Evaluation by the U.S. Nuclear Regu-latory Commission Staff for Topical Report BWRVIP-41, Revision 4, ‘‘BWRVIP Jet Pump Assembly Inspection and Flaw Evaluation Guidelines’’ [CAC No.: MF4887; EPID L-2014- TOP-0008] received July 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 5943. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final evaluation of vendor submittal — Final Supplemental Safety Evaluation Related to BWRVIP-62-A, ‘‘Boiling Water Reactor Ves-sel and Internals Project, Technical Basis for Inspection Relief for BWR Internal Compo-nents with Hydrogen Injection’’, Use of On-line Noble Metal Chemistry in Boiling Water Reactors received July 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 5944. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s NUREG — Final Safety Evaluations of Tech-nical Specifications Task Force Traveler TSTF-567, Revision 1, ‘‘Add Containment Sump TS To Address GSI-191 Issues’’ (EPID: L-2017-PMP-0005) received July 13, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5945. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s NUREG Revision — Consolidated Guidance About Materials Licenses: Program-Specific Guidance About Self-Shielded Irradiator Li-censes [NUREG-1556, Volume 5, Revision 1] received July 9, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5946. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s NUREG revision — Consolidated Guidance About Materials Licenses: Program-Specific Guidance About Licenses Authorizing Dis-tribution to General Licensees [NUREG-1556, Volume 16, Revision 1] received July 23, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 5947. A letter from the Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pollock in Statistical Area 610 in the Gulf of Alaska [Docket No.: 160920866- 7167-02] (RIN: 0648-XF648) received August 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 5948. A letter from the Chief, Trade and Commercial Regulations Branch, U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s interim regulations — Refund of Alcohol Ex-cise Tax [Docket No.: USCBP-2018-0033] (RIN: 1515-AE39) received August 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. f PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. CULBERSON (for himself and Mr. P
OEof Texas): H.R. 6672. A bill to authorize the Daughters of the Republic of Texas to establish the Re-public of Texas Legation Memorial as a com-memorative work in the District of Colum-bia, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. By Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER: H.R. 6673. A bill to ensure that certain re-quirements are included before tolls can be collected on certain routes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. By Mr. SMITH of Missouri: H.R. 6674. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to permit kindergarten through grade 12 educational expenses to be paid from a 529 account; to the Committee on Ways and Means. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. CULBERSON: H.R. 6672. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER: H.R. 6673. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: Congress shall have Power to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. SMITH of Missouri: H.R. 6674. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Con-stitution of the United States. f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 334: Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 754: Mr. W
ALBERG , Mr. S MITH of Texas, and Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 762: Mr. T
HOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. C
HABOT , and Mr. B ACON . H.R. 795: Mr. F
OSTER . H.R. 1205: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 1542: Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio and Mr. K ELLY  of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1626: Mr. V
EASEY and Mrs. D EMINGS . H.R. 1818: Mrs. L
OWEY and Mr. B ILIRAKIS . H.R. 1881: Mr. P
OSEY . H.R. 2092: Mrs. W
AGNER and Mr. R EED. H.R. 2315: Mr. M
CEACHIN . H.R. 2392: Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 2472: Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts and Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas. H.R. 2532: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 2953: Ms. B
ORDALLO . H.R. 3730: Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama. H.R. 3738: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ and Mrs. D
EMINGS . H.R. 4022: Ms. B
ASSand Mrs. C AROLYN B. M
ALONEY of New York. H.R. 4417: Mr. H
ASTINGS and Mr. B UCHANAN . H.R. 4549: Mr. H
ULTGREN . H.R. 4691: Mr. S
CHWEIKERT . H.R. 4693: Mr. S
CHWEIKERT . H.R. 5141: Mr. H
OLLINGSWORTH and Mr. B
RADY of Texas. H.R. 5282: Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina. H.R. 5430: Mr. K
INGof New York. H.R. 5588: Mr. B
ERA. H.R. 5768: Mr. S
ERRANO . H.R. 6048: Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, Mr. S EAN P
ATRICK MALONEY of New York, and Mr. E
VANS . H.R. 6080: Ms. L
EE, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. S
UOZZI , Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. S
IRES, and Mr. Y ARMUTH . H.R. 6194: Mr. D
ONOVAN . H.R. 6224: Mr. E
SPAILLAT and Mr. S TEWART . H.R. 6239: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia and Mr. G
ALLEGO . H.R. 6252: Ms. M
OORE , Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. G
RIJALVA . H.R. 6273: Mr. M
ESSER . H.R. 6370: Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 6417: Mr. H
OLDING and Mr. E VANS . H.R. 6509: Mr. V
EASEY . H.R. 6545: Miss R
ICEof New York, Mr. H
ECK, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut, and Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 6609: Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD and Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 6611: Mr. S
ERRANO . H.R. 6633: Mr. P
OEof Texas and Mr. B ROOKS  of Alabama. H.R. 6643: Mr. C
UMMINGS , Mr. P ANETTA , Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Ms. D EGETTE , and Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.J. Res. 31: Mr. H
IGGINS of New York. H. Con. Res. 130: Mr. T
AKANO . H. Res. 993: Ms. D
EGETTE , Ms. D ELAURO , Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. V ALADAO , Ms. A
DAMS , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mrs. D AVIS of Cali- fornia, Mr. M
CEACHIN , and Mr. D OGGETT . H. Res. 1022: Ms. K
APTUR . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:39 Aug 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17AU7.004 H17AUPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1155 August 17, 2018 
HONORING ANNIE AVERY 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 17, 2018 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Annie Avery, the newly crowned Ms. Alabama Nursing Home 2018. Ms. Avery was the only African American among the top 10 finalists in the 35th annual pageant held at the Hyatt Regency Bir-mingham on Monday, July 30, 2018. She has lived at East Glen Center for Nursing and Re-habilitation for 6 months and has already es-tablished herself as a valuable leader at the facility. Born in New Orleans, Ms. Avery was a longtime resident of ‘‘The Big Easy,’’ grad-uating from Booker T. Washington High School in New Orleans. Later, she married James Avery, Jr. and together, the couple raised two sons. She is the grandmother of nine grandchildren, 29 great-grandchildren, and one great-great grandchild. In New Orleans, Ms. Avery served as a his-toric preservationist, community organizer, and motivational speaker. Ms. Avery’s passion for activism started at a young age. As a young woman, she coura-geously marched with Dr. King during the Civil Rights Movement in an effort to secure equal voting rights for all Americans. Her passion for equality and justice carried her through count-less missions in life and led her on numerous adventures. Some of her most cherished memories from her many adventures include a walk through Nelson Mandela’s prison cell during her visit to South Africa. She says that this moment af-fected her deeply because of ‘‘the spirit [she] felt knowing he served 27 years in those walls and his carvings on the walls.’’ Additionally, Ms. Avery says that her visit to a church in Savannah, Georgia that was built by slaves had a significant impact on her. When asked what the purpose of the holes on the church floor were, she stated that she ‘‘felt a body movement’’ because the holes were for the slaves’ breathing as they hid from slave hold-ers. Inspired by these experiences, Ms. Avery formed ‘Ladies in Red,’ an organization that recognizes women and the obstacles they have overcome in their lives. Ms. Avery served as the Director of the Afri-can American Heritage Preservation Council of the Preservation Resource Center in New Orleans, which was founded on the idea that African Americans needed to be stewards of their history. She also worked with the First Time Homebuyer’s Association, served as chairwoman of the Crescent City Peace Alli-ance, and as assistant director of the Come-back Alliance, an organization designed to purchase and renovate historic buildings. For all of her hard work and dedication, Ms. Avery was recognized as the 2002 Woman of the Year in New Orleans. Following Hurricane Katrina, Ms. Avery moved from New Orleans to Denver, Colo-rado. After a year and a half in Denver, she relocated to Birmingham to be near her son, Calvin, following his retirement. She has said that she likes Alabama, because she enjoys the local jazz and blues music and historic houses. She says it reminds her of her time in New Orleans. Today, Ms. Avery continues to be an inspi-ration to both the workers and the other resi-dents at East Glen, going so far as to estab-lish a ‘‘Ladies in Red’’ group at the nursing fa-cility. Ms. Avery says she hopes to establish as many groups as she can in nursing homes throughout Alabama, saying it brings her joy to make everyone feel welcome in her home. Additionally, Ms. Avery is a member of the community prayer line and is the Secretary of Resident Council at East Glen. The staff at East Glenn admire how Ms. Avery never al-lows her physical impairments to affect her personality or keep her from serving as an in-spiration to all at the facility. I am honored to congratulate Ms. Avery on being crowned Ms. Alabama Nursing Home 2018. Because of her impact at East Glen, her significant contributions to the community, and the respect and praise she receives from those close to her, I know that she is most de-serving of this remarkable and respected rec-ognition. For her exemplary accomplishments, I ask my colleagues to join me in paying tribute to the life and legacy of Annie Avery, an extraor-dinary resident of East Glen in Birmingham, Alabama. 
f 
HONORING JAMES KELLY 
HON. JOSH GOTTHEIMER 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 17, 2018 Mr. GOTTHEIMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of James Kelly, who celebrated his 90th birthday on July 20, 2018. James is known by his friends and neighbors in Tenafly as a deeply committed member of our com-munity. Always there for others, James is a dedicated father, husband, grandfather, and career police officer, who has devoted his life to keeping his community safe. People like James are what make North Jersey such a special place to live. Born in 1928 in Philadelphia, James moved to New York City with his family in his teenage years. In New York, James worked in his fam-ily’s grocery store, until joining the New York Police Department. In 1950, James married his adored wife Lorraine, with whom he en-joyed a loving marriage of fifty-eight years. With Lorraine, James raised three daughters, Pat, Adrienne, and Lisa, and now has seven grandchildren and one great grandchild. A lover of Jazz music and corny jokes, James always makes sure to entertain his entire fam-ily during each and every gathering. James continues to be an essential member of his family and community, and is cherished by all who know him. Mr. Speaker, I am deeply grateful for James Kelly’s invaluable contributions to our commu-nity and our country, and I am confident that he will continue to inspire everyone around him with his quick wit and abiding commitment to service. I congratulate James Kelly on his 90th birthday and wish him many more years of success and happiness. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF DR. DONALD E. CORNFORTH 
HON. DAVID G. VALADAO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 17, 2018 Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the retirement of Dr. Donald E. Cornforth, a Central Valley resident who pro-vided outstanding medical care to his commu-nity for over twenty years. Donald E. Cornforth was born in Media, Pennsylvania on November 2, 1942. In 1964, he completed his undergraduate degree at Colorado State University in Fort Collins, Colo-rado. Four years later, upon graduating from Loma Linda University School of Medicine, Mr. Cornforth began a year-long internship at Fitzsimons General Hospital. Following this in-ternship, Dr. Cornforth began his Radiology Residency at St. Joseph’s Hospital in Colo-rado and became certified by the American Board of Radiology in 1975. Dr. Donald Cornforth’s drive and dedication to help those in need was further dem-onstrated when, during his final year in med-ical school, he made the selfless decision to enlist in the United States Army. After five years of Active Duty, two of which were spent as a Radiologist at Ireland Army Hospital in Fort Knox, Kentucky, Major Cornforth was honorably discharged. Over the next fifteen years practicing radi-ology, Dr. Cornforth continuously proved him-self to be a fundamental leader within the medical community. During this time, Dr. Cornforth developed innovated services within his field and even brought his knowledge and services to Saudi Arabia for a teaching sab-batical. Additionally, Dr. Cornforth performed groundbreaking procedures including Colo-rado’s first percutaneous trans-renal kidney stone extraction and the world’s first percutaneous trans-renal UPJ endopyeloplasty. Then, in 1991, Dr. Cornforth brought his ex-pertise to the Central Valley as the President of San Joaquin Imaging Medical Associates in Bakersfield, California. Dr. Cornforth upheld his commitment to provide vital medical serv-ices to those in need while leading various practices throughout the Kern County. His most notable practice, Quest Imaging Medical Associates, Inc. became a permanent fixture of the San Joaquin Community Hospital in 2010, expanding access to these critical serv-ices throughout the community. Whether he was serving our country in the United States Army or serving those within our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:45 Aug 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17AU8.001 E17AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1156 August 17, 2018 
community, Dr. Cornforth has always provided care with the highest standard of excellence. Dr. Cornforth’s dedication to serving others ex-tends far beyond practicing medicine. In 2012, he and his wife, Edna, donated one million dollars for the cancer center at San Joaquin Community Hospital, its lobby now named the Cornforth Family Pavilion. Dr. and Mrs. Cornforth’s generosity to those in need is truly commendable and has made a lasting, posi-tive impact on the Central Valley community. Today, Dr. Cornforth retires from his prac-tice in Delano, Donald E. Cornforth, M.D., Inc., and from his position as Chief Medical Officer at the San Joaquin Community Hospital, where he also served as the head of their na-tionally recognized Stroke Center for three years. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in thanking Dr. Cornforth for his serv-ice to his country, the medical community, and the Central Valley. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE THOUSAND ISLANDS BRIDGE AUTHORITY ON ITS 80TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 17, 2018 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize the Thousand Islands Bridge Authority on its 80th anniversary. On August 18, 1938, President Franklin Roosevelt and Canadian Prime Minister Mac-kenzie King officially opened the Thousand Is-lands Bridge System, marking a key connec-tion between the North Country and Ontario. Made using 30,000 barrels of cement, 6,550 tons of steel, and 575,000 Canadian and American man hours, the system of five bridges covers 8.4 miles and serves over 2,000,000 vehicles annually in the Thousand Islands region of the St. Lawrence River. For 80 years, the Thousand Islands Bridge Sys-tem has not only served as a key economic route for American and Canadian businesses and tourists, but has also fostered the sharing of knowledge and culture between the United States and its important ally. On behalf of New York’s 21st District, I want to commemorate the Thousand Islands Bridge Authority and its 80 years of service to the North Country and Ontario. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF ARETHA FRANK-LIN, LEGENDARY PERFORMING ARTIST, CIVIL RIGHTS ACTIVIST, CULTURAL ICON, AND FIRST LADY AND QUEEN OF SOUL 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 17, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the extraordinary and consequential life of Aretha Franklin, the ‘‘First Lady and Queen of Soul.’’ Aretha Franklin passed away this morning at the age of 76 at her home in Detroit after waging a long and valiant battle against pan-creatic cancer. For more than a half-century the world was thrilled, inspired, and captivated by the scintil-lating presence and magical voice of the woman instantly known and recognizable the world over simply as ‘‘Aretha.’’ Born in 1942 in Memphis, Tennessee, Aretha’s family eventually relocated to Detroit, where she was raised and learned to sing. When Aretha was 10, her mother passed, and a number of women, including the leg-endary gospel singer Mahalia Jackson helped take care of Aretha and her siblings. It was around this time that Aretha started playing piano, singing and performing gospel songs at her father’s church in Detroit. On singing in church Aretha once remarked, ‘‘You have the ethereal feeling there. It is the house of the Lord. It is the Supreme Being. So there is no greater space to sing in than the church.’’ Aretha recorded a gospel album when she was just 14 and four years later signed with Columbia Records then Atlantic Records, where she achieved international recognition for internationally loved songs such as ‘‘Rock- a-Bye Your Baby with a Dixie Melody’’ and ‘‘Natural Woman.’’ Aretha’s music defined a modern female ar-chetype: sensual and strong, long-suffering but ultimately indomitable, loving but not to be taken for granted. Aretha’s contributions to music and pop cul-ture received several honors throughout her life. She won a total of 18 Grammy awards; the first in 1967 for ‘‘Respect.’’ Aretha’s ‘‘Respect,’’ the Otis Redding song that became her signature anthem, was never just about how a woman wanted to be greeted by a spouse coming home from work. It was a demand for equality and freedom and a harbinger of feminism, carried by the voice of a woman who would accept nothing less. Aretha’s rendition of ‘‘Respect’’ resonated beyond individual relationships to the civil rights, counterculture and feminism move-ments. As Aretha wrote in her autobiography, ‘‘It was the need of the nation, the need of the average man and woman in the street, the businessman, the mother, the fireman, the teacher—everyone wanted respect.’’ Aretha was later honored with a Grammys Legend Award in 1991 and a Lifetime Achievement Award in 1994. In 2014, Aretha reached a new milestone by becoming the first woman to have her 100th hit on Billboard’s Hot R&B and Hip-Hop Songs Chart. In a career spanning more than 50 years, Aretha’s performances marked certain pivotal moments in U.S. history. A longtime family friend of the Rev. Dr. Mar-tin Luther King Jr., she sang ‘‘Precious Lord’’ at the civil rights leader’s memorial service. Aretha was the first woman inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987. Aretha’s stirring rendition of the ‘‘Star Span-gled Banner’’ at the 1992 Democratic Conven-tion In New York City is considered one of the greatest of all time. Aretha performed ‘‘America (My Country ’Tis of Thee)’’ at the inauguration of President Barack Obama. And Aretha brought President Obama—and much of the audience—to tears six years later when she surprised Kennedy Center honoree Carole King with ‘‘Natural Woman’’ in 2015. Aretha’s legacy goes far beyond music. By the standards of Paradise Valley, the business district and entertainment center of a densely-populated African-American residen-tial area in Detroit, Aretha was a young woman of status and privilege. Nevertheless she suffered the same humil-iations as any black woman travelling through the South or venturing into the white precincts of Detroit. By the time of the murder of Emmett Till, in 1955, her father, Rev. C. L. Franklin had opened New Bethel Baptist Church to the movement, and, from his pulpit, he denounced segregation and white supremacy. When Dr. King came to Detroit, he stayed at the home of the Franklins. On June 23, 1963, Rev. C. L. Franklin helped Dr. King organize the ‘‘Walk to Free-dom,’’ the march of more than a hundred thousand people through downtown Detroit that set the stage for the March of Washington two months later. At Detroit’s Cobo Hall, Dr. King, acknowl-edging ‘‘my good friend’’ Rev. C. L. Franklin, delivered a speech filled with passages that would become world famous two months later when spoken at the March on Washington: ‘‘This afternoon I have a dream,’’ he told the crowd. ‘‘I have a dream,’’ that ‘‘little white chil-dren and little Negro children’’ will be ‘‘judged by the content of their character and not the color of their skin.’’ Dr. King later confided to Rev. C. L. Frank-lin, ‘‘Frank, I will never live to see forty.’’ At Dr. King’s funeral, in April, 1968, Aretha was asked to sing Thomas Dorsey’s ‘‘Precious Lord.’’ Aretha was now a central voice in both the black community, eclipsing her father, and in the musical world. In 1970, Aretha offered to post a $250,000 bond to free Angela Davis, the demonized black activist then being held on charges of conspiracy, kidnapping and murder—charges of which she was later acquitted. Quoted in Jet magazine at the time, Aretha said: ‘‘Angela Davis must go free. Black peo-ple will be free.’’ Mr. Speaker, it is easy to forget how un-usual this was in an era when Aretha’s Grammy-winning albums were still sold in seg-regated ‘‘race music’’ sections of record stores and when even the suggestion that a black woman might one day appear on the cover of September Vogue, as Beyonce´now does, would have seemed like a pipe dream. It is important, too, to note that wearing an Afro or the head wraps Aretha was early to adopt was once as risky a political statement as taking a knee would later become. And while many of her musical contem-poraries rarely ventured from their sartorial safe zones, Aretha remained boldly and exu-berantly unconstrained in her tastes, confident about demonstrating both her individuality and her economic might by doing as another pow-erful black woman, Oprah Winfrey, one day would. Mr. Speaker, Aretha was a musical, spir-itual, and cultural leader for America and around the world. Aretha exemplified the best of America— powerful, compassionate, fearless, and kind. Aretha personified the community from which she came: forever young, gifted, and black. Mr. Speaker, I ask the House to observe a moment of silence in memory of one of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:45 Aug 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17AU8.003 E17AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1157 August 17, 2018 
greatest performing artists in American history, the inimitable, indomitable, and irrepressible Aretha Franklin, the First Lady and Queen of Soul. 
f 
SOROS MUST STOP MEDDLING IN THE DEMOCRATIC PROCESS OF OTHER NATIONS 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 17, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, billionaire George Soros is undermining our democratic allies in Europe. For decades he has spent bil-lions of dollars financing activists, journalists, and politicians to challenge democratically elected leaders who do not prescribe to Mr. Soros’ left-wing worldview. His meddling in for-eign politics is far from a noble cause and should be discouraged. Mr. Soros has targeted much of his efforts on our NATO ally Hungary, where he opposes the policies of the democratically elected prime minister. By trying to subvert an elected leader, Mr. Soros and his network of well-paid activists are working against the will of the Hungarian people. Through his propaganda networks and so-called ‘‘policy institutes’’ he is trying to manipulate public opinion to support his left-wing causes and tarnish the image of our Hungarian allies. Like every sovereign democratic nation, Hungarians have the right to elect their own leaders and not be the target of some billion-aire’s schemes. Mr. Soros is even using his lavishly funded organizations to lobby other European states to pressure Hungary. This is unacceptable. We too, as an independent free nation, do not want big money or foreign influ-ences meddling in our political process. Mr. Soros must cease undermining our free-dom-loving allies. His foreign wealth should not afford him outsized influence to push his left-wing agenda on the people of Hungary. If we want money and foreign influence out of politics here, we must expect that wealthy Americans show the same respect abroad. And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS NATIONAL SPEECH AND DEBATE ASSOCIA-TION TEAM 
HON. GREGORIO KILILI CAMACHO SABLAN 
OF THE NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 17, 2018 Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to con-gratulate the 28 young men and women from the Northern Mariana Islands who competed laudably at this year’s National Speech and Debate Association National Tournament in Fort Lauderdale, Florida in June. Members of the Marianas team in both the junior and sen-ior divisions performed excellently, some even placing in the top 10 in the country. The Junior Team earned handsomely with Elaine Fernandez of Francisco Sablan Middle School and Jonathan Wolf of Dandan Middle School both making it to the finals and placing number five in the nation in their categories, Story Telling and Humorous Interpretation, re-spectively. Vladimir Palma of Hopwood Middle School placed in the semi-finals, finishing top eight in the nation. Placing in the quarter finals for the Junior Team were Jonathan and Lars Wolf, who fin-ished top 24 in the nation, with Jonathan also placing top 24 in Poetry Reading. Vladimir Palma placed top 30 in the nation in Prose Reading. The rest of Junior Team members per-formed excellently and included Patreisha Concillado and Elaine Fernandez from Fransisco Sablan Middle School; Dane Hodges and Cevina Huang from Saipan Inter-national School; Juliet Innocencio, Oceana and Issa Teigita from Dandan Middle School; Vivien Liu and Edgardo Palma from Hopwood Middle School; Jill Mallari from Mount Carmel School and Christian Pamintuan from Green Meadow School. On the Senior Team, Kate Ishida of Mari-anas High School placed in the semi-finals, earning number 12 in the nation in Poetry Reading. She also placed in the quarter finals in Prose Reading, finishing in the top seven percent in the nation. Elizabeth Rose Jones of Kagman High School placed in the quarter finals and earned number 15 in the nation in Expository Speech. Senior Team members who placed highly include Shea Hartig of Saipan International School who places in the top 17 percent in the nation for Impromptu Speech and top 38% percent in Poetry Reading. Su Min (Melody) Woo of Grace Christian Academy finished in the top 36 percent for Prose Reading. Nina Validismo of Kagman High School, Jeremiah Fernandez of Saipan Southern High School and Elijah Joshua Pajarillaga from Grace Christian Academy all placed in the top 40% in the nation in their respective categories: Story Telling for the two former and Im-promptu Speech for the later. The rest of the Senior Team members per-formed superbly and included Neamiah Fernandez from Saipan Southern High School; Jeff Melchor from Mount Carmel School; Es-ther Park, Kelvin Wolf, Joseph Zhang and Emma Timmons from Marianas High School; and Lanz Jabez Victoria from Grace Christian Academy. These young orators were able to compete at such a high level with the guidance of all their coaches. The Junior Team was coached by Criselda Aldan from Mount Carmel School, Cary Bertoncini from Saipan International School, Lorelisa Espiritu from Great Meadow School, Maria Mettao from Francisco Sablan Middle School, Victoria Nishida from Hopwood Middle School, and Kristine Wolf from Dandan Middle School. Junior team coordinator and CNMI Representative to NSDA was Harold Easton. The coaches for the Senior Team were Frank Borja from Saipan Southern High School, Grace Duran from Grace Christian Academy, Joy Jones from Kagman High School and Dencio Manglona from Marianas High School. In addition to their performances in competi-tion, the team was also able meet fellow ora-tors from the continental United States, at last connecting with a network of fellow students passionate about speech and debate. The team also made contact with colleges and uni-versities that especially recruit speech and de-bate students. Overall, it was a thoroughly en-riching experience. Please join me in congratulating the Mari-anas Team for their exceptional performances at the 2018 National Speech and Debate As-sociation National Tournament. f 
RECOGNIZING THE WHITAKER FOUNDATION 
HON. DONALD S. BEYER, JR. 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 17, 2018 Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Whitaker Foundation and its piv-otal role in developing the Biomedical Engi-neering Society (BMES), which is now in its 50th year. The Whitaker Foundation was founded in 1975 by Uncas A. Whitaker and other resi-dents of Arlington, VA. Since its inception, the Whitaker Foundation has nurtured educational opportunities at universities across the United States through grants, faculty recruitment, and new educational programs, including no fewer than 30 biomedical engineering programs. These programs have increased the size and diversity of our engineering workforce by at-tracting the broadest representation of stu-dents to the pursuit of biomedical engineering. BMES began in Atlantic City, NJ with a gathering of 83 founding scientists and engi-neers eager to make an impact upon medical care and human health. Since then, BMES has nurtured new disciplines within engineer-ing, biomedical engineering, and bio-engineering, which have led to new industries, career opportunities, and educational pro-grams across the globe. We honor the Whitaker Foundation today for its investment in BMES as we also celebrate BMES’s 50th anniversary. In promoting BMES, the Whitaker Foundation created a permanent home for the educational and career develop-ment of biomedical engineers nationwide and promoted the development of biomedical engi-neering as the distinct discipline it is today. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 100TH BIRTHDAY OF DELIMA ‘‘DEL’’ GENARD 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 17, 2018 Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Delima ‘‘Del’’ Genard, a resident of Acushnet, Massachusetts, who turns 100 years young on August 18th. Del was born in Thetford Mines, Quebec, Canada in 1918 to parents Cesaire and Rose Anna Darcy. She was one of six children, with four brothers and one sister. Her family moved to the United States when she was an infant. During the Great Depression, Del left school in the 6th grade and began working to help sup-port her family. In 1939, Del became a United States Cit-izen, and two years later she married Alcide Genard on November 20, 1941. She was a devoted and loving stay-at-home mother to their three children: Priscilla, Robert, and Flor-ence. During World War II, Del took care of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:45 Aug 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17AU8.005 E17AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1158 August 17, 2018 
her family while her husband was deployed overseas. Then, in 1957 she returned to work as a seamstress until retiring at the age of 62. In her free time, she enjoyed dancing the Quadrille, attending Whiss parties at church, going to the movies, attending clambakes, and going for long walks. Today she can be found playing cards and bingo, doing puzzles, and going on day trips with friends. Above all, she enjoys spending time with her growing family. Family is incred-ibly important to Del, who has 18 grand-children, 31 great-grandchildren, and four great-great-grandchildren. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor Delima ‘‘Del’’ Genard on this joyous occasion of her 100th birthday. I ask that my colleagues join me in wishing her many more years of health and happiness. 
f 
HONORING THE QUEENS JEWISH COMMUNITY COUNCIL’S 50TH AN-NIVERSARY 
HON. GRACE MENG 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 17, 2018 Ms. MENG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, to recognize the 50th anniversary of the Queens Jewish Community Council (QJCC), an organi-zation that serves as a non-political, non-par-tisan body for communication and action for the residents and organizations of Queens. Since it opened its doors in January of 1968, the QJCC has been a tireless advocate, and dedicated in its service to, the Greater Jewish community in the borough of Queens. Mr. Speaker, I believe that thanks in part to the tremendous efforts and commitment of the board members’ staff and volunteers led by Executive Director Cynthia Zalisky and Presi-dent Michael Nussbaum, the QJCC has truly established itself as a beacon of chesed in our local Queens community. Unwavering in its advocacy, the QJCC continues to fight for those in need, especially the many families who are battling hunger and poverty. Each year more than one-thousand of the Jewish poor, elderly and homeless turn to the QJCC for its limitless compassion and support serv-ices. The Queens Jewish Community Council has not only cultivated a reputation for investing in its community, but also for being able to pro-vide social services to those in need to im-prove their quality of life regardless of race, creed, age, religion, color, disability, national origin, sex or marital status. Responding to the needs of its community, QJCC provides immi-grant services, kosher meals-on-wheels, a food pantry, medical insurance facilitation, do-mestic violence counseling, and much more. Through this multitude of top-notch program-ming focusing on the economic, social and cultural well-being of the Jewish Community, the QJCC has established itself as a leading voice for its local constituency. I am proud to stand to commemorate the Queens Jewish Community Council’s 50th an-niversary. I look forward to seeing what the fu-ture will bring for this trailblazing organization. COMMEMORATING 83RD ANNIVER-SARY OF SOCIAL SECURITY ACT OF 1935 HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 17, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to commemorate the 83rd anniversary of the passage of the landmark Social Security Act of 1935, the most famous of the New Deal measures and perhaps the most beneficial and consequential government program in American history. On August 14, 1935, President Franklin Delano Roosevelt signed into law the Social Security Act of 1935 and made good on the Democratic Party’s commitment to provide in-come security to Americans in their old age. Social Security has transformed what it means to grow old in this country. For 83 years, Social Security has rep-resented a bedrock promise to the American people: that a lifetime of work will be rewarded with the peace of mind, certainty, and sense of security of a stable retirement. As we celebrate the 83rd anniversary of the Social Security Act of 1935, we should reflect also on the real-life transformative impact America’s most successful program continues to have on millions of Americans each year. Social Security has been a stable and se-cure source of income for millions of seniors and families, many of whom desperately need it, over these last more than seven decades. In the 18th Congressional District of Texas, Social Security is the primary economic lifeline for more than 91,000 seniors and disabled persons. Social Security’s economic impact also goes well beyond the seniors and families receiving benefits. It also benefits state economies and local businesses all across the country. In the 18th Congressional District of Texas, Social Security recipients inject more than $97 million into the local economy annually; nation-wide, this figures is $775 billion. When more than 58 million Americans use the purchasing power of those benefits, they are supporting businesses with dollars they would not have without Social Security. It is shameful that there are congressional Republicans who continue to promote various plans to privatize or partially privatize Social Security—plans that would rob seniors of the economic security they count on. Over the last 83 years, House Democrats have protected and strengthened Social Secu-rity; and now and in the future, House Demo-crats will always act to preserve Social Secu-rity and safeguard the rights of our nation’s seniors. And as we look to the future, we can cele-brate that what was put in place in 1935 with the Social Security Act of 1935 has given us the foundation for a secure and prosperous fu-ture for all Americans. RUSSIA STILL OCCUPIES GEOR-GIAN TERRITORY 10 YEARS LATER HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 17, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 10 years ago, Russian tanks rolled across the border into the independent nation of Georgia. I was there and saw the little green men with my own eyes. After five days of bloody fighting, with thousands of innocent Georgians dis-placed from their homes, the conflict ended with a pledge by Russia to pull back its forces. Ten years later, however, Moscow’s troops remain on Georgian territory, occupying a third of the country. The Kremlin claims these Rus-sian troops in Georgia are just noble peace-keepers, but this is a bold-faced lie. They are a heavily armed battle-group waiting to pro-voke tiny Georgia into another fight. They rou-tinely engage in ‘‘creeping occupation,’’ slowly taking more and more territory by moving the border line in the dark of night. They have committed horrific human rights abuses against the Georgian people, often harassing civilians and denying Georgians the ability to move about their country freely. The continued presence of Russian troops on Georgian soil presents a major violation of international law, setting a precedent for other rogue regimes to follow. America’s response at the time was con-demnation and sanctions but this proved insuf-ficient to fully deter future aggression. Only years later, the Obama administration re-moved the punishing sanctions against Russia as part of its foolish ‘‘reset’’ with the Kremlin. We now know this demonstration of weakness only encouraged further aggression from Rus-sia, with it again invading a neighboring state in 2014. This time, it seized and annexed Cri-mea from Ukraine, another independent sov-ereign state that Russia had sworn to respect. After 10 years of illegal occupation of Geor-gian territory, we need to do more to help our Georgian friends resist the Russian bear. Fol-lowing the collapse of the Soviet Union, Geor-gia emerged as a beacon of hope in a region full of turmoil and corruption. This is exactly why Russia invaded. Russia hoped to break this beacon of hope 10 years ago, but Georgia has remained defiant. We must be defiant with our friends to prevent further acts of aggres-sion and hopefully begin to reverse Moscow’s deadly expansionism. As co-chair of the Congressional Georgia Caucus, I have long seen that major vulnerabilities remain that Russia could ex-ploit. While military cooperation and training has improved significantly, Georgia still lacks the technology and resources to realistically deter and defend itself from future Russian ag-gression. Georgia is a small country, with a GDP around $14 billion. It cannot afford to compete with the might of the Russian military alone. That is why I have introduced H.R. 6219, the Georgia Support Act, with my Geor-gia Caucus co-chair, Rep. C
ONNOLLY . Through this important bill, we hope to significantly en-hance Georgia’s ability to combat and deter Moscow’s wicked activities. Putin must be shown that his dream of re-building the Soviet Empire is impossible. And we must show our freedom loving friends 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:45 Aug 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17AU8.009 E17AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1159 August 17, 2018 
around the globe that America is ready and able to stand with them in the face of foreign oppression. The Georgian people have shown they will fight for their freedom, even against overwhelming odds. And while the Kremlin be-lieves that it has prevented Georgia’s aspira-tions of joining NATO by seizing its territory, we can send a signal that their victory is hol-low. The days of conquering your neighbor are over. As cunning as Putin may be, he will never be Napoleon. Georgia is still on the path towards greater integration with the West. Georgia will remain free and prosperous. And Russia will find itself isolated and full of regret for ever following Putin’s foolish ambition. And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
LOSS OF MONTCLAIR MAYOR PAUL M. EATON 
HON. NORMA J. TORRES 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 17, 2018 Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart that I rise today to announce that on July 21st, the City of Montclair in my dis-trict experienced the great loss of Mayor Paul M. Eaton, a gracious public servant who de-voted 48 years of his life to serving the people of Montclair through government. Mayor Eaton was raised in San Diego County’s City of El Cajon, where his father owned a septic tank business. His time spent helping his father operate a tractor and equip-ment for the family business instilled in Eaton a lifelong love for machines and inspired him to live out the business’ slogan: ‘‘Ask Your Neighbor!’’ Eaton’s passion for the Montclair community began in 1965 when he and his wife, Ginger, moved to the Inland Empire. The two began their service at Bethany Baptist church and at the Ontario-Montclair School District volun-teering with elementary students. In 1970, Eaton began his career in public service as a founding, appointed member of Montclair’s Community Action Committee. The reputation he earned in this position for his commitment to advocating for Montclair residents resulted in his appointment to the Montclair Planning Commission four years later, which he served on until becoming a City Council member in 1988. Following Mayor Larry Rhinehart’s sudden departure, Eaton was unanimously installed into the position by his fellow City Council members. He served as the city’s leader for 23 consecutive years, totaling nearly six terms in office, and becoming the longest serving mayor in Montclair history. His greatest achievements included constructing a state-of- the-art police facility and Youth and Senior Centers, widening Central Avenue on the I–10 Freeway, making critical improvements to the Mission Boulevard and Hold Corridors, and ensuring future service to the Montclair Transcenter for the Gold Line light rail service. Mayor Eaton’s decades of unwavering devo-tion to the city he loved has resulted in a well- deserved and honorable title of Mayor Emer-itus of Montclair, an accolade bestowed upon him by his city council colleagues following his passing. For his exemplary life of service, Mr. Speak-er, it is on the House floor an honor to recog-nize Mayor Paul M. Eaton. His decades of commitment and contributions to the City of Montclair are worthy of admiration, and his memory will live on through the countless lives he has impacted. Mayor Eaton is survived by his wife and current mayor of Montclair, Gin-ger Eaton, their four children, nine grand-children, and 14 great-grandchildren. May he rest in peace. f 
CONGRATULATING HARRISON FRANK OF THE RUSSELLVILLE INDIANS 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 17, 2018 Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating Harrison Frank of the Russellville Indians for his first-place finish in the 800m Run at the 2018 Missouri Class 2 State Track and Field Championship. Harrison and his coach should be com-mended for all of their hard work throughout this past year and for bringing home the state championship to their school and community. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing Harrison Frank for a job well done. 
f 
HONORING THE LAKE GEORGE LAND CONSERVANCY ON ITS 30TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 17, 2018 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize the Lake George Land Conservancy’s 30th Anniversary. Since its founding in 1988, the Lake George Land Conservancy has been integral to con-servation efforts in the Lake George region. A not-for-profit land trust, LGLC works with land-owners and many community partners to pre-serve natural resources and protect the water quality and beauty of Lake George. As true stewards of the land, LGLC also works to re-store local ecology, combat invasive species, control erosion around the lake, and maintain over 35 miles of trails. Without the hard work and dedication of LGLC’s members, the public could not take advantage of the many oppor-tunities that Lake George offers today. On behalf of New York’s 21st District, I want to thank the Lake George Land Conservancy for 30 years of hard work and dedication to improving the Lake George community. I look forward to watching them continue to succeed for many years to come. 
f 
CONGRATULATING CHARLES HAWES FOR BEING NAMED 2018 U.P. VETERAN OF THE YEAR 
HON. JACK BERGMAN 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 17, 2018 Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Speaker, it’s my honor to recognize Charles Hawes for being named the 2018 U.P. Veteran of the Year. Through his dedicated service, exceptional leadership, and steadfast devotion to his community, Charles has become an indispensable part of the Upper Peninsula of Michigan. The U.P. Veteran of the Year is chosen an-nually by a selection committee consisting of past commanders of various service organiza-tions throughout the peninsula. It is given to recognize Yooper Veterans who go above and beyond in their service to their local commu-nities and fellow Veterans. None are more de-serving of this honor than Charles Hawes. During his military career, Charles served as an E–5 Second Class Petty Officer in the United States Navy, where he was decorated with the National Defense Service Medal, Viet-nam Service Medal with Fleet Marine Force Combat Operations Insignia, and Republic of Vietnam Campaign Medal with Device. His de-votion to the people of his country and com-munity has not wavered since he returned from military service. It is impossible to fully list all the ways in which Charles works to better the lives of U.P. Veterans. He currently serves as the chaplain for VFW District 14 and junior vice com-mander of VFW Post 6 in Marquette, having served as its commander previously. He vol-unteers at American Legion Post 44 by orga-nizing bingo at the Marquette County Fair and participating in Memorial Day and Flag Day ceremonies. At the D.J. Jacobetti Home for Veterans in Marquette, Charles assists at nu-merous Veterans’ breakfasts throughout the year and works with the Vietnam Veterans of America, Chapter 380, with its annual dinner dance and picnic for Jacobetti residents. He serves as a mentor at DAV Chapter 22, where he is an essential volunteer at its annual membership drive and a top fundraiser for its Forget-Me-Not Program. He is also a founding member of the Marquette County Veterans Al-liance. Charles has devoted decades to the people of Michigan, and his tireless efforts have directly improved the lives of thousands of U.P. Veterans. Outside of his work with Veterans organiza-tions, Charles is an active volunteer with the Society of St. Vincent de Paul in Marquette and is the former Assistant Scout Master for BSA Troop 302. His contributions to his com-munity were also previously recognized when he was named the 2017 Marquette County Veteran of the Year. As a servicemember, a Veteran, a volunteer, a father, and a Yooper, Charles consistently puts the needs of others before his own. He was honored as the 2018 Upper Peninsula Veteran of the Year at a ceremony during the U.P. State Fair in Esca-naba on August 16th. Mr. Speaker, it’s my honor to congratulate Charles Hawes for his decades of service to fellow Michigan Veterans and for being named the 2018 Upper Peninsula Veteran of the Year. Michiganders can take great pride in knowing the First District is home to such a selfless and devoted individual. On behalf of my constituents, I wish Charles all the best in his future endeavors. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:45 Aug 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17AU8.012 E17AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1160 August 17, 2018 
WE MUST STAND UP TO IRAN’S PROXIES IN IRAQ 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 17, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Iran is con-tinuing its march across the Middle East. At this moment, it is consolidating its gains in Yemen, Syria, Lebanon, Bahrain, and Iraq. Through its network of violent proxies, it is ex-erting influence to subject millions to the will of the mullahs in Tehran and to launch terrorist attacks against us and our allies. Iran’s sec-tarian proxies are sowing division across the region through their brutal rule, giving Sunni extremists like al-Qaeda and ISIS an oppor-tunity to recruit among the oppressed. Wher-ever there is weak governance in the Middle East, Iran moves to expand its conquests and challenge the rule of law. Currently, Iraq is particularly vulnerable to Iran’s proxy subversion. The country is at-tempting to rebuild—with our help—after years of battling ISIS. Hundreds of thousands still re-main displaced from their homes and the dam-age to the country’s infrastructure is immense. Yet despite ISIS’s defeat on the battlefield and the liberation of all major towns and cities, cor-ruption and Iranian meddling present major obstacles towards allowing Iraq to heal. Ira-nian-backed militias are not disbanding, but in-stead are controlling territory, infiltrating gov-ernment institutions, and attempting to seize political power. They do not respect democ-racy or care for the interests of average Iraqis. These proxies serve only the goals of their masters in Tehran who want to keep their neighbor weak. Their presence undermines the Iraqi government’s authority and ultimately hinders reconciliation amongst the country’s religious sects. After President Obama foolishly withdrew our forces in 2011, it was these thugs and their Iranian patrons who filled the void, cre-ating the sectarian conditions for Iraq to un-ravel and ISIS to be born. We must not allow this to happen again. By working to restore Iraqi sovereignty and diminish the power of Iran’s agents, we can prevent ISIS from re-turning and another generation of Americans having to go fight in the Middle East. Unfortunately, Iran’s proxies in Iraq are gaining power and despite legislation to target these groups, our own State Department is getting in the way. For too long they have tried diplomatic niceties to urge Iraqis to stand up to their countrymen who are doing Tehran’s bidding. But this method is failing as Iranian- backed groups such as Asaib Ahl al-Haq win more seats in Iraq’s parliament. Al-Haq is a militia group that has killed dozens of Ameri-cans, Iraqis, Kurds, and Syrians, yet no one will stand up to them—not even our foreign service officers. It’s time to stop doing a dance with the devils in Iraq and Iran, and send a clear message that these groups should be designated as terrorists and cast out of the halls of power in Baghdad. If we do not, the future of Iraq as a strong independent nation is in jeopardy. Iranian-controlled militias, like Asaib Ahl al- Haq and their comrades in Harakat Hezbollah Al-Nujaba must be targeted so that those free-dom-loving Iraqis who hope to rebuild their country can see that America stands with them. Already we are seeing in the streets of southern Iraq that some Iraqis are dem-onstrating courage in the face of Iran’s prox-ies. They, like the Iranian people, are demand-ing that the mullahs’ corruption be removed from their country. The era of bending the knee to Tehran is over. And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 75TH ANNIVER-SARY OF HOLLIN HALL VILLAGE 
HON. DONALD S. BEYER, JR. 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 17, 2018 Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 75th anniversary of the Hollin Hall Village neighborhood in Fairfax County. This historic milestone is a testament to the strength and spirit of both Fairfax County and Northern Virginia. The neighborhood of Hollin Hall Village was established in 1943 under the leadership of developer John McPherson, Sr., who believed in the future of both the community and Fair-fax County. During the 1950s, the fledgling Hollin Hall Village witnessed an explosion of home development and expansion. Since then, generations of residents have called Hollin Hall Village their home and enjoyed the small-town feel located just 10 miles south of Washington, D.C. Today, Hollin Hall Village is a community of approximately 700 single-family homes and businesses located in Fairfax County’s Mount Vernon District. Hollin Hall Village contains two shopping centers with community staples and specialty stores, a seniors’ center, Mount Vernon Park, and a baseball field that count-less little league teams call home. A community’s health can be judged by its level of civic engagement. The Hollin Hall Vil-lage Citizen’s Association brings together locals who faithfully volunteer to support their community, represent their neighborhood at County meetings, and serve on County boards and committees. Thanks to those efforts, Hollin Hall Village has grown and thrived while maintaining the small-town feeling that early residents envisioned. Mr. Speaker, Virginia’s 8th Congressional District remains one of the best places in the country in which to live, work, and raise a fam-ily. Behind this achievement are generations of individuals who have, in the spirit of Hollin Hall Village’s founders, worked tirelessly to maintain the area’s undeniable charm. I com-mend the Hollin Hall Village Citizen’s Associa-tion for its work and congratulate the citizens of Hollin Hall Village for reaching this historic milestone. I ask my colleagues to join me in wishing them great success in their future en-deavors. 
f 
HONORING DEPUTY MARSHAL JOSHUA KATZ 
HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 17, 2018 Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the heroic action of Deputy Marshal Joshua Katz, a law enforcement officer in Log Lane Village, CO. On August 3rd, while Deputy Katz was on duty, he received a call from dispatch regard-ing a man found unconscious in the town of Log Lane Village. Katz quickly arrived on the scene and noticed a needle in the man’s arm. It was later discovered that the man had overdosed on a combination of heroin and fentanyl. Utilizing the training that he had re-ceived on drug overdose prevention, Katz ad-ministered Narcan nasal spray and performed rescue breathing until an ambulance arrived— actions which likely saved the man’s life. The use of opioids is a growing issue and Eastern Colorado has been increasingly harmed by the scourge of opioid addiction. This is why our communities rely on the train-ing of our first responders and law enforce-ment officers. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to join the people of Log Lane Village in thanking Deputy Mar-shal Joshua Katz for his courage, quick-think-ing, and dedication to protecting our commu-nity. f 
HONORING GOLDEN VALLEY HEALTH CENTERS 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 17, 2018 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Golden Valley Health Centers in honor of National Health Center Week. Since 1972, Golden Valley Health Centers have served the people of the San Joaquin Valley with integrity and honor. During that time, they have been guided by their mission to improve the health of patients regardless of language, financial, or cultural barriers, and exemplified the bene-fits that health centers provide to local com-munities. Golden Valley Health Centers provide af-fordable, comprehensive primary and preven-tive care to underserved communities with their 32 clinics throughout Merced, Stanislaus, and San Joaquin Counties. Their team of over 900 people includes physicians, nurse practi-tioners, behavior health specialists, physician assistants, and certified nurse midwives, all of whom advance the mission and vision of Golden Valley Health Centers through the var-ious essential care services they provide. Golden Valley Health Centers have proved it is possible to overcome barriers to healthcare access, such as geography, in-come, and insurance status. In doing so, health centers, such as Golden Valley, im-prove health care outcomes while, at the same time, reducing the costs of health care. These health centers provide services vital to the public health of our valley and nation, in-cluding healthcare for our veterans, natural disaster response, and mental health care to help battle the opioid epidemic. It has been an honor to work alongside Golden Valley Health Centers to ensure access to quality, affordable health for constituents throughout my district. Furthermore, Golden Valley, like most health centers, is governed by patient-majority boards and locally owned and operated, en-suring that patients are engaged in their own health care decisions. With local control, health centers often serve as critical economic 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:45 Aug 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17AU8.017 E17AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1161 August 17, 2018 
engines that generate essential revenue for local communities, including those in Califor-nia’s San Joaquin Valley. During National Health Center Week, we celebrate the legacy of America’s health cen-ters, and their vital role in shaping the past, present, and future of America’s health care system. I encourage all Americans to take part in this week by visiting their local health center and celebrating the important partnership be-tween America’s health centers and the com-munities they serve. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Golden Valley Health Centers for their work to provide quality health care for the communities of the San Joaquin Valley. It is both fitting and appropriate that we honor them and recognize the role they play in main-taining the wellbeing of our communities dur-ing National Health Center Week. 
f 
HONORING TECHNICAL SERGEANT SALLY PANZAR, U.S. AIR FORCE, ON HER RETIREMENT AFTER NEARLY 25 YEARS OF SERVICE TO THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
HON. SCOTT PERRY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 17, 2018 Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, today I offer my heartfelt congratulations to Sally Panzar, a resident of York Haven, Pennsylvania, on her upcoming retirement after nearly 25 years of service to the United States of America. Technical Sergeant Panzar currently serves as the Unit Training Manager and Unit Deploy-ment Manager at the 193 Special Operations Wing Logistics Squadron. She entered the United States Air Force in 1993, and served in numerous assignments, to include humani-tarian missions such as TROPICARE 2013, as well as Turkey and Saudi Arabia during Oper-ation Northern Watch and Operation Southern Watch, respectively. Her numerous commendations and awards, including the Air Force Commendation Medal, the Air Force Achievement Medal, the National Defense Service Medal and others, are a tes-tament to her steadfast courage, personal in-tegrity, dedication, and impeccable character. Her enduring legacy of service to our Nation is truly exceptional and sets a standard for all to follow. On behalf of Pennsylvania’s Fourth Con-gressional District, I commend and congratu-late my fellow soldier, Technical Sergeant Sally Panzar, upon her retirement and for her tireless service to the United States of Amer-ica. 
f 
HONORING THE CITY OF SANTA ROSA’S 150TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 17, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the City of Santa Rosa in California’s Fifth Congressional District as we celebrate the city’s 150th anniversary. Santa Rosa was officially incorporated in 1868 as the third city in Sonoma County. Cur-rently, the city has a population of over 175,000 residents living within its 41.5 square miles. Santa Rosa is the largest city in the North Bay and the fifth most populous city in the San Francisco Bay Area and the 28th most populous in California. Santa Rosa is known to be one of the great centers of Cali-fornia’s viticulture community. The city and its surrounding region is home to hundreds of wineries, big and small, which play a central and dominant role in our region’s tourism in-dustry. Santa Rosa has a vibrant arts community and has been the setting of numerous films for many decades. Our town’s historic buildings have been backdrops for movies including Shadow of a Doubt, Pollyanna, Peggy Sue Got Married and Cheaper by the Dozen. The city is also home to the Summer Repertory Theater, Santa Rosa Symphony, Sonoma County Philharmonic and many other world- class arts organizations. Santa Rosa is also known for being the home of Santa Rosa Junior College (SRJC), one of the most renowned community colleges in California and the whole of the United States. SRJC is an important institution in our city that serves recent high school graduates and people who are continuing their education alike. Santa Rosa has been home to numerous significant Americans for over a century. Re-nowned horticulturalist Luther Burbank, ac-tress Natalie Wood and nationally celebrated cartoonist Charles M. Schultz all called Santa Rosa home at one point during their lives. Mr. Burbank summed up the beauty and special character of Santa Rosa as ‘‘the chosen spot of all this earth as far as Nature is con-cerned.’’ Mr. Speaker, the City of Santa Rosa is the home of prominent historical and cultural as-sets. It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor its 150th anniversary here today. f 
CONGRATULATING THE NEHEMIAH PROJECT FOR 30 YEARS OF SERVICE IN NORTHERN MICHI-GAN 
HON. JACK BERGMAN 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 17, 2018 Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Speaker, it’s my honor to recognize the Nehemiah Project on the oc-casion of its 30th anniversary. Through excep-tional leadership and steadfast devotion to their community, the men and women of the Nehemiah Project have become indispensable parts of Michigan’s First District. Named after the biblical man who helped re-build Jerusalem, the Nehemiah Project has worked for three decades to help those in need rebuild the broken parts of their lives. The group was formed in 1988 after several area churches came together to create a non-denominational ministry to help Northern Michigan’s homeless and opened their first shelter, the Nehemiah House, in Petoskey. Since then, the group has opened three other locations nearby: the Mary Margaret House, which accommodates women and children; the Grace House, a transitional apartment; and Hope Hall, which is used as office space for Nehemiah staff. Hope Hall also serves as a warming area in the winter and houses Bible study sessions and classes on job and com-puter skills, budgeting, and parenting. Over the last 30 years, the Nehemiah Project’s focus on community, self-fulfillment, and moti-vation have directly improved the lives of hun-dreds of Michiganders that have fallen on hard times. In honor of its 30th anniversary, the Ne-hemiah Project will host an open house from noon to 3 p.m. on Sunday, August 19, at its 36 Bridge Street location in Petoskey. Mr. Speaker, it’s my honor to recognize the administrators and volunteers of the Nehemiah Project for three decades of excellence in service to the people of Northern Michigan. Michiganders can take great pride in knowing the First District is home to such a dedicated and selfless group of people. On behalf of my constituents, I wish the Nehemiah Project all the best in its future endeavors. f 
CELEBRATING RAPOPORT ACADEMY’S 20TH 
HON. BILL FLORES 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 17, 2018 Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and celebrate Rapoport Academy’s 20- year milestone of educating economically dis-advantaged students in Waco, Texas. Rapoport Academy focuses on serving its student population by providing an exceptional education that prepares them for college, ca-reer, and life. It is an honor to represent Rapoport Academy, as well as its staff, stu-dents, and families in the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives. Under the leadership of Dr. Nancy Grayson, East Waco Innovative School Development, Inc., now known as Rapoport Academy, was awarded a charter by the Texas State Board of Education in March 1998. The Academy opened as a public charter school in the fall of 1998 for pre-kindergarten through second grade. The school has since expanded in both size and grade levels, and currently has over 850 students enrolled. In 2003, middle school classes were added, and in 2006, the Academy was awarded a second charter to develop a high school. The high school was awarded both the Texas Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math (T–STEM), and the Texas Early College High School (ECHS) designations as part of the Texas High School Project through the Com-munities Foundation of Texas, which is funded by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and the Michael and Susan Dell Foundation. For 20 years, Rapoport Academy has fol-lowed six core values: Respect, Responsibility, Integrity, Curiosity, Creativity and Hard Work. The staff, teachers, and students at the Acad-emy are committed to these values, and they encourage one another to strive for them. Mr. Speaker, please join me in commemo-rating Rapoport Academy for reaching this noteworthy 20-year milestone while preparing students to reach their full potential, discover their passions, embrace diversity, and become independent thinkers. I have requested that a United States flag be flown over the United States Capitol to honor Rapoport Academy’s 20th anniversary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:45 Aug 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17AU8.020 E17AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1162 August 17, 2018 
I urge all Americans to continue praying for our country during these difficult times, for our military men and women who protect us from external threats, and for our first responders who protect us here at home. 
f 
NATIONAL HEALTH CENTER WEEK 
HON. MICHAEL F. DOYLE 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 17, 2018 Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize National Health Center Week and commend Commu-nity Health Centers for their important role in America’s health care system. For over 50 years, Community Health Cen-ters have provided high-quality, affordable, comprehensive primary and preventive health care in our nation’s underserved communities, delivering value to, and having a significant impact on, our health care system. Today, Community Health Centers serve as primary care for more than 27 million Ameri-cans in rural and urban areas. Often, these Health Centers are the only accessible and dependable source of primary care in their communities. In Pennsylvania, Community Health Centers serve more than 800,000 pa-tients at more than 300 sites every year. In Pittsburgh alone, there are seven different Health Center organizations that serve over 44,000 patients at 33 delivery sites, including mobile health clinics. These Health Centers provide access to a variety of primary care services such as vision, oral, and behavioral health, as well as preventative care services for chronic illnesses such as diabetes, asthma, heart and lung disease, cancer, and HIV/ AIDS. Community Health Centers also help the American economy by generating $24 billion in savings for our health care system annually. Their facilities offer care for patients outside of the emergency rooms and hospitals which place a greater financial burden on our health care system. Health Centers also generate $45.6 billion in economic impact in areas with slower economic growth and employ more than 200,000 physicians, nurses, and staff across the country. Congress has spent a great part of the past year debating the future of our nation’s health care system. Despite uncertainty about the Af-fordable Care Act and instability surrounding our health care markets, Community Health Centers have remained a core source of care for low-income Americans and underserved populations. It is with their help that we can make affordable, high-quality healthcare ac-cessible for all Americans regardless of geog-raphy, income, and insurance status. It is also with their help that we will overcome our na-tion’s most pressing health crises such as the opioid epidemic, public health threats, and care for veterans. I encourage all Americans to observe Na-tional Health Center Week by visiting their local Health Centers, learning about their serv-ices, and thanking the Health Center staff in their communities. I believe the best way to recognize National Health Center Week is to support full funding for Community Health Centers and to advo-cate for programs which help patients to ac-cess their services. I will continue to support Community Health Centers and I hope my col-leagues will join me. 
f 
HONORING PENNGROVE COMMUNITY CHURCH 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 17, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the 120 years of service that Penngrove Community Church has pro-vided to Penngrove, California and our sur-rounding community. The Penngrove Community Church started in 1897 when the Thompson brothers came to hold revival meetings. After conducting church meetings in the Eagle School building, a church was eventually built half a mile from Penngrove. In 1910, the church was moved closer to town and placed on its current site on Oak Street. In 1937, the church changed its denominational affiliation to Congregational Church and adopted the name it has today. In the 1950s, Penngrove Community Church was affiliated with the United Church of Christ and later, became the independent community church that it is today. Penngrove Community Church has several local missions and remains deeply involved in our community. The Redwood Gospel Mission provides homeless shelters, facilitates food drives and holds school supply drives for chil-dren. The Intervarsity Christian Fellowship, which is affiliated with the Penngrove Commu-nity Church, serves students at Santa Rosa Junior College and Sonoma State University. The church is also affiliated with Mt. Gilead Bible Camp and Conference Center. Penngrove Community Church is a member of City Ministries of Petaluma, a non-profit infor-mal prayer group. Penngrove Community Church is a host for Committee On The Shelterless, a nationally recognized program that provides living space for homeless families with children and helps them secure housing. The church holds an after school bible study at Penngrove School and holds an Annual Women’s Tea and an Annual Aebleskiver Breakfast. They also as-sist with the Penngrove Social Firemen with an annual gift giving to needy families in the community. The church donates to Partners International Harvest of Hope, a mission to provide a practical solution to poverty in some of the poorest nations in the world. Mr. Speaker, Penngrove Community Church is an important pillar in our community. It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor its 120th anniversary here today. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:45 Aug 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17AU8.024 E17AUPT1
D923 Friday, August 17, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate was not in session and stands ad-journed until 3 p.m., on Monday, August 20, 2018. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 3 public bills, H.R. 6672–6674, were introduced.
     Page H7756 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H7756 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Poe (TX) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H7755 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rev. Gary Studniewski, St. Peter’s Catholic Church, Washington, DC.
                 Page H7755 
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no yea-and-nay votes, and there were no recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-journed at 9:03 a.m. Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, AUGUST 20, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:45 Aug 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17AU8.REC D17AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD924 August 17, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, August 20 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration of H.R. 6157, Department of Defense Appropriations Act, and vote on or in relation to McConnell (for Menen-dez/Murkowski) Amendment No. 3705 (to Amendment No. 3695), and McConnell (for Fischer) Amendment No. 3706 (to Amendment No. 3695), at 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12:30 p.m., Tuesday, August 21 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: House will meet in Pro Forma session at 12:30 p.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Bergman, Jack, Mich., E1159, E1161 Beyer, Donald S., Jr., Va., E1157, E1160 Buck, Ken, Colo., E1160 Costa, Jim, Calif., E1160 Doyle, Michael F., Pa., E1162 Flores, Bill, Tex., E1161 Gottheimer, Josh, N.J., E1155 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E1156, E1158 Keating, William R., Mass., E1157 Luetkemeyer, Blaine, Mo., E1159 Meng, Grace, N.Y., E1158 Perry, Scott, Pa., E1161 Poe, Ted, Tex., E1157, E1158, E1160 Sablan, Gregorio Kilili Camacho, Northern Mariana Islands, E1157 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E1155 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E1156, E1159 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E1161, E1162 Torres, Norma J., Calif., E1159 Valadao, David G., Calif., E1155 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:45 Aug 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D17AU8.REC D17AUPT1