Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H6467 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, JULY 18, 2018 No. 121 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. F
LEISCHMANN ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, July 18, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable C
HARLES J. F
LEISCHMANN to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 8, 2018, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
UPDATE ENDANGERED SPECIES ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, when the Endangered Species Act was signed into law in 1973, its goal was simple: safeguard endan-gered species and assist in the recovery of their population. Until last week, no recent attempts have been made to reform this essen-tial piece of legislation. Over the past several years, the Congressional West-ern Caucus has been working together to determine what parts of the Endan-gered Species Act are broken and to de-velop solutions to repair this law. The Endangered Species Act is in dire need of modernization and reform, which is why, last week, the Western Caucus, which I am proud to belong to, rolled out some solutions; among them is to address the broken litigation process that incentivizes litigation for profit at the expense of the taxpayer, address the lack of clear listing and delisting criteria, addressed the lack of transparency in Endangered Species Act decisionmaking and data collec-tion, consider the needs of States more seriously, and address the unnecessary impediments to economic development and land management that affect en-dangered species. Mr. Speaker, as far as statutes that require costly litigation, the Endan-gered Species Act was the third most expensive for the Department of Agri-culture and the most expensive for the Department of the Interior. Endangered Species Act litigation cost the Department of Agriculture and the Federal taxpayers $1.63 million from 2000 to 2010. It cost the Depart-ment of the Interior $22 million from 2000 to 2010, all at the expense of the taxpayer. These frivolous lawsuits have severe consequences on local econo-mies. Additionally, the absence of State consultation weakens the overall data that can be used to justify the Endan-gered Species Act listings and recovery plans, a complete lack of transparency. State and local expertise is needed to strengthen and streamline the Endan-gered Species Act listing and delisting process. I am happy to say that these issues are addressed in some of the bills that were introduced last week. I proudly cosponsored a number of the bills that will make progress on this front, in-cluding the LOCAL Act, which was in-troduced by my colleague SCOTT TIP-
TON. This bill would set up new incen-tives and opportunities for voluntary conservation by establishing a private party conservation grants program and a habitat conservation planning loan program for State and local govern-ments. These programs will save the taxpayers money while boosting con-servation. Mr. Speaker, we know that the ma-jority of the recent species that have been delisted happened not as a result of the Endangered Species Act or the Fish and Wildlife Service, but through voluntary conservation with the lead-ership of the Department of Agri-culture. The LAMP Act, introduced by my colleague Congressman D
ONYOUNG , permits the Secretary of the Interior to enter into cooperative management agreements with States, local govern-ments, Tribes, and other non-Federal persons in order to better manage spe-cies and improve habitat conservation. The bill also empowers States with ro-bust species conservation programs al-ready in place to take the lead in man-aging and preserving such species when meeting certain qualifying conditions. Mr. Speaker, these are just two ex-amples of great pieces of legislation that have been introduced in the House to upgrade, modernize, and bring into the 21st century the Endangered Spe-cies Act. The Endangered Species Act is in dire need of modernization, and I am eager to work with my colleagues to address these needs and reform this outdated law. I urge my colleagues to examine these commonsense bills, look at the facts behind them, and cospon-sor them today. 
f 
THE WHOLE WORLD IS WATCHING The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:45 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JY7.000 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6468 July 18, 2018 
Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, the world witnessed the single worst performance by an American President on the world stage in world history. It was a culmination of the worst week an American President has ever had. As a citizen, I am shocked and embarrassed for our Nation. Given evidence, indictments, and facts, the President was given the choice of taking America’s side or tak-ing President Putin’s side. The Presi-dent chose Putin. I believe the Amer-ican people, our Armed Forces, our al-lies, our lawmakers, and the Presi-dent’s own Cabinet deserve an imme-diate apology from the President for his actions. Having insulted and demeaned our closest military allies and trading partners, the President doubled down by insulting world leaders individually and in public, especially those who are most friendly to the United States. It was disgraceful. The President even went as far as to say that Germany is totally controlled by Russia, a comment that makes the President quite literally the laughing stock of the world. To then go on and take President Putin’s side in defend-ing the Kremlin’s attack on the United States—an attack which this Congress, our intelligence and law enforcement agencies, our allies, and the American people know in fact took place—was nothing short of treasonous. The President has proven himself un-able to separate his own personal inter-ests from his current job as leader of the free world and has consistently, re-peatedly, and now, in full view of the world, definitively put his own inter-ests above those of the United States and the free world by siding with the petty, antidemocratic dictator of our international rival. The campaign of repression and the straight-up murder of political and business rivals by President Putin is well established. It is not something any American leader can or should de-bate. Using foreign agents to murder people overseas is the Kremlin’s MO, and the President seems to feel that is okay. Let us not forget that Russia, on more than one occasion, has allowed paranoia, fear, and impunity to esca-late to such a level that they have lit-erally shot passenger airliners out of the sky, killing all on board. Invading other countries and using the pretext of national security to ex-pand the Russian empire is not only condoned by this President, appar-ently, in some ways, he is seeking to emulate Putin’s behavior by using na-tional security as a pretext for trade wars with our closest allies and for policies to take babies, toddlers, and other children from people lawfully seeking asylum in the United States. Russia is not a government to be con-doned; it is a government to be con-tained. Yet our President was unable to be critical of the dictator of our greatest rival in public—and God knows what he did in private. Mr. Speaker, it is well established that I believe our current President is a threat to American democracy, which is why I was one of the first Members of Congress to sign on to Ar-ticles of Impeachment last year. I have already begun consulting with my col-leagues about whether those Articles of Impeachment can be expanded and up-dated to include the betrayal witnessed by the American people in the world this week. While it is already a full-time job, I will redouble my efforts to prevent the House of Representatives from taking actions to actively obstruct justice and undermine law enforcement and the FBI, while seeking to give the Presi-dent cover and relief from a genuine, thorough investigation into the attack on our country by the Russians in 2016 and the attacks that are continuing to this day. This body, the House, the institution that I love so much and have served for more than 25 years, cannot be sullied or diminished by this President or his inability to see the facts about the at-tack on the United States. As a body, we must take action to re-lieve the President of his duties. Most Americans probably doubt that the House of Representatives is even up to the task of being fair, being honest, being impartial enough to call a spade a spade when it comes to Russian ag-gression. But I call on my fellow Democrats and my fellow Members on the other side of the aisle: If you still believe in truth, if you believe in democracy, if you believe in the rule of law and our Constitution, you will join me in hold-ing this President accountable for his actions, in holding Russia accountable for the attacks on the United States and her people, and will stand up to de-fend your country and not just your party or your own income and career. This is a moment of destiny when the House as an institution must rise to the occasion. Mr. Speaker, the whole world is watching. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. 
f 
CONDEMNING EVO MORALES’ DE-PLORABLE HUMAN RIGHTS RECORD The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, following the Castro playbook, Evo Mo-rales has taken systematic steps to curtail the basic rights of the people of Bolivia and solidify his legacy to main-tain his evil grip on power. Evo Morales has ruled Bolivia for over 12 years and expects to do so in-definitely. Two years ago, he imposed a constitutional referendum to eliminate presidential term limits so that he could run for yet another term, his fourth term, in 2019. After a resounding ‘‘no’’ vote from the people of Bolivia, this thug turned to the courts, which he totally con-trols, to stomp on the will of the peo-ple. The courts sided with him—what a surprise—and went as far as declaring that Morales’ indefinite reelection is a human right. What an insult that is to the Bolivian people and to all of us who cherish true democratic ideals. Just like Castro, Evo Morales also continues to clamp down on the opposi-tion, sending his national police to de-ploy repressive tactics and silence dis-sent brutally. Just last month, his henchmen killed a young student from the Public University in the city of El Alto, where students peacefully pro-tested, calling for additional resources for their university. The latest State Department human rights report states that Morales’ power over the judicial system, the de-nial of a fair and timely public trial, and prosecutions of political opponents are at the top of his human rights abuses, his greatest hits. It is no wonder that over 1,200 Boliv-ian political exiles are now living in Brazil, Peru, Paraguay, Spain, and here in our wonderful country, including my lovely south Florida community. Mr. Speaker, Evo Morales’ anti-impe-rialist rhetoric, expelling all of our agencies—DEA, USAID, and the U.S. Ambassador to Bolivia—and his cozi-ness with rogue regimes are just fur-ther proof of the threat his regime poses for the stability and security of our allies in our hemisphere and be-yond. Using Bolivia’s status as a nonperma-nent member of the United Nations Se-curity Council, Morales has sided with Syria and its abysmal human rights record; undermined our ally, the demo-cratic Jewish State of Israel; and con-sistently attacked the United States and our efforts to uphold and promote the values of freedom and democracy in the region and around the world. Simply put, Morales is no friend of democratic values, and just like the dictatorships in Cuba, Venezuela, and Nicaragua, his regime has solidified control at the expense of the people and our own national security inter-ests. The Bolivian people need our help, Mr. Speaker, and we must start paying attention to what is happening right here in our own hemisphere. HONORING THE LIFE OF ROBERT TRAURIG  
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I was saddened to hear of the passing of Robert Traurig, a revered leader who helped build south Florida and some-one who Dexter and I proudly called a dear friend. Bob passed away recently, but he left an incredible legacy of legal brilliance and leadership in our com-munity. Founder of Greenberg Traurig in 1967, which is now one of the world’s top and largest law firms, Bob was an expert zoning lawyer who helped develop Miami-Dade County into the metro-politan area that it is today. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:45 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.003 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6469 July 18, 2018 
Bob was influential in expanding Brickell Avenue and Coconut Grove, areas which I proudly represent and are central residential communities that also attract thousands of visitors every year. He also led efforts for the devel-opment of the Florida Grand Opera and Performing Arts Center Foundation, among many other enterprises. Bob constantly fought for the best interests of his clients and our commu-nities, and the mark he left on south Florida is evidence of his remarkable passion. Bob Traurig’s work to develop Miami-Dade County, in addition to his charitable and philanthropic spirit, will become the lasting legacy of this dedicated leader. Farewell, my friend. 
f 
b1015 HONORING CONNIE KURTZ The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ) for 5 minutes. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Connie Kurtz, an LGBT rights activist who passed away recently at the age of 81. Connie was born and raised in Brook-lyn, New York, where she met and fell in love with the woman who would be-come her wife, Ruthie Berman. Ruthie and Connie became a couple in 1974, long before same-sex couples were af-forded equal rights. Ruthie was a school counselor, and, in 1988, they found themselves at the forefront of the gay rights movement when they joined two other couples and sued the New York Department of Edu-cation for domestic partner benefits for same-sex couples. Their advocacy led to the city extending healthcare bene-fits to same-sex couples in 1994. Ruthie and Connie’s activism did not stop there. They continued to fight for LGBT rights, including rights for older LGBT Americans. They recognized the unique healthcare, social, emotional, and housing needs of our aging LGBT population, and they sought to help minimize these disparities. I am honored to have introduced the Ruthie and Connie LGBT Elder Ameri-cans Act with my colleagues Congress-man T
EDDEUTCH and Congressman C
HARLIE CRIST. This legislation defines LGBT seniors as a vulnerable popu-lation, requires the Health and Human Services Assistant Secretary of Aging to collect data on the unique needs of this population, and provides grants for service organizations that are working to improve the health and long-term outcomes of the aging LGBT popu-lation. Since Connie’s passing, Ruthie has vowed to continue her activism. Ruthie said of her wife: ‘‘Connie took on re-sponsibilities as an activist with the belief that her role had a beginning, a middle, and an end. Working to pass the Ruthie and Connie LGBT Elder Americans Act was Connie’s last polit-ical action before she passed away on May 27, 2018. I hope Congress will honor Connie by passing this law so, like Connie, all LGBT older adults can age with the dignity and respect they de-serve. Let’s make this happen.’’ Mr. Speaker, I couldn’t agree with her more. Today, in honor of Connie’s life, I encourage all of my colleagues to join me in cosponsoring this legisla-tion. Together, we can take another step toward equality for LGBT older Americans. f 
HONORING CORPORAL JOSEPH MACIEL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize Corporal Joseph Maciel of the Third Infantry Di-vision, who died in the line of duty in Afghanistan on July 7. Corporal Maciel was an excellent sol-dier who had served in the Army for 2 years in the Third ID. He had been sta-tioned in Afghanistan since February of this year. His quality work ethic, positive attitude, and honorable serv-ice earned him a number of accolades, including the Army Achievement Medal, National Defense Service Medal, and the Army Service Ribbon. He was highly respected by his fellow soldiers. Corporal Maciel’s passing occurred during an insider attack in Afghani-stan in which two other soldiers were wounded. As our soldiers risk their lives in Afghanistan and other nations to spread the values of democracy, we must keep our soldiers and their fami-lies in our thoughts and prayers. 
HONORING CAPTAIN MICHAEL MCFADDEN  
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize Captain Michael McFadden of the Savannah Fire Department, who lost his life in the line of duty earlier this year at 44 years of age. A life dedicated to public service, Captain McFadden served in the United States Marine Corps for 8 years before joining the Savannah Fire Department. His high level of training and success-ful missions allowed him to rise through the ranks from master fire-fighter to, eventually, captain. Captain McFadden collapsed sud-denly one day with a heart problem. Unfortunately, firefighters are at high risk for severe cardiac problems be-cause of their strenuous physical activ-ity, emotional stress, exposure to pol-lutants, and smoke inhalation. With more than a million firefighters across the U.S., I hope that everyone will keep these brave men and women in their thoughts as they go to work each day to keep us and our commu-nities safe. Captain McFadden’s family will con-tinue to be in our thoughts and pray-ers. 
HONORING RONNIE THOMPSON  
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to remember the life of Mr. Ronnie Wayne Thompson, who passed away Sunday, July 8, at the age of 71. A lifetime resident of Savannah in Georgia’s First Congressional District, Mr. Thompson is leaving a lasting leg-acy on the city. Mainly, he will be re-membered for owning and operating the famous Mrs. Wilkes Boarding House restaurant, which serves some of the best home-style southern cooking in Savannah. Founded by his grandmother-in-law, Mrs. Wilkes, Mr. Thompson did a seam-less job of maintaining the quality of food and the southern atmosphere at the restaurant with which he worked for 40 years. He was spotted often in downtown Savannah, enjoying coffee with friends, attending the St. Patrick’s Day parade, and just generally making other peo-ple’s days a little bit brighter. He met his wife, Marcia, at the age of 12 on Tybee Island and spent a great deal of time there in his later years with his grandchildren. A U.S. Marine Corps veteran, long-time Savannahian, small-business owner, husband, father, grandfather, and overall genuine person, Ronnie Thompson truly will be missed. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF TOM RHODES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. V
ELA) for 5 minutes. Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, it is with a great deal of regret that I cannot join family and friends of Jesse Thomas Rhodes, known as Tom, as he is laid to rest today. Tom was, as he would often remind us, the first baby born on January 1, 1955, in Memphis, Tennessee. He is sur-vived by his loving wife, Beth, and his children, Jessica and Robert. Clarence Darrow once said: ‘‘Justice has nothing to do with what goes on in a courtroom; justice is what comes out of a courtroom.’’ Over the years, there has been many a lawyer in this great country who has dedicated his or her life to securing justice for their clients in courtrooms all across this land. Today, I pay trib-ute to those advocates and to Tom Rhodes, the lawyer. Tom Rhodes was everything a lawyer should be. Tom Rhodes was a fierce ad-vocate. Tom Rhodes was a compas-sionate counselor. Tom Rhodes was a consummate negotiator. Tom Rhodes communicated with a degree of clarity that always exposed the truth. It was not his considerable court-room presence, his skill as a lawyer, or the ferocity of his advocacy, however, that left such a lasting impression with most of the people with whom he crossed paths. Instead, it was his gen-erosity and his infectious sense of humor that people will always remem-ber. He constantly made small gestures of kindness to total strangers. He went 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.004 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6470 July 18, 2018 
out of his way to help family, friends, and the people who worked for him. He felt a constant need to give back to the community and to the world. After the terror attacks of 9/11, he volunteered his services, representing the families of the victims. When Hur-ricane Katrina devastated the Gulf Coast in Texas, he not only opened his wallet but donated his time, helping to get supplies to the people affected. His firm has, for many years, spon-sored the Respect Project in the San Antonio area, awarding monetary prizes to area elementary students based on essays regarding what it means to respect others. He donated time and money to many other causes, such as halfway houses, women’s shelters, and foundations pro-viding a safe environment for children to reconnect with abusive parents. For all of us, life is the final verdict. For the lawyer, there can be no better final verdict than that of his client, that he was a lawyer his client could always trust, that he was a lawyer his clients could always depend upon, that he was a lawyer his client always knew had his back. Without question, Tom Rhodes was that lawyer. 
f 
RECOGNIZING JONATHAN WALSH The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a conscientious young citizen in Bucks County, Penn-sylvania, who recently was named the Upper Bucks YMCA Role Model of the Year. Jonathan Walsh of Quakertown re-ceived this award for his participation in the YMCA’s Teen Fusion after- school program, where he stood out amongst his peers for his respect, his sense of responsibility, and his hon-esty. I commend Jonathan for this im-pressive achievement, and I look for-ward to seeing what this future leader will accomplish in the years ahead. I also want to commend the Upper Bucks YMCA for recognizing Jonathan and wish this organization well as it celebrates its 50th year of service to the community. I would especially like to thank Upper Bucks YMCA Executive Director Pat Edwards and President of the Board of Directors Dale Westwood for all the work they do in our commu-nity. 
RECOGNIZING JENNA RUFO AND TODD BAUER  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize two education professionals in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, whose dedication to our community’s students has led to their appointment as assistant superintend-ents for the North Penn School Dis-trict. Jenna Rufo and Todd Bauer were sworn in on July 9 at the Montgomery County courthouse and have recently accepted their new responsibilities. Before becoming assistant super-intendent, Jenna was the North Penn School District’s director of special education, while Todd served as prin-cipal of the North Penn High School. In their new roles, Jenna will focus pri-marily on school safety, mental health, professional development, and cultural issues; and Todd will focus on account-ability, athletics, summer school, re-districting, and school board policies. We commend these fine public serv-ants for their work and wish them the best of luck as they begin this new chapter in their careers. I also thank former Assistant Super-intendent Diana Holben for her service as well and wish her all the best in her retirement. RECOGNIZING MATT PHELAN  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize a dedicated public servant in Bucks County, Pennsyl-vania. On July 3, Matt Phelan was offi-cially sworn in as police chief of Tinicum Township by Magisterial Dis-trict Judge Gary Gambardella. He had been serving as acting police chief since January, upon the appointment of James Sabath to chief of the New-town Borough Police Department. The Tinicum Township Police De-partment hired Chief Phelan in 1998 at the age of 22, after he studied at Bloomsburg University and graduated at the top of his class from Temple Po-lice Academy. His record of selflessness, courage, and professionalism speaks for itself. In 2015, then-Sergeant Phelan pre-vented an armed home invasion suspect from fleeing the crime scene, risking his life in the pursuit of justice. We congratulate you, Chief Phelan, on this well-deserved appointment, and we are grateful for your service to our community, along with the entire Tinicum Police Department. 
f 
PRESIDENT TRUMP’S COMMENTS IN HELSINKI The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) for 5 minutes. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, viewing Monday’s display in Helsinki as a devastating manner is not exag-geration. It is not hyperbole. It is not exaggerating. Frankly, I think it is important for the Congress to adhere to its respon-sibilities in Article I, which indicates that all legislative powers herein are vested in this Congress. We must do our job on behalf of the American people. So let me read: ‘‘President Trump, you first. Just now, President Putin de-nied having anything to do with the election interference in 2016. Every U.S. intelligence agency has concluded that Russia did. My first question for you, sir, is: Who do you believe?’’ This is a reporter from the AP. ‘‘My second question is: Would you now, with the whole world watching, tell President Putin—would you de-nounce what happened in 2016, and would you warn him to never do it again?’’ The answer of the President of the United States: ‘‘So let me just say that we have two thoughts. You have groups that are wondering why the FBI never took the server. Why haven’t they taken the server? Why was the FBI told to leave the office of the Demo-cratic National Committee? I’ve been wondering that. I’ve been asking that for months and months, and I’ve been tweeting it out and calling it out on so-cial media. Where is the server? I want to know, where is the server, and what is the server saying? With that being said, all I can do is ask the question. ‘‘My people came to me. Dan Coats came to me, and some others, and they said they think it’s Russia. I have President Putin; he just said it’s not Russia. I will say this: I don’t see any reason why it would be. ‘‘But I really do want to see the serv-er. But I have confidence in both par-ties. I really believe that this will prob-ably go on for a while, but I don’t think it can go on without finding out what happened to the server.’’ b1030 He goes on to say: So I have great confidence in my intel-ligence people, but I will tell you that Presi-dent Putin was extremely strong and power-ful in his denial today. And what he did is an incredible offer. He offered to have his people working with our people. Thank you. 
In response, Senator J OHNMCCAIN, a POW, said these words: ‘‘Today’s press conferences in Helsinki was one of the most disgraceful performances by an American President in memory. The damage inflicted by President Trump’s naivete, egotism, false equivalence, and sympathy for autocrats is difficult to calculate. But it is clear that the summit in Helsinki was a tragic mis-take.’’ ‘‘President Trump proved not only unable, but unwilling to stand up to Putin. He and Putin seem to be speak-ing from the same script, as the Presi-dent made a conscious choice to defend a tyrant against the fair questions of a free press and to grant Putin an uncontested platform to spew propa-ganda and lies to the world.’’ Let me remind you that the question of the reporter was: My first question to you, sir, is, who do you believe, Mr. President? My second question is: Would you now, with the world watch-ing, tell President Putin would you de-nounce what happened in 2016? It is clear that the Russians invaded and altered the election of 2016. It has been stated by our intelligence commu-nity, Director Coats, that at least they invaded and impacted and that they are doing it now. It is time for the Congress to ask or subpoena the translator’s notes. It is time for us to have a detailed relaying to the Congress, in a classified manner, what were the contents, what were the discussions, what were the agenda items, what was said in the meeting singularly by our President and Presi-dent Putin. Then we must pass legisla-tion for extreme sanctions on anyone 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:45 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.006 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6471 July 18, 2018 
that even thinks of interfering with the elections of 2018 and those who interfered with 2016. Finally, I believe it is important for a full-throated apology of the White House to the intelligence community and the American people. I remind you that I do not stand here singularly by myself. I stand here standing on a con-stitutional democracy which is the United States of America. Article I powers of this Congress is that we must act. We cannot correct it with a typographical correction— wouldn’t over would. The reporter di-rectly asked: Who do you believe? It was never answered that it was the American people in the intelligence community, Mr. Speaker. It was indi-cated that Mr. Putin gave a strong re-sponse of denial, and it was implied in that, that I believe Mr. Putin, and I am not going to answer the question to say that I believe my intelligence commu-nity. Therefore, I would indicate it is time for the Congress to act. 
f 
SECURITY CLEARANCES FOR PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. H
UFFMAN ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, this week’s stunning betrayal by President Trump, choosing Russian President Vladimir Putin over our own intel-ligence agencies, begs questions that we should never have to ask about an American President: What does Putin have on President Trump? Is he lit-erally being blackmailed? Do we have a Manchurian candidate as our Presi-dent? It is difficult to imagine any other explanation for Trump’s constant bow-ing and scraping at the feet of the Rus-sian dictator or of his refusal to hold Putin accountable for his election in-terference, even after numerous indict-ments, including 12 Russian military officials, and even after the arrest of a Russian national who was caught try-ing to use the NRA as a tool to change U.S. policy toward Russia. And it is hard to find any other ex-planation for Trump’s constantly call-ing Special Counsel Mueller’s inves-tigation a ‘‘witch hunt,’’ even after so many indictments and multiple guilty pleas. On Monday, our security interests of this country demanded that our Presi-dent speak out and seek accountability from the foreign adversary who at-tacked it. But instead, the American people witnessed a Manchurian mo-ment, exposing that President Trump is so deeply compromised on Russia that he is willing to alienate our Euro-pean allies, to blame our country for the strains in the relationship with Russia, and to betray our intelligence and law enforcement communities by casting doubt on their conclusions and accepting Putin’s self-serving denials. And so the world wonders: What does Putin have over Trump? Now, it could be some compromising or embarrassing financial information, which would ex-plain Trump’s refusal to release his tax returns. Now, let’s remember, candidate Don-ald Trump promised, if elected, prom-ised unequivocally that he would pub-licly release his tax returns just like every other modern President. We are still waiting. But Trump’s position has evolved to an outright refusal, making him the only President in modern his-tory to refuse to share this information with the American people. Now, it could also be his nefarious dealings with Russia that Trump wants to keep secret. Now, we know Trump and his family and his campaign had a web of contacts with Russia going back several years. The degree of collusion in the 2016 election is still unknown, but we know that, at the very least, they explored receiving illegal foreign election assistance, and we know that assistance was actually provided by Russia. Or it could be more straightforward blackmail. We know about the reports that Russia had compromising infor-mation on Trump that includes not just financial entanglements, but a sex tape. Now, I am confident that whatever President Trump is hiding, Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation will get to the bottom of it. And that is why I have joined my colleagues here on the floor to demand that the Mueller investigation be protected from political interference and that we let the special counsel’s office do its job. But we should also think about how we got into this surreal situation in the first place. How did a Presidential candidate with such potentially dis-qualifying baggage slide through the process without a way for voters to know about it? There is a clear public interest in ensuring that Presidential candidates are not deeply compromised or vulnerable to blackmail. And that is why today I introduce the Protecting Access to Classified In-formation in Elections Act. It is a new bill designed to protect the national se-curity of our country by allowing Pres-idential candidates to voluntarily un-dergo a national security clearance in-vestigation well before the election. Candidates who are granted a security clearance would have the option of publicly disclosing that fact on a website maintained by the director of national intelligence. Current law doesn’t work that way. Presidential candidates start getting classified briefings before they take of-fice, but it is based on an informal grant of access by the sitting Presi-dent, and voters may assume that can-didates have security clearances, but they don’t actually have to get one and not all of them do. By providing an early security clear-ance process, candidates can provide a real assurance to the American people that there is nothing in their back-ground, such as financial or personal vulnerabilities, that should prevent them from receiving our Nation’s top secret information. And if a candidate chooses not to seek that security clear-ance, voters can consider that fact, too, when they cast their vote. An early security clearance would also virtually rule out the possibility that a Presidential candidate is vulner-able to foreign coercion, compromise, or manipulation, because among the things scrutinized by background in-vestigators are tax returns and finan-cial dealings. Investigators would learn if an applicant has been accused of sex-ual misconduct. So, Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support to this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President of the United States. f 
A CALL TO ACTION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from New Hampshire (Ms. S
HEA-PORTER ) for 5 minutes. Ms. SHEA-PORTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to call this body to action. Two days ago, we watched, the world watched in horror in Finland as our President took Putin’s side instead of our intelligence community’s side. Our intelligence community told us, told him that Russia attacked our democ-racy and attacked our elections. For whatever reason, President Trump seems unable to clearly state that he agrees with intelligence. Just yesterday, when he said he misspoke, he then shifted and went back to it could be others. Why? We have to ask ourselves why. The Repub-lican majority has been determined to do absolutely nothing in response when it is clear that there is much that we can and must do. Why? They have declined to pass additional legislation to serve as a deterrent to Russia and that would sanction Russia if they attacked our elections again. Why? Especially when we have been warned that Russia intends to interfere with our elections in just a few months. They have this whole Congress, but still Republicans have not passed any legislation to strengthen our election security system to mitigate this threat. Instead, congressional Repub-licans are trying to cut—this is unbe-lievable—trying to cut election secu-rity grants by hundreds of millions of dollars. Why? Don’t they at least want to protect us going into the future? They have blocked votes to force the President to release his tax returns so we can know whether his business deals are affecting his decisions in the office of the Presidency. Why? And, most importantly, they have consistently refused to vote to protect Special Counsel Mueller’s investiga-tion. Why? Speaker R
YANcontrols the floor. Re-publicans are the ones who put all of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:45 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.008 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6472 July 18, 2018 
the legislation on the floor. They could do this now, but they refuse to, even though they have the power. Why won’t they? Why won’t they let us in-vestigate? Why won’t they let us have a vote? America and the world is watching. They are wondering how long it will take for this Republican Congress to act. When will it be too much? We have heard some Republican he-roes like J
OHNMCCAINand others who have said this was the most horrific performance and that we must—must talk about this, and yet we don’t. Why? 
f 
TIME TO REFLECT ON WHAT IT MEANS TO BE PATRIOTIC The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. L
EWIS) for 5 minutes. Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I come to the House floor because today is the birthday of my friend, my partner in the fight for justice and equality, Nelson Mandela. During the height of the civil rights movement and the early days of the labor movement, you had to make a de-cision: Which side are you on? So, Mr. Speaker, on this day, of all days, I cannot, I will not stay silent when our Nation, our democracy, and the American people are under attack. We fought too hard and too long to stand on the sidelines when so much is at stake. When you see something that is not right, that is not just, you have to find a way to get in the way. You have to get in good trouble—necessary trouble. Now is the time to wake up. It is time to be brave, bold, and courageous. During the American Revolution, peo-ple suffered and died for the dream of democracy, for the sacred right to vote, and for the ability to choose their representatives. Hundreds and thou-sands of men and women lost their lives to preserve our union and to de-fend our values. What I saw on Monday was a shame, an embarrassment, and a disgrace to their legacy, their memory, and what they sacrificed. During times like these, I encourage every person to take some time and have what I call an ex-ecutive session with themselves and their very souls. Because today, Mr. Speaker, each of us faces the question of what it means to be patriotic. Ask yourself, do you stand with the American people or do you stand with a dictator? Do you stand with democ-racy or do you stand with a czar? Do you stand with friends and allies or do you stand with someone who approves violent attacks on the media, human rights advocates, and struggling de-mocracies? Mr. Speaker, the American House is on fire, it is burning, and if we are not mindful, if we are not watchful, this fire will consume us all. The United States Constitution began with the words: ‘‘We, the Peo-ple.’’ You see, the Founding Fathers’ very first priority, the very first arti-cle was to outline the role and the re-sponsibilities of the United States Con-gress in our system of checks and bal-ances. b1045 The people who elected us are sound-ing the alarms. Never before has our constitutional mandate been more im-portant. Never before have the pillars of our democracy been under attack. Mr. Speaker, each and every one of us swore an oath of office. Whether Democrat or Republican, we all have an equal mission, an obligation, and a mandate to uphold this promise. Mr. Speaker, the time has come, and the question is simple: Will you show up for duty? Congress must speak up, we must speak out, and, Mr. Speaker, we must act. If we fail to do so, history and the American voters will not be kind. The threat is occurring in realtime on our watch, and the ball is in our court. The clock is ticking, and there is no time to waste. 
f 
PRESIDENT TRUMP AND RUSSIA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. B
ROWN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BROWN of Maryland. Mr. Speak-er, President Trump had a straight-forward mission in Europe last week: stand with our NATO allies and stand up to Russia’s Putin. Instead, Presi-dent Trump squandered U.S. influence and abdicated our leadership by abus-ing and dividing our allies and fawning over a tyrant who actively seeks to un-dermine our democracy. While Putin may not be dictating American policy, President Trump is seemingly pushing forward his agenda. Putin wants to restore Russia as a great global power at the expense of the United States. He wants to expand Russian influence over Europe by weakening NATO and the European Union. In Putin’s mind, when the United States and Europe flounder, Russia is stronger. If Putin was calling the shots, he would have encouraged President Trump to criticize NATO and raise doubts on whether we would defend our allies if they haven’t paid their bills. He would invite President Trump to undermine the European Union, our largest trading partner and investor, by lauding Brexit, denouncing trade, supporting antidemocratic populists, and undermining Germany and Chan-cellor Merkel. And that is exactly what happened. Rather than projecting unity, Presi-dent Trump’s participation at the NATO summit generated nonstop im-ages of division. Substantive issues re-ceived little or no attention. Putin is the biggest winner from any disunity in NATO. During the Cold War, American and NATO troops held the line in Europe, containing and de-feating the Soviet Union. I served in Germany for 5 years at that time and witnessed firsthand how we won the Cold War. But we didn’t do it through military power alone. We won because NATO military strength helped create the space for democratic dissidents in Eastern Europe to come together and bring down Soviet rule from within. This was the success of America’s strategy—pursued by Presi-dents from Roosevelt to Kennedy, to Reagan—of advancing American val-ues. For seven decades, the NATO alliance has ensured that America’s strength and influence are magnified around the globe. Our alliance has extended the promise of peace, security, and pros-perity to much of the democratic world, and it has maintained the invio-lable promise of collective defense. America needed its allies after we were attacked on 9/11, and our allies came through. They fought and died with us. And threats to our collective secu-rity have not vanished in the 21st cen-tury. These shared security challenges should have been at the top of Presi-dent Trump’s agenda, but they weren’t. Since Putin’s annexation of Crimea, NATO has found renewed purpose and effectiveness, stepping up exercises and establishing the enhanced forward presence in Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, and Poland. Additional measures may be nec-essary to continue to confront Russian aggression. This includes Secretary Mattis’ 30–30 plan to establish the read-iness of 30 land battalions, 30 air fight-er squadrons, and 30 ships ready to de-ploy within 30 days of being put on alert; Poland’s proposal to bring more U.S. troops to the country and setting up a joint armored division with 15,000 American troops, and as many as 250 tanks and armored vehicles; and com-pletion of the European missile shield by 2020. None of this was discussed. Contrary to President Trump’s dec-larations, NATO members have been increasing defense spending since 2014: almost $46 billion, the biggest buildup by U.S. allies in 25 years. NATO is also expanding its training mission in Afghanistan and launching a new one in Iraq, showcasing NATO’s ongoing commitment to the fight against terrorism. Yet President Trump chose to deride our most impor-tant allies. With as much passion as President Trump questions our European allies as freeloaders, his actions suggest a de-sire for a cozy relationship with Putin’s Russia. Russia is one of our most aggressive adversaries, working to rupture the relationship between the United States and our closest partners, weaken our influence in the Middle East, and pose an ongoing cyber threat. Other than elevating Putin and fail-ing to mention Russia’s illegal annex-ation of Crimea, what good did Presi-dent Trump accomplish during this summit? I have no answer as to why he, unlike any of his Republican or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:45 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.009 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6473 July 18, 2018 
Democratic predecessors, is so unwill-ing to defend the interests of the United States and our allies against Russia. All that is clear is that, by em-bracing our adversaries and deni-grating our allies, President Trump is inviting grave and historic con-sequences for the United States. Mr. Speaker, today, I simply call on President Trump to unequivocally af-firm the United States’ commitment to our European allies and to condemn Russian aggression, meddling, and ma-lign influence. 
f 
THE STALWART REPUBLIC OF GEORGIA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) for 5 minutes. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 10 years ago this August, Russian tanks rolled across the border into the inde-pendent nation of Georgia. After 5 days of bloody fighting, with thousands of innocent Georgians displaced from their homes, the conflict ended with the Russians promising to pull back its forces. I happened to be in Georgia 1 week after the Russian invasion and saw the tanks on the high ground and the de-struction that the Russians made of Tbilisi. It is 10 years since that inva-sion and Moscow and its troops still oc-cupy one-third of sovereign territory of the Republic of Georgia. The Kremlin claims these Russian troops are in Georgia as peacekeepers. Are you kidding me? It is an invasion. They are a heavily armed battle group waiting to provoke Georgia into an-other fight. They have committed hor-rific human rights abuses against the Georgian people, often harassing civil-ians and denying Georgians the ability to move about their country freely. The continued presence of Russian troops on Georgian soil presents a major violation of international law. America’s response at the time was to condemn and issue sanctions against the Russians, but the Obama adminis-tration removed the punishing sanc-tions against Russia as part of its fool-ish reset with the Kremlin. We now know this demonstration of weakness only encouraged further ag-gression from Russia, and it invaded a neighbor state in 2014. This time it seized and annexed Crimea from Ukraine, another independent sov-ereign state that Russia had sworn to respect. Then Russian tanks moved on and invaded eastern Ukraine and occu-pied part of that territory. After 10 years of illegal occupation of Georgian territory, we need to do more to help our Georgian friends resist the Russian bear. Following the collapse of the Soviet Union, Georgia emerged as the beacon of hope in the region and hope for democracy. Georgia’s faithful commitment to a strong democracy with free and fair elections serves as a shining example for other countries in Eastern Europe. Russia hoped to break this beacon of hope 10 years ago, but Georgia has remained defiant. As co-chair of the Congressional Georgia Caucus, I have long seen that major vulnerabilities remain that Rus-sia could exploit. Georgia is a small country. It cannot afford to compete with the might of the Russian bear. That is why I have introduced the Georgia Support Act along with my caucus co-chair, Representative CON-
NOLLY from Virginia. Through this important bill, we hope to significantly enhance Georgia’s abil-ity to combat and deter Putin’s wicked activities. With our assistance, Amer-ica can provide Georgia specific advan-tages that can make any new attempt by Russia a costly endeavor. Also, with modern warfare extending to cyberspace, we can improve coordi-nation to identify Russia’s cyber at-tacks and build safeguards within. This means building up Georgia’s ability to combat disinformation and propaganda from Russia. As we have seen, Moscow is all over the world trying to undermine democ-racies by invading their elections, in-cluding our own. Working with Geor-gian partners, we can show Russia has been caught. Additionally, this bill calls on Presi-dent Trump to impose sanctions for se-rious human rights abuses in that oc-cupied territory of Georgia. Not only will it help our Georgian friends on the front line of Russian aggression, but it sends a message to the Kremlin that America will and must stand up against that bad behavior and defend the international rule of law. Czar Putin must be shown that his dream of rebuilding the Russian empire is not going to happen. We must show our freedom-loving friends around the globe that America will stand with them. The Georgian people have shown they will fight for freedom, even against overwhelming odds. While the Kremlin believes that it has prevented Georgia’s aspirations of joining the important organization of NATO by seizing territory, we can send a signal that that victory is hollow. Georgia is still on the path to greater integration with the West. Georgia must remain, with our help, free and prosperous. Russia will find itself iso-lated and full of regret for ever fol-lowing Putin’s foolish ambition of ag-gression in the region. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF PRESIDENT NELSON MANDELA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. M
AXINE WATERS ) for 5 minutes. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of South African Presi-dent Nelson Mandela on what would have been his 100th birthday. President Mandela, or ‘‘Mandiba’’ as he was affectionately called, was a rev-olutionary and transformative leader, who forever changed the world through his steadfast dedication to freedom, equality, and human rights. After spending 27 years in prison, Nelson Mandela became the first Black South African to be elected President in what was also the first free, multira-cial, democratic election in South Afri-can history. While President Mandela used his ad-ministration to dismantle apartheid, combat institutional racism, and begin the process of racial reconciliation in his country, his efforts also taught the world the power of one man having the fortitude to sacrifice his own ideals for a cause greater than himself. To me, Nelson Mandela is more than a world-renowned hero. I had the dis-tinct honor and privilege of calling him a friend. His leadership of the inter-national antiapartheid movement en-couraged me to take action here in the United States, where I served as the Los Angeles chair of the Free South Africa Movement, organized countless antiapartheid rallies in Los Angeles, led a sit-in at the South African Con-sulate General’s office in Los Angeles, and was even arrested during a protest at the Embassy of South Africa in Washington, D.C. I was also a board member of and worked nationally with TransAfrica, one of the most promi-nent antiapartheid advocacy groups in the United States. As a member of the California State Assembly at that time, I fought for the passage of Assembly Bill 134, which forced California to divest $12 billion in State pension funds tied to the apart-heid regime in South Africa. In 1990, I chaired the committee in Los Angeles that brought over 90,000 people together in the Los Angeles Me-morial Coliseum to welcome Nelson Mandela into the United States, and I also traveled with the official U.S. del-egation to South Africa in 1994 to at-tend his inauguration as President of South Africa. In 1998, I was honored to welcome President Mandela to the United States once again, this time to receive the United States Congressional Gold Medal. In honor of his 95th birthday in 2013, I organized an event here in Wash-ington, D.C., called the Celebration of the Life, Legacy and Values of Nelson R. Mandela in Emancipation Hall of the United States Capitol Visitor Cen-ter. The celebration was attended by my colleagues in the Congressional Black Caucus, leaders from both the United States House and Senate, and representatives of national and inter-national civil rights and humanitarian groups. As we reflect on Nelson Mandela’s memory today, let us remember what he once said: ‘‘What counts in life is not the mere fact that we have lived. It is what difference we have made to the lives of others that will determine the significance of the life we lead.’’ Few embody this quote better than Nelson Mandela himself, and it is my 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:45 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.011 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6474 July 18, 2018 
sincere hope that my own career in public service can live up to his ex-traordinary example. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 11 a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER Chaplain John L. Vernon, Jr., High Point Police Department, High Point, North Carolina, offered the following prayer: Heavenly Father, we stand in Your presence today, thankful for this great Nation we call home. I pray for each of these men and women who have been chosen to serve their fellow citizens in this vital task of governing. I pray also for those who serve alongside them as members of their staff, and all their families. I pray that today You will give these Members godly wisdom. Give them courage to do what is right in the best interest of our Nation and its people. Give them the humility that truly ex-emplifies servant leadership. May they each desire to do justice, love mercy, and walk humbly with You. I pray also for those who protect us: members of our military in various parts of the world and first responders all across our Nation. Protect them as they protect us. All these things I pray in Jesus’ name. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. B
IGGS) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Al-legiance. Mr. BIGGS led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WELCOMING CHAPLAIN JOHN L. VERNON, JR. The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. B
UDD) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. BUDD. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize the House’s guest chaplain for the day, John Vernon, who comes to us from High Point, North Carolina. John is an ordained minister in the Wesleyan Church and currently serves as chairman of the board of directors of the Wesleyan Christian Academy. Beyond the Wesleyan Church, John also serves as lead chaplain for the High Point Police Department, where he has served faithfully for 18 years. Within the last year, John has taken on the role of lead chaplain for the High Point Fire Department. John and his wife, Kim, will cele-brate 37 years of marriage together this year. They have two sons, Travis and Kyle, and two wonderful daugh-ters-in-law, Stephanie and Hillary. We are glad to have Kim, Kyle, and Hillary joining us in the gallery. Among John and Kim’s greatest joys in their lives is spending time with their three granddaughters, Sadie, Millie, and Nora. I want to thank Chaplain Vernon for his service and for opening the House in prayer this morning. We are honored and privileged that he and his family call High Point home. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
UL-
BERSON ). The Chair will entertain up to 15 further requests for 1-minute speech-es on each side of the aisle. 
f 
TAX CUTS PRODUCE BOOM IN JOBS (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, the latest results are in from the Republican tax cuts, with Trump deregulation, producing jobs: $2,059 av-erage tax cut for a typical family of four; $2,000 new per child tax credit, double the old amount. Sixteen regulations rolled back through the Congressional Review Act process, the most in history. Ninety percent of Americans are receiving big-ger paychecks under the new with-holding tables. A 3.4 percent increase in real dispos-able income in the first quarter of 2018; a record high level of U.S. exports of goods and services, over $200 billion; 3.7 million jobs created since November 2016; 1.3 million jobs created since the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act became law; 6.6 million job openings as of May 2018, meaning more jobs than job seekers. Sixty-five percent of Americans now say it is a good time to find a quality job. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September 11th in the global war on terrorism. MANDELA DAY (Ms. LEE asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of the late, great President Nel-son Mandela, whose 100th birthday we celebrate today. Like many of my colleagues, I was first inspired by Mr. Mandela in the early 1970s. I was arrested in Berkeley, California, protesting apartheid, when our brave brothers and sisters in the labor movement refused to unload ships from South Africa that arrived at Oakland’s port. I remember very vividly when the Af-rican National Congress was designated a terrorist organization by the United States Government. It was illegal to meet with the freedom fighters in the United States, but many of us did any-way in safe places around the world. I was so happy when we finally passed legislation, which I led, to lift President Mandela and the ANC off the terrorist watch list on his 90 birthday 10 years ago. As an election observer, I will never forget the lines of people waiting to vote for Nelson Mandela as the first Black President of South Africa. Madiba’s impact was not limited to South Africa. He sparked social justice movements that reached around the world and reminded us of the power of the vote. As President Obama noted yesterday, he said Madiba ‘‘came to embody the universal aspirations of dispossessed people all around the world, their hopes for a better life.’’ President Mandela taught us many lessons, lessons in reconciliation, per-severance, and public service. Above all, he taught us that the fight for jus-tice was never finished. His legacy will live forever. 
f 
EXPRESSING SUPPORT FOR THE 2018 FARM BILL (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, soon, the House will vote to go to conference with the Senate on the 2018 farm bill. As vice chair of the House Agriculture Committee, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of mov-ing this important process forward. As chairman of the Nutrition Sub-committee, I am proud of the provi-sions we have included to give many Americans the skills needed to obtain a family-sustaining job and ultimate food security. Food insecurity exists for so many in America today, and the workforce and job training provisions in the bill rep-resent a significant opportunity to help millions of Americans find employ-ment. The Agriculture Committee has done its work. In fact, the Nutrition Sub-committee hosted 21 hearings on SNAP 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:45 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.012 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6475 July 18, 2018 
and heard from more than 80 witnesses on how we can improve the program and work toward the ultimate goal of ending hunger in America. Mr. Speaker, the House farm bill makes a historic investment in work programs so SNAP recipients have a chance to learn new skills and climb the rungs on the ladder of opportunity and escape poverty once and for all. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. 
f 
HONORING WOODIE RUCKER- HUGHES (Mr. TAKANO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, a pas-sionate educator, a change-maker, and a powerhouse of a woman, that is how the community of Riverside would de-scribe my dear friend, Waudieur ‘‘Woodie’’ Rucker-Hughes. As a history teacher at John W. North High School and an adminis-trator for the Riverside Unified School District, Woodie worked to demolish educational barriers and address the needs of all students. As an activist and leader for the Riv-erside branch of the NAACP, Woodie challenged injustice and moved our communities forward every single day. As a mother and a friend, she touched my life and the lives of many others with her kindness and her steadfast support and encouragement. Today, we remember Woodie, her leg-acy, and everything she stood for. I am going to leave you with Woodie’s motto: Good, better, best. Never let them rest until the good becomes bet-ter and the better becomes best. In honor of Woodie, let’s keep work-ing to make this country, and the world, an even better place than she left it. 
f 
CONGRATULATING CHRISTOPHER EVANS (Mr. BIGGS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise today to honor Christopher Evans, a teacher at Basha High School in my district. Mr. Evans was one of 52 Americans who received the James Madison Fel-lowship, which is awarded to one dis-tinguished educator from each State. This award recognizes exceptional teachers of American history and so-cial studies seeking ‘‘to strengthen their knowledge of the origins and de-velopment of American constitutional government, and to expose our future leaders to the knowledge of the Na-tion’s constitutional heritage.’’ I congratulate Mr. Evans on this achievement, and I know he has a bright future in my home State of Ari-zona. DEFENDING U.S. INTERESTS (Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Russia is not our friend; Rus-sia is our adversary. We witnessed our President side with an autocrat and adversary of our coun-try over his own intelligence commu-nity and blame the USA for our rela-tionship with Russia. From separating families at the southern border to embracing Putin over the protection of U.S. interests, Mr. Trump has thrown out that values that our country is founded on. Putin may be Mr. Trump’s friend, but he is not America’s. Our President for-gets that the U.S. interests go beyond his own personal interests and rela-tionships. If Putin wants to return to the days with no pushback from the U.S., that is one thing. If our President wants to return to those days, rather than defend America and our allies, that is another. It shouldn’t matter whether you are a Republican or a Democrat. If the President of the United States won’t defend our interests before those of our adversaries, Congress must. f 
LOWYAL’S TRAFFICKING STORY (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Lowyal was just like any other teen-ager across America. When she was 13 years of age and in school, daily bul-lying started. Then her relationship with her mother became worse. So she dropped out of school, took drugs, and eventually joined a gang. Eventually, her newfound ‘‘friends’’ introduced her to a ‘‘game’’ where she walked up and down the streets, under the constant watch of her owners. She was the victim of human trafficking, modern-day slavery. These older men manipulated her youth and stole her innocence on the marketplace of sex slavery. My legislation, the Abolish Human Trafficking Act, will increase prosecu-tions for perpetrators like the slave traders who trafficked Lowyal and hold them accountable for their crimes of sex slavery. America must support victims of human traffickers and put their preda-tors where they belong: in the jail-house. We as a community must rescue victims from this scourge of slavery that is taking place in our country. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
KEEPING THE PRESIDENT IN CHECK (Mr. PANETTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, this week, we witnessed the weakening of the Presidency due to the actions of this President. Now, I realize that President Trump is not constrained by customs, norms, or decorum, but his actions this week contravened his oath to preserve, pro-tect, and defend the United States Con-stitution. Yes, this President likes to act tough with tweets and trash talk, but he has proven that he is unwilling to get tough with adversaries when he stands face to face. What is worse is that he is willing to sell out our intelligence agencies in order to suck up to the leader of a na-tion that has attacked us and con-tinues to attack many democracies around the world. Hopefully, his actions will motivate this body, our Congress, to act. Let’s condemn these comments. Let’s pro-tect the special counsel. Let’s protect the integrity of our elections. Let’s fully implement the Russian sanctions passed last year and pass even harsher ones, if Russia does this again. By doing anything, we can keep this President in check. When we do that, we restore the credibility of our Presi-dency. If we do that, we uphold the credibility of this Congress by ful-filling our oath to our democracy, so help us God. f 
INVASIVE ASIAN CARP (Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to raise aware-ness about the single greatest threat to Tennessee’s lake and river systems. Invasive Asian carp are destroying Tennessee’s native fisheries across the State. If ignored, these fish will decimate recreation, sporting, and tourism in-dustries that rely on more than 60,000 miles of streams and rivers in my State. For years, the focal point for com-bating Asian carp has been in the North, particularly the Great Lakes. However, this continued threat has spread through the Southeast. It is time to recognize that this species is invading States like Tennessee, Ken-tucky, and Alabama. Congress needs to take action, or we are going to lose some of the most bio-logically diverse rivers and bass fishing in the country. Asian carp have the capacity to de-stroy the food systems of highly valued recreational and commercial fisheries, which generate $2 billion in economic impact annually in Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, this issue cannot be ig-nored, and I implore my colleagues to work with me to combat the invasion of Asian carp in Tennessee and throughout the Southeast. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:45 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.014 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6476 July 18, 2018 
b1215 GOP = GOVERNMENT OF PUTIN (Mr. DOGGETT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, Hel-sinki will be remembered as the place where GOP became shorthand for ‘‘Government of Putin.’’ Just as Trump surrenders to Vladi-mir Putin, these Helsinki congres-sional Republicans surrender to Trump. Trump’s own intelligence chief, former Senator, lifelong Republican Dan Coats, says ‘‘the warning lights are blinking red again’’ on Russian at-tacks. Yet Helsinki Republicans refuse to act, providing zero funding to the States to protect election integrity today. Their refusal to appropriate a dime for state defense against Russian interference really represents nothing less than unilateral disarmament. Enough excuses. Enough weakness. Instead of a President with no scruples and a congressional Republican major-ity with no spine, we need strong lead-ership, unafraid to protect our borders and unafraid to protect American fami-lies from the ongoing Russian aggres-sion against our democracy. 
f 
ACKNOWLEDGING LAMAR SMITH FOR HIS WORK ON THE DYS-LEXIA CAUCUS (Mr. WESTERMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge the work of Chairman L
AMAR SMITH of the Congres-sional Dyslexia Caucus. His work on this important issue has brought much-needed attention in Congress to a learning disability affecting as many as one in five Americans. He championed the READ Act, which mandated that the National Institutes of Health direct specific funds towards dyslexia research. This law is deep-ening our understanding of dyslexia and providing additional tools for us to help those with this learning dis-ability. Last week, I began serving as co- chair of the Dyslexia Caucus, alongside Congresswoman J
ULIA BROWNLEY . It is my hope that we can work together to continue the impressive work of Chair-man S
MITH and effect positive change for those living with dyslexia. Individuals can overcome dyslexia and achieve greatness in their edu-cation and careers when they have the right tools and instruction. We will work hard in Congress to give them what is necessary to succeed. Mr. Speaker, I again thank Chairman S
MITH for his leadership and lifetime of dedication. 
f 
NO MORE PRESIDENTIAL WARS (Ms. GABBARD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, Article I, section 8 of the Constitution gives Congress the exclusive authority to de-clare war, but the last time Congress officially declared war was December 8, 1941, the day the U.S. entered World War II. Ever since, Congress has failed to uphold their constitutional responsi-bility and has instead ceded power to the President. So we remain in a state of perpetual war, led by Presidents in both parties, at great cost to the American people, with no declaration of war by Congress and no input from the American peo-ple. The direct and indirect costs of these Presidential wars are astounding. They take a toll on our troops, our veterans, and on the American people. Since 9/11 alone, we have spent tril-lions of dollars on regime-change wars and nation building, while people in our community suffer and struggle be-cause of a lack of resources here at home—not to mention the cost borne by our troops, those who pay the ulti-mate price as well as those who come home with wounds that are both visible and invisible. The American people deserve ac-countability. Mr. WALTER JONES and I have introduced bipartisan H. Res. 922 to make sure that Congress fulfills its constitutional role, ends Presidential wars, and has robust debate before making a decision to send our troops into battle. 
f 
SYRIAN LAW 10 (Mr. SESSIONS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to bring attention to the press-ing issue that has the potential to ex-ponentially worsen the humanitarian crisis in the war-torn country of Syria. I know I don’t need to remind this body or the American people of the dire circumstance that the Syrian people face as their country continues to be ripped apart by a known war criminal, their President, Bashar al-Assad. While millions of Syrians have fled the country, seeking asylum and safety in neighboring countries, the majority of these refugees’ only hope is to one day return back to their home. How-ever, the Syrian regime recently passed a law that will make that nearly im-possible. Law 10, passed in April of this year, forces all Syrians, regardless of where they are currently residing, to register and provide proof of ownership of their private properties in Syria within 30 days, or else they will be forced to hand their properties over to the state of Syria. This amounts to a massive land grab by the corrupt Syrian regime that would essentially push out the nearly 13 million displaced Syrians and ensure that they never have a chance to return home. Mr. Speaker, it is my hope that this body will understand this and we will speak loudly. I urge my colleagues and this administration to take a serious and critical look at this law that would have far-reaching implications for the United States and our allies who have of-fered these refugees temporary asylum in our nations and the disastrous consequences for the Syrian people for generations to come. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF NEYSA TONKS (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Neysa Tonks. Neysa attended the Route 91 festival in Las Vegas on October 1. Neysa was a single mother to her three kids: Kaden, Braxton, and Greysen. She worked at Technologent in Las Vegas and was known as being a fireball from the minute she woke up to the minute she went to bed. Neysa was spontaneous, adventurous, and full of life. She loved waterskiing, ziplining, hiking, jumping off water-falls, and traveling. She had even com-peted in a Tough Mudder with very lit-tle training. Despite her many adventures, she would always save time in the winter to carry out her tradition of packing hundreds of backpacks with supplies and delivering them to the less fortu-nate with her sons. Neysa was compassionate and had plans to retire early so she could spend more time with her boys. Neysa enjoyed going to concerts, laughing, and trying new things. Neysa is remembered as always being the life of the party. I would like to extend my condo-lences to Neysa Tonks’ family and friends. Please know that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and the whole country grieves with you. 
f 
NATIONAL PARKS AND RECREATION MONTH (Mr. COSTA asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise this morning to speak about our national parks and our parks and recreational opportunities. I grew up in California’s San Joaquin Valley, where we are blessed with some of the Nation’s most beautiful lands. Like many, I spent my youth exploring local Fresno recreational areas and the California State parks. My family and I, many times, visited Kings Canyon National Park and one of the crown jewels of all national parks, Yosemite Valley, seen in this striking photograph. Wallace Stegner, famous writer, his-torian, and environmentalist, once said: ‘‘Our national parks are the best idea we ever had. Absolutely American, absolutely democratic, they reflect us at our best rather than our worst.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:45 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.027 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6477 July 18, 2018 
July is Parks and Recreation Month, and I urge everyone across this great country to visit our parks and rec-reational areas. It is great for our fam-ilies and for all of us. Share in some-thing that reflects America at our best. Let us also remember that wildfires are a regular threat to our parks dur-ing this season. Fires are, sadly, burn-ing as we speak today near Yosemite National Park and throughout the West. Our thoughts and prayers are with those brave men and women fighting those fires, and their families, while protecting some of America’s most pre-cious resources. 
f 
RUSSIAN ENERGY INTERESTS IN EUROPE (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, control of energy equals national security. I rise to warn how Russia, through hy-brid warfare, seeks to destabilize and divide our closest European allies through control of their energy supply. As Americans well know, whoever controls the energy spigot controls the function of a nation. Russia uses its growing dominance of energy in Europe as its primary pressure point to desta-bilize the West and our allies. That is why I was floored that President Trump inserted himself so haphazardly into Europe’s energy debate. Nord Stream II poses new, troubling dependency threats by Russia on Eu-rope’s energy security and boosts un-democratic Russia’s claw hold on the European continent. Russia is weaponizing energy in countries across Europe, including Germany and Ukraine, creating a dangerous new de-pendency by those recipient nations. The fight for Ukraine’s liberty de-pends on its energy independence in the future, and the free world must help Europe and Ukraine reduce their economic reliance on Russian gas. Risking alienation of nations that share freedom’s values is counter-productive and aids and abets our en-emies. Mr. Speaker, I will include in the R
ECORD President Trump’s and Presi-dent Putin’s comments on this topic. 
f 
SPENDING BILL WILL DAMAGE OUR ENVIRONMENT (Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, later today the House will vote on a spend-ing bill for the Department of the Inte-rior. This bill is a travesty that will do enormous damage to our environment. It cuts critical funding that keeps our air clean and our water safe. This bill eliminates $100 million in funding from the Environmental Pro-tection Agency, $65 million from the Land and Water Conservation Fund, and $150 million from both the Clean Water State Revolving Fund and the Safe Drinking Water State Revolving Fund. It will make it more difficult to protect some bodies of water from pol-lution and endangered species from ex-tinction. Perhaps most troubling of all, it ac-tually eliminates protections that help keep lead out of our water. A vote for this bill is a vote to make our air more dangerous to breathe and our water less safe to drink. It is a reckless bill that should be opposed by all Members of this body. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ and to oppose this and to protect the quality of our air, our water, and our environment. Our con-stituents are depending upon us. f 
CONGRESS TO ELIMINATE FUND-ING FOR THE ELECTION ASSIST-ANCE COMMISSION (Mr. ELLISON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I, along with so many Americans, looked on with great shock as we saw the Presi-dent capitulate to Vladimir Putin. It was truly a stunning and worrisome moment for me. In fact, in that European trip, the President insulted our allies and then openly embraced a man who attacked our democracy, invaded and annexed other countries, and authorized lethal attacks on his political enemies and other countries. Yet the President still embraced him. It is a moment of alarm for the whole Nation, but it is important to note that there is something we can do about it, as the President has also urged the U.S. Congress to eliminate funding for the Election Assistance Commission. This is very serious because we know that Russia assisted in the hacking and attack of over 21 States’ election sys-tems. The President may not be con-cerned, but Congress ought to be. Unfortunately, today we expect to have a vote in which we are voting on a bill that eliminates the funding of the Election Assistance Commission. This should be rejected, as we should reject the President’s failure to stand up for our values. 
f 
PRESIDENT TRUMP’S LATEST TWEETS (Mr. GARAMENDI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, well, the latest tweets from the President: ‘‘So many people at the higher ends of intelligence loved my press con-ference performance in Helsinki.’’ Obviously, he is referring to Putin, because there are not many people in the United States who saw that press conference as a success. In fact, it was an unmitigated disaster. Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats said, ‘‘The red lights are blink-ing.’’ Our election process, our critical infrastructure, is being attacked by Russia, and what is the House of Rep-resentatives doing today? Eliminating funding to protect our election process. Obviously, those who vote for this re-duction in funding are not at the high-er levels of intelligence. f 
OUR RESPONSIBILITY TO DEFEND AMERICAN CONSTITUTIONAL DE-MOCRACY (Mr. RASKIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, earlier this week, the President put the ‘‘hel’’ and the ‘‘sink’’ back in ‘‘Helsinki’’ be-cause our Republic is sinking under the weight of his radical actions in capitulating to Vladimir Putin in the eyes of the world. Now, some of my colleagues have called this appeasement. I want to cor-rect that. Appeasement is a misguided policy where you give concessions in order to try to make peace and sta-bility with a dangerous, aggressive for-eign power. This was not appeasement. This was simple surrender. The President wasn’t trying to make peace with a hostile power. He was trying to capitulate and have us go over to the other side of the hostile power. The President has sided with authoritarianism, with every kleptocrat, dictator, despot, and tyrant on the planet Earth today. We the people of the United States and we in Congress have a responsi-bility now to defend American con-stitutional democracy. We must invest in our elections and fortify our elec-tions so we can begin to restore the principles we have lost under the ter-rible leadership of Donald Trump. 
f 
b1230 COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, July 18, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on July 18, 2018, at 11:28 a.m.: That the Senate passed without an amend-ment H.R. 6042. With best wishes, I am Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:45 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.018 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6478 July 18, 2018 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H. CON. RES. 119, EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF CONGRESS THAT A CARBON TAX WOULD BE DET-RIMENTAL TO THE UNITED STATES ECONOMY Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, by di-rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 1001 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 1001 Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-lution it shall be in order to consider in the House the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 119) expressing the sense of Congress that a carbon tax would be detrimental to the United States economy. All points of order against consideration of the concur-rent resolution are waived. The concurrent resolution shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the con-current resolution are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the concurrent resolution and preamble to adoption without intervening motion or de-mand for division of the question except one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Washington is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), pending which I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Dur-ing consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of de-bate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Washington? There was no objection. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, on Tuesday, the Rules Committee met and reported a rule, House Resolution 1001, providing for further consideration of the concurrent resolution, H. Con. Res. 119, expressing the sense of Congress that a carbon tax would be detrimental to the United States economy. The rule provides for consideration of the con-current resolution under a closed rule. Mr. Speaker, my district in central Washington demonstrates the strength in utilizing a diverse portfolio of en-ergy sources, while also working on the forefront of energy innovation in clean energy solutions for the future. From the mighty Grand Coulee Dam, which is the largest hydroelectric power producer in the United States, to the Chief Joseph Dam, to the series of lower Snake and lower Columbia River dams, our region is undoubtedly blessed with low-cost, clean, reliable, and renewable hydropower. In fact, hydropower provides our State with almost 70 percent of our en-ergy needs. Improvements made to this technology to improve the efficiency, the safety, and the productivity of hydro demonstrate the importance of constantly improving our energy tech-nologies. Now, while we do rely heavily on hy-dropower, Washington also utilizes an array of other energy sources, both produced and imported, including oil, natural gas, coal, and a number of re-newable energy sources such as wind and solar. My district is also blessed with the only nuclear generating station in the Pacific Northwest, and that is the Co-lumbia Generating Station, which is operated by Energy Northwest. Colum-bia produces 10 percent of the elec-tricity generated in Washington and is a reliable, clean energy producer not dependent on weather conditions like some renewables are. Mr. Speaker, my colleagues, while I am sure you are fascinated by this brief rundown of Washington State’s source of energy, you may be won-dering why I am speaking about such matters with the resolution before us today. The resolution says, quite simply, that it is the sense of Congress that a carbon tax would be detrimental to the United States economy—a simple statement. And while I could be spend-ing my time listening to many ways a harmful tax would harm our economy and the American people, I thought I would also offer a demonstration of the many resources we have at our disposal for strengthening America’s energy dominance. Many of my colleagues, much like myself, support what we can call an ‘‘all of the above’’ energy approach. We believe government should not be pick-ing winners and losers and should not be placing the thumb on the economic free-market scale. A carbon tax would be exactly that, a devastating hammer to what is currently an economy on the rise. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the resolution offered by the major-ity whip, Representative S
TEVE SCA-
LISE from the great State of Louisiana, to oppose a carbon tax carbon tax as a solution to address carbon emissions and climate change, because, quite frankly, Mr. Speaker, it simply is not a solution. However, that is not to say that I op-pose reducing carbon emissions. My constituents and the people of the great Pacific Northwest most certainly want a clean, healthy environment, and we should be doing everything we can to limit emissions. But a burden-some new tax that would fundamen-tally bring our innovative energy sec-tor and growing economy to a stand-still is not the answer. Further, a carbon tax fails to recog-nize the diversity of our Nation and the different energy resources that exist in the United States. Quite frankly, the resources that exist in the State of Washington certainly may not be present in the State of North Dakota or Louisiana or Massachusetts. We should be making clean energy more affordable, not making tradi-tional energy sources more expensive. We should be cutting burdensome regu-lations that constrain the development and deployment of energy, whether it be nuclear, fossil fuels, or hydropower. These regulatory burdens should be re-moved and reformed to spur clean en-ergy innovation with the power of mar-kets, not within the hands of govern-ment bureaucrats. Mr. Speaker, we, in central Wash-ington, have another prize gem in our backyard. I am proud to represent the people that work at the Pacific North-west National Laboratory. This pre-mier Department of Energy lab is on the forefront of energy innovation. From enabling safe and sustainable fos-sil fuel exploration production, trans-portation, conversion, and end use, to transforming the U.S. power grid to meet economic, environmental, and se-curity priorities for the 21st century, our national labs like PNNL delivers distinctive science and technology so-lutions for efficient and sustainable en-ergy. I am a proud member of the House Appropriations Energy and Water De-velopment and Related Agencies Sub-committee where we continue to prioritize strategic energy research and development that will increase U.S. economic growth, innovation, and com-petitiveness. Congress should continue to work on utilizing and empowering public-pri-vate partnerships to rapidly develop new technologies and then let the mar-ket catalyze its growth and commer-cial liability. There are great examples of these efforts taking place in the in-novative high-tech communities of the Tri-Cities, Washington, where experts from the private sector are partnering with research and support offered by PNNL to develop grid-scale storage so-lutions and small modular reactor technologies, fundamentally trans-forming the future of nuclear power generation and battery storage tech-nologies. Mr. Speaker, my constituents want energy security and want a clean envi-ronment. They want economic growth, job creation, and they want to keep their low-cost electricity. The way to a cleaner, more prosperous future for our Nation’s energy needs is not through more government bureaucracy. It is through empowering American innova-tion. That is why a carbon tax is wrong for my district in central Washington State. It is wrong for the entire State of Washington, and it is wrong for the United States of America. We need to innovate, rather than regulate the fu-ture of America’s energy dominance. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. (Mr. M
CGOVERN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:51 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.022 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6479 July 18, 2018 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Wash-ington (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ), for yielding me the customary 30 minutes for debate. Mr. Speaker, we are here today to de-bate a Republican sense of Congress resolution proclaiming that a carbon tax would be bad for the U.S. economy. That is it. That is how this majority is choosing to spend its precious legisla-tive time. I mean, this is a big nothing burger. Instead of considering legislation to address the administration’s horrific child separation policy at the border or addressing the surging cost of prescrip-tion drugs or taking action to address gun safety, or finally, finally holding Russia accountable for their inter-ference in the 2016 election, something the President himself has trouble ac-knowledging, we are here considering a sense of Congress stating that a carbon tax would be bad for America. You know, I don’t know how many of my Republican colleagues are sci-entists, but you might want to meet some and talk to some of them. They are smart people. They deal in facts. They deal in evidence. They deal in re-sults. Look, Mr. Speaker, as any third grader knows, the Earth revolves around the Sun, and if I drop a pen, it will fall to the table because of gravity. We know that smoking causes cancer, and we know that the Earth is not flat. We also know that climate change is real and that 97 percent of climate sci-entists agree that humans are the main cause. But Republicans are burying their heads in the sand with this glori-fied press release attacking a potential tool to combat it. But even worse than what we are doing is what the Republican majority is blocking from consideration. This week they blocked an amendment that would have provided much needed fund-ing to the Election Assistance Commis-sion to protect our elections from fur-ther Russian interference. This is out-rageous. Just days after President Trump sided with Putin over our own intelligence community, Republicans blocked funding to protect our elec-tions. Essentially, the President sold out America in Helsinki. So Republicans want to vote on a sense of Congress, let’s consider the resolution reiterating Speaker R
YAN’s statement in response to the Presi-dent’s terrible performance in Hel-sinki. It acknowledges Russia’s role in interfering in our election, and it af-firms our support for the intelligence community. But, of course, the major-ity has blocked that resolution. Instead, we are now debating our 92nd closed rule this Congress. This is the most closed Congress in history, with zero open rules. And for those in the gallery, the reason why this is im-portant is because the majority of bills that have come to this floor have come in a way that nobody can amend them. Nobody can change even a word in the bill. I mean, this is supposed to be the people’s House, not the Russia house. Mr. Speaker, this, what we are doing today, is a waste of time. We have real issues to address—substantive issues to address. The American people deserve more than show votes that throw red meat to the oil lobby. I would say to my Republican colleagues: Do your job. Listen to the American people. Start addressing some of their concerns, like the fact that we need to protect our election system from more Russian in-terference. That is a serious matter. All of our intelligence agencies have said it is a serious matter, that it hap-pened. b1245 And what is your response? You zero out money in an appropriations bill to help protect our election system. Then you block an amendment that would allow us to put the money back in. All we want is a fair fight. If you want to vote ‘‘no’’ on it, vote ‘‘no’’ on it. But the American people are con-cerned, even if you are not. Do your job. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from refer-ring to occupants in the gallery and are reminded to direct their remarks to the Chair. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, my friends on the other side seem to be focused on closed versus open rules. We hear that time and time again. They are ignoring that the structured amendment process has routinely been used by both parties when they were in the majority. This majority has made it a priority to make in order amendments for floor consideration, which, I might point out, a majority of those amendments have been Democratic-sponsored or co-sponsored. In fact, as of July 12 of this year, Republicans in this Congress, the 115th Congress, provided for the consid-eration of more than 1,650 amendments on the House floor: 745 of those were Democrat amendments; 630 were Re-publican amendments; and 280 were, proudly, bipartisan amendments, Mr. Speaker. So by no means are we stop-ping the process. That doesn’t even count the thousands and thousands of submissions that Members make, both Republican and Democrat, to commit-tees for consideration. Mr. Speaker, I take exception to the fact that this is a totally closed proc-ess. It is open for participation by every Member of the House who rep-resents constituents across this coun-try. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Ken-tucky (Mr. B
ARR). Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Con. Res. 119, express-ing the sense of Congress that a carbon tax would be detrimental to American families and businesses and is not in the best interest of the United States. Mr. Speaker, my colleague and friend from Massachusetts just said that we need to be addressing real concerns. Well, I respectfully submit, Mr. Speak-er, that the loss of paychecks of tens of thousands of Kentuckians over the last decade, as a result of a war on fossil en-ergy, is a major concern. Maybe not in Massachusetts, but men and women who have lost paychecks, whose lives have been devastated by overregula-tion, that is a real concern, Mr. Speak-er. This Congress, fortunately, in co-operation with this administration, is now leading our country back, not just toward energy independence, but en-ergy dominance and strong economic growth, and, finally, jobs as a priority, and energy security, by rolling back onerous regulations that have harmed livelihoods and threatened our grid re-siliency. Mr. Speaker, implementing a carbon tax would not only harm these efforts, but it would result in massive job losses, lead to higher prices for fami-lies and businesses, and jeopardize our energy security. My home State of Kentucky relies heavily on fossil fuels, as our coal re-sources provide our State thousands of jobs and deliver more than 83 percent of our electricity. This allows Kentuck-ians to enjoy some of the lowest aver-age electricity rates in the Nation. A carbon tax, Mr. Speaker, would be an attack on the poor. It would be an attack on people who cannot afford high electricity bills. The implementation of a carbon tax would be detrimental not only to Ken-tucky’s economy, but to the progress of our Nation, and the progress we are making toward energy resilience and freedom. Instead of increasing government mandates and regulations on indus-tries, and picking winners and losers, we should look for new, innovative ways to promote air quality and ad-dress environmental concerns. The best way to do that is not through central planning from Washington. It is to un-leash free enterprises to encourage in-novation and to harness the carbon cycle. Mr. Speaker, I am not a climate de-nier. I am not a science denier. I am a climate thinker. I am a science think-er. Real science is not just about as-sessing cost only. It is about looking at benefits as well. Those supporting a carbon tax look only at costs, but not benefits, of coal and other fossil en-ergy. Coal provides cheap, plentiful, reli-able energy over the long term. We should not want the most carbon-free energy. We should want the best en-ergy. We should want the most reliable energy. We should want the most effec-tive energy, energy that best facili-tates human life, human flourishing, and human progress. And that is what fossil energy is. Government mandates and central planning, like a carbon tax, add costs to private sector innovation, resulting in poor air quality and more, not less, global pollution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:51 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.024 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6480 July 18, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, in conclusion, the goal should not be green energy. The goal should be the advancement of the human condition. Mr. Speaker, I support H. Con. Res. 119, and I thank Representative S
CA-
LISE, our whip, for his efforts on this important issue. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I tried to get the gen-tleman from Kentucky to yield, but I guess he didn’t want to get into an ex-change. But he said that he is worried about Kentucky jobs. There is nothing in this bill that will protect one job anywhere. We are not debating a carbon tax. This is a sense of Congress. This is a press release. This is not going to pro-tect anybody’s paycheck. This is ridic-ulous. Are you going to go home to your constituents and say, ‘‘Oh, I did something for you. I passed a press re-lease’’? I mean, give me a break. The gentleman talks about the poor. If he is worried about the poor, then stop cutting Medicaid. If he is worried about the poor, stop cutting food as-sistance from people struggling in pov-erty, because that is what the Repub-lican majority has been doing consist-ently in this Congress. So I don’t need any lectures about that. To the gentleman from Washington (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ), my colleague, let me again say, because I think people need to have this sink in, this is the most closed Congress in the history of our country: 92 closed rules. That means that the majority of bills—I want my Republican colleagues to listen to this as well—the majority of bills have come to the floor where nobody, even Republicans, are allowed to offer any amendments—nothing. Is this the people’s House? Is this what you came to Washington to do, to shut out debate, to shut out good ideas? It is a disgrace. My hope is that the people of this country are watching and that they will send you a message in November. Mr. Speaker, I am going to ask my colleagues to defeat the previous ques-tion. If we do, I will offer an amend-ment to the rule to bring up H.R. 12, the Voter Empowerment Act, intro-duced by my colleague, Representative J
OHNLEWIS, which would ensure equal access to the ballot, modernize the voter registration system, and take steps to eliminate deceptive practices that deter voters from casting their ballots. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of my amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Massachusetts? There was no objection. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. L
EWIS), to discuss that proposal. Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ), for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to oppose this rule and to support the previous question. In a democracy, the right to vote is the most powerful nonviolent tool we have. Many people marched and pro-tested for the right to vote. Some gave a little blood, and others lost their lives. Some of you have heard me say that the right to vote is precious, almost sa-cred. In my heart of hearts, I believe that we should make it simple and con-venient for all of our citizens to be part of the democratic process. It should not matter whether you are Black or White, Latino, Asian-American, or Na-tive American. We should be able to participate in the democratic process. On March 7, 1965, I gave a little blood on the Edmund Pettus Bridge for the right to vote. Before the Voting Rights Act in 1965 was passed, some people had to count the number of bubbles in a bar of soap or the number of jelly beans in a jar. All across America today, when peo-ple go out to attempt to vote, they stand in long, immovable lines. That is not right, that is not fair, and it is not just. We can do better, and we must do better. We have a moral obligation, a mis-sion, and a mandate to empower all of the American people, not just a select few. We must do what is right, what is fair, and what is just. Today, our democracy is under at-tack, by forces within and forces abroad. We need to fix it and fix it now. For these reasons, I am proud to sponsor H.R. 12, the Voter Empower-ment Act, with my friends and my col-leagues. It is a good bill, a necessary bill, and a patriotic bill to protect and to preserve our voting system. Mr. Speaker, I urge each and every one of my colleagues to support the previous question. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. J
ENKINS ), my good friend. Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with my col-leagues, as you have heard just a mo-ment ago, in support of H. Con. Res. 119, which sends a strong message that a carbon tax would be devastating to the economy of the United States, and especially to my district in West Vir-ginia. I am so proud to cosponsor this reso-lution, along with the leadership of Majority Whip S
CALISE , and thank him for his strong and powerful work on this important issue. West Virginia is a coal State, unapologetic. Our coal miners and coal communities suffered greatly under the prior administration of Barack Obama and that administration’s anti-coal policies. But now, thanks to President Trump, West Virginia has hope for a better fu-ture. West Virginia is the second larg-est producer of coal in the country. Be-tween January and March of this year, mines in southern West Virginia pro-duced more than 12 million short tons of coal, a signal that the President’s policies are having a positive impact on the people of my State. When miners are put to work in West Virginia, the State’s economy flour-ishes. Check this out: West Virginia’s 2017 gross domestic product growth rate was one of the highest rates in the entire country. What a game changer for West Virginia. It shows that the President’s economic policies are working for everyday Americans. A carbon tax would undo many of these good economic results and would increase expenses for everyday Ameri-cans, including increasing power rates and the cost of groceries. A carbon tax is a bad idea. Wages could fall as much as 8.5 per-cent for American workers, and our manufacturers could see production halted by as much as 15 percent, sti-fling our economic recovery. Simply put, a carbon tax is an attack on the welfare of all Americans, especially on seniors and families on fixed incomes. A vote in support of this rule and res-olution is a vote supporting the hard-working men and women of West Vir-ginia and America who make this country great. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this week, Republicans have brought to the floor a bill that zeros out funding for a grant program to the Election Assistance Commission to help States and local governments secure our elections. Now, a news flash, Mr. Speaker—I hope my Republican friends are listen-ing—Russia was just caught meddling in our election. In fact, meddling is not strong enough. They attacked our country. When we discovered this, Mr. Q
UIGLEY offered an amendment to re-store this critical funding, and it was blocked in the Rules Committee. My friends in the Rules Committee won’t even let us vote on it. People may ask why, why can’t we have a vote on putting money back in to secure our election system. Well, the reason why, I think, is because we might win and that Democrats—and there are probably a lot of Repub-licans—would join with us in sup-porting the amendment. b1300 They denied it because it makes sense. It is common sense. We should be funding this program and, instead, we are debating a press release that my friends on the other side are so passionate about, that will do nothing for anybody. It is just a press release. We are not debating a carbon tax. We are debating a press re-lease. We ought to be protecting our election system. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from Wisconsin (Ms. M
OORE ) for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:51 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.029 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6481 July 18, 2018 
the purpose of a unanimous consent re-quest. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, standing under the revered E Pluribus Unum, I ardently plea for unanimous consent to amend the rules to make in order the Quigley amendment to restore des-perately needed funds to prevent the pernicious and nefarious Russian inter-ference in our elections. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky). The Chair would advise that all time has been yielded for the purpose of debate only. Does the gentleman from Washington yield for purposes of this unanimous consent request? Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I will reiterate my earlier announcement that all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only, and I will not yield for any other purpose. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Washington does not yield; therefore, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. R
ASKIN ) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to make in order the Quigley amendment to restore funds indispensable to prevent Russian interference in American elections in 2018. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair understands that the gentleman from Washington has not yielded for that purpose; therefore, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRY  
Mr. CICILLINE. Point of parliamen-tary inquiry, Mr. Speaker. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Rhode Island will state his parliamentary inquiry. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, does the vote on the matter pending before us include restoration of funding to protect our elections from Russian in-terference? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will not interpret the pending measure. Mr. CICILLINE. I am sorry, Mr. Speaker? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will not interpret the pending measure. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I am now proud to yield to the gentleman from my home State of Massachusetts (Mr. K
ENNEDY for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to amend the rule and make in order the Quigley amend-ment to restore funds to prevent Rus-sia from, again, interfering in our elec-tions. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair understands that the gentleman from Washington has not yielded for that purpose; therefore, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. GABBARD ) for the purpose of a unani-mous consent request. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to amend the rule to make in order the Quigley amend-ment to restore funds to help our States secure their vulnerable election systems. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair understands that the gentleman from Washington has not yielded for that purpose; therefore, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to amend the rule to make in order the Quigley amend-ment to restore funds to prevent Rus-sian interference in our elections. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair understands that the gentleman from Washington has not yielded for that purpose; therefore, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. T
ONKO ) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent to amend the rule to make in order the Quigley amendment to restore funds to prevent Russian in-terference in our elections. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair understands that the gentleman from Washington has not yielded for that purpose; therefore, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. V
EASEY ) for the purpose of a unani-mous consent request. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to amend the rule in order that the Quigley amendment restore funds to prevent Russian inter-ference in our elections. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair understands that the gentleman from Washington has not yielded for that purpose; therefore, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I am happy to yield to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
OFGREN ) for the purpose of a unanimous consent re-quest. Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to amend the rule to make in order the Quigley amend-ment to prevent the Russians from interfering in American elections. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair understands that the gentleman from Washington has not yielded for that purpose; therefore, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
ON-
ZALEZ ) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent to amend the rule to make in order the Quigley amendment to restore funds to prevent Russian interference in our elections. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair understands that the gentleman from Washington has not yielded for that purpose; therefore, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. W
ELCH ) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to amend the rule to make in order the Quigley amend-ment to restore funds to prevent Rus-sian interference in our elections. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair understands that the gentleman from Washington has not yielded for that purpose; therefore, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to amend the rule in order to make the Quigley amend-ment in order to restore urgently need-ed funds to prevent Russian inter-ference in our upcoming elections. And I would just ask the gentleman from Washington if he would yield for purposes of considering this unanimous consent amendment so that we can, to-gether, Democrats and Republicans, work together to protect the integrity of our elections. Restore funding so we can look our voters in the face and say, ‘‘Your vote counted. We are going to protect it from Russian interference.’’ I am imploring my friend on the other side of the aisle to permit this unanimous consent question so we can restore this urgent funding. This shouldn’t be a Republican or a Demo-cratic issue. It is an American issue. This is the integrity of our democracy. Will the gentleman yield to a unani-mous consent request? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair understands that the gentleman from Washington—— Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleague be permitted to an-swer the question. I have asked him will he yield. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman will be in order. Mr. CICILLINE. I have asked the gentleman from Washington: Will he yield? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman is not in order and is no longer recognized. Mr. CICILLINE. * * *. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair understands that the gentleman from Washington has not yielded for that purpose; therefore, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. As the Chair advised on January 15, 2014, and March 26, 2014, even though a unanimous consent request is not en-tertained, embellishments accom-panying such requests constitute de-bate and will become an imposition on the time of the Member who yielded for that purpose. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I don’t know what the hell else we can do over 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.031 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6482 July 18, 2018 
here. I mean, I appreciate the fact that the gentleman from Washington only wants to yield for debate only, but how about yielding so that we can act? I mean, I think the American people want us to do something. I mean, what happened in the 2016 election, what Russia did to our country, was a seri-ous matter. And I am going to tell you, it is not just Democrats that are con-cerned. I know Republicans and Inde-pendents are concerned as well. This is an American issue, and when our Nation is attacked, we come to-gether. We put partisanship aside. We act. We just don’t talk. We act. We have been trying, using every pro-cedural means we know. We have been appealing in the Rules Committee. We have been trying to bring these issues to the floor, and we get shut down every single time. This is unbelievable. I mean, history is going to look back on the inaction of this Congress with great shame. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, get-ting back to the resolution at hand about moving away from regressive taxes and top-down, Big Government regulation, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
ESSIONS ), the chairman of the Rules Committee. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, the facts of the case tend to find them-selves to the surface at some point or another, and, in fact, there was a vig-orous debate at the Rules Committee last night, yesterday. There was a vig-orous debate, and I do recognize that my Democratic colleagues simply lost the vote. It did not stop the debate, however, because an amendment was brought forward that each member of the Democratic Party voted for it at the Rules Committee. And under testimony that was given last night, it would be a counter play for the Democratic Party. When Re-publicans said we should not have a carbon tax, my Democratic colleagues came to the Rules Committee and ar-gued they would be for a bill that would raise hundreds of billions of dol-lars in taxes that would be placed on energy in this country, hundreds of bil-lions of dollars, at minimum. That is what they stood for. So the policy behind what we are talking about here is, we said we be-lieve that America should have a ro-bust energy policy that is not taxed, that harms the American people. We should have a system of not just eco-nomics, but of energy policy that would also include green energy; would also include nuclear energy, which I consider pretty clean since it is a non- emitting source; that we would also allow the marketplace to have natural gas and something which they vigor-ously want to defend, and that is, home heating fuel, which is diesel fuel to be dumped by the billions of gallons in the Northeast. Mr. Speaker, what we talked about yesterday also included the discussion about the Election Commission. In fis-cal year 2018, funding provided $380 mil-lion across the country for the Election Assistance Commission, which was a final payment that was made in 2002, of $3.65 billion, because, you see, way back in 2002, just before that, there was an election that many people thought the outcome was wrong; so Republicans agreed we would put $3.65 billion avail-able for States to buy what they would choose for brand new voting machines to ensure the assistance was given from the Federal Government to States for the security of the voting public. Of the 2018 funds this year, only weeks before the election, 39 percent of those dollars are still available. Thir-ty-nine percent has not even been asked for this year, and 19 States have yet to even ask for any application to be able to go in and update or change their system. The House Administration and the Homeland Security Committees are working diligently with law enforce-ment to find out what, if any, dif-ficulty there was in the balloting proc-ess. I have no doubt—none, no doubt— that there was interference in this last campaign election by outside forces, maybe even Russians. And it might not have just been Russians. It might have been a number of people. Special Counsel Robert Mueller said we were duped; the American people were duped. We did not recognize the interference. But I don’t know whether it was at the ballot box or getting people to the ballot box, their will or desire to vote, or how they would vote. I am not sure we know that yet. But the special counsel is going to let us know that. So, as we were talking about funding for 2018, 2019, Mr. Speaker, at this time there is no request for even 40 percent of the funds that we have. It is at the end of $3.65 billion. The States have had this fund available. So we think that the facts of the case, as we give them today, should be enough evidence, not only to you, Mr. Speaker, but for the American people that there is not at this time a request necessary for more money. b1315 I will cease my discussion now, Mr. Speaker, but will tell you that the res-olution that is directly in front of us says we should not tax the middle class of this country, we should not tax fur-ther disabled people or the community of elderly people who have enjoyed the price of fuel going down because of what the Republican policy initiatives have enabled us to achieve. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, sometimes I can’t be-lieve what is said on this House floor. Mr. Speaker, I would say to my friend, the distinguished chair of the Rules Committee, if he is so sure of his arguments on this issue, then bring the amendment to the floor, present your case, and let the majority of this House determine what we should do. I guar-antee you the majority of this House would vote to provide the money to the States and to local communities, be-cause they are hearing from their con-stituencies about how concerned they are about potential Russian meddling in our election. They are doubly concerned after the President’s horrific performance in Helsinki where he seemed to go out of his way to cozy up to Putin. So people are concerned. So the vote that we lost in the Rules Committee was not to enact this amendment, the Quigley amendment, to put the money back in so that the grants could go to States and local communities, the vote we lost—people need to understand this: the vote we lost was to have the ability to debate it and vote on it. This is the United States House of Representatives. That is what we are supposed to do. Stop the obstruc-tionism, especially on an issue like this. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. RASKIN ). Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I want to ask Mr. M
CGOVERN a question so we can get some clarity on where we are right now. As I understand it, one position is that the State election systems are fine, they don’t need any infusion of Federal help. And then there is another position, which you are advancing, which is that we need to put in hun-dreds of millions of dollars in order to secure the elections to prevent a repeat of the cyber sabotage and the cyber in-vasion that we experienced in 2016. And yet we are not getting a chance to vote on that. Is that right? Mr. M
CGOVERN. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. RASKIN. I yield to the gen-tleman from Massachusetts. Mr. M
CGOVERN. That is correct, we cannot vote on that. Mr. RASKIN. Well, why can we not vote on that? The American people are demanding that we defend our elec-tions against foreign attack. Why can we not even vote on that in the House of Representatives? Mr. M
CGOVERN. If the gentleman will continue to yield, when I offered the Quigley amendment, which would have allowed us to have this vote, all the Republicans voted ‘‘no.’’ Mr. RASKIN. I just saw dozens of our colleagues ask unanimous consent that they reconsider that position so the American people can have a hearing on whether or not we are going to have real elections in 2018. Have you been able to discuss it with the other side about whether they would be willing to entertain another unanimous consent motion so we can actually have a de-bate on this? Mr. M
CGOVERN. We can try one more time. We have been trying and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:51 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.032 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6483 July 18, 2018 
trying and trying, but they are insist-ent on blocking this amendment from even being considered. Mr. RASKIN. I thank the gentleman for his leadership on this, but this is a point of national emergency right now. This is our democracy, this is our Con-stitution that is at stake. And as I un-derstand it, every State of the Union wants election infusion funding coming from the Federal Government and needs it in order to fortify against cyber attack. In my State, in Maryland, we just were able to determine that a private vendor that is one of the lead contrac-tors in our election system has Russian ties and is being controlled by someone very close to Vladimir Putin. So we need an infusion of Federal help to for-tify our election. So please continue and do whatever you can with the Republicans just to allow us a vote on the floor. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I ap-preciate the gentleman’s comments. What this House needs is a little de-mocracy. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, we have no further speakers on this side of the aisle, but before I reserve my time, I just want to remind my good friends on the other side of the aisle that my colleague and good friend from Illinois, Mr. Q
UIGLEY , did offer this amendment in the Appro-priations Committee just last week. We did spend a great deal of time de-bating and discussing this idea. As the good chairman from the Rules Committee said, and I will repeat, of the funds that were appropriated, there were $380 million appropriated for the Election Assistance Commission, which was the last of the final payment of the $3.65 billion originally authorized under the Help America Vote Act of 2002. Of these 2018 funds, there are still 39 percent of these dollars available to the States. There is no crisis. The money is available to States that want those dollars for assistance. In fact, to date, my latest information, Mr. Speaker, there are still 19 States yet to submit an application. So there is no crisis. There is help available. States have an opportunity to receive the resources necessary to make sure we have what all American people want, that our elections are held with the utmost honesty and in-tegrity. Mr. Speaker, as I said, we have no more speakers, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, all these excuses. As the gentleman knows, hundreds of Members of this House don’t sit on the Appropriations Committee. Should they not have a voice on this issue? And, by the way, since that vote in the Appropriations Committee, a lot has changed in this country. If you are reading the news, 12 Russians were in-dicted for meddling in our election. The President of the United States went over to Helsinki and made nice with Vladimir Putin. That shocked not only the citizens of the United States, but the entire world. So I disagree with the gentleman when he says there is no crisis. There is a crisis and we need to address it. We need to do everything we can to pre-pare ourselves for another attack. All we are asking for is a vote. If the gentleman doesn’t think there is a crisis, doesn’t want to vote for this, he can vote ‘‘no,’’ that is his right, but for the hundreds of Members of this Chamber who would like a de-bate and a vote on this, give them that opportunity. The Rules Committee ought not to be a place where democracy goes to die, especially on issues like this. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. LOWENTHAL ). Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the rule. I want to return to the fact that it is a scientific fact that climate change is occurring and that human activity is the primary cause of that change. Its destructive physical and eco-nomic effects are already being felt throughout the United States and, in fact, throughout the world. This reso-lution simply denies that reality. Entire American towns are beginning to be displaced due to sea level rise, and desperate attempts to save these communities through costly infra-structure projects are costing Amer-ican taxpayers millions of dollars a year. In my home State of California, wild-fire seasons are becoming longer. Actu-ally, it is not a season. It is now year- round. They are stronger, they are more destructive, and they are costing, thereto, American taxpayers millions of dollars each year. Yet despite these rising costs, rather than working on a solution towards this pressing problem, House Repub-licans have put forth a resolution that denies that climate change is a costly problem and that we are passing it on to our kids and our grandkids. They put forth a resolution that attempts to shut the door on any conversation about policies that can both promote economic growth and at the same time curb harmful pollution and protect the planet. Mr. Speaker, let’s deal with reality rather than denying reality. The Safe Climate Caucus members have been calling for real conversations on the causes, impacts, and solutions of cli-mate change for years. Instead of proposing ways to reduce carbon pollution or allowing construc-tive congressional dialogue on how to avoid costly climate damages, the Re-publican majority continues to refuse to even have this conversation about how to address one of the greatest threats to human survival on this plan-et. We have not seen any serious solu-tions put forth by Republicans in Con-gress in nearly a decade. Mr. Speaker, this resolution is a waste of time, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. T
ONKO ). Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Americans across our country are very much suffering the negative ef-fects of climate change. They expect Congress to respond with a plan. We may not agree on all the details, but our constituents deserve a serious de-bate. This resolution is not serious. It re-flects an extreme rightwing climate in-action plan: embrace denial, sow disinformation, and cash checks from polluters. This resolution reveals the hypocrisy of the Republican energy strategy. They claim to care about innovation, but support budget cuts to critical re-search programs like ARPA-E and EERE. They claim to care about economic growth, but ignore the millions of jobs that have been created in the clean en-ergy universe and fail to see the oppor-tunities to add millions more. They claim to care about low-income Americans, but cheer the rollback of environmental standards that would protect them. They claim to support free markets, but fail to speak out when President Trump suggests unprecedented market interventions to bail out uncompeti-tive coal plants at great expense to Americans, especially manufacturers. Make no mistake: greenhouse gases are serious pollutants that will have long-term consequences. America needs a climate plan, not a love letter to polluters. Members that support this resolution are sending a clear message to the American people that they care more about polluters’ interests than the peo-ple we are asked to serve. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to reject this misguided resolution. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
ONZALEZ ). Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, today we speak about the most egregious acts from this administra-tion, one after another after another, but I will not forget about our chil-dren. I rise today to tell my fellow Mem-bers of Congress that I am appalled over reports of the mistreatment and abuse towards children at the Shiloh Residential Treatment Center. The facility is under contract with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services and located just south of Houston, Texas. The Shiloh facility is owned and operated by the same en-tity that formerly operated Daystar Treatment Center in Manvel, Texas. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:51 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.034 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6484 July 18, 2018 
You may remember this place. Daystar was closed because of the way in which they physically restrained children that led to the death of three teenagers. In most cases, children were hog-tied. Now, instead of being hog-tied, they are drugging children into submission. One child was prescribed ten different shots and pills, including the antipsychotic drug Latuda, Geodon, and olanzapine. We are giving them Parkinson’s medications, we are giving them pain medications, antidepressants, and cognizant enhancers. This is a disgrace. Federal District Judge Laughrey re-cently explained: ‘‘Psychotropic drugs are powerful medications that directly affect the central nervous system. They are particularly potent when ad-ministered to children. . . . They are more vulnerable to psychosis, seizures, irreversible movement disorders, suici-dal thoughts, and aggression. . . . ’’ This is a disgrace and this is un- American and it must stop now. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. W
ELCH ). Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, we have a carbon tax. It is invisible, it is relentless, it is puni-tive, and it is entirely avoidable. According to NOAA, in 2017, the U.S. had 16 disasters with damage exceeding a billion dollars each. With three dev-astating hurricanes, extreme wildfires, hail, flooding, tornados, and drought, the United States tallied a record high bill for weather-related disasters, $306 billion. That is a carbon tax. Western wildfires, fanned by hot, dry conditions, racked up $18 billion in damage, triple the previous U.S. wild-fire record. That is a carbon tax. The U.S. has sustained, between 1980 and 2017, we had an average billion-dol-lar events of six a year; in the last 5 years, it has been close to 12. b1330 In the coming decade, economic losses from extreme weather, combined with the health cost of air pollution, spiral upwards to at least $360 billion every single year. That is a carbon tax. The second thing I want to say is this: A confident nation faces its chal-lenges. It doesn’t deny them. If we ac-knowledge that we have a climate cri-sis, we can create jobs by solving it. Energy efficiency, renewable energy, storage batteries, all of these things that are being embraced by Vermont entrepreneurs are resulting in the big-gest growth of jobs in our State, which is in the renewable energy sector. So we can make a better economy by ac-knowledging our problem. And, third, I want to speak to Mr. J
ENKINS because he represents some of the hardest working, best people in this country, and those are the West Virginia coal miners. They kept the lights on in Vermont for us for a cen-tury, and I thank them. And it is why I worked with Mr. MCKINLEY to make certain those coal miners got their healthcare benefits and why I am con-tinuing to fight so that those coal min-ers get their pensions. But we can help them with a carbon tax that returns all of whatever it is they contributed back to them and their communities so they can have a future. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, may I make an inquiry of the gentleman from Washington? I know the gentleman said he has no further speakers, but we are being in-undated with speakers on this side. Does the gentleman want to maybe send a few minutes our way? Mr. NEWHOUSE. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. M
CGOVERN. I yield to the gen-tleman from Washington. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, as tempting as that sounds, I think that the adequate 30 minutes per side is enough for both of us. Mr. M
CGOVERN. I thought I would ask. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Maine (Ms. P
IN-
GREE ). Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to the rule and to the underlying bill. But as my col-league from Massachusetts said, this isn’t really a bill. It is a press release. It is a love note to the fossil fuel indus-try. We should have an open rule on the floor for this resolution so that we can talk about the real issues around cli-mate change, so that we can talk about the effects of a changing growing sea-son and the effects of extreme weather on our farms and fishing communities, so that we can talk about sea level rise and ocean acidification on our coastal communities, so that we can talk about the impacts of changing climates on health and healthcare costs. We are seeing these problems in my home State and in the Gulf of Maine, in particular, where the water is warm-ing at a rate 90 percent faster than the rest of the world. We don’t know what impact that will have on the lobsters, groundfish, and future fisheries, but the fishermen are worried, and we are already starting to see the changes. We are putting our heads in the sand if we just do nothing, if we keep sup-porting fossil fuels, and if we keep pre-venting even a simple debate on the costs of carbon and possible climate so-lutions. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose the rule and oppose this bill. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentle-woman from Maine, as well as the gen-tleman from Vermont, getting back to the debate at hand. I just want to share a few things that I have learned from a recent poll con-ducted by the Institute for Energy Re-search. They found that a resounding 85 percent of respondents agreed that we should not make energy more ex-pensive. Even more tellingly than that, though, when asked whether they trusted the Federal Government to spend the money from a tax on carbon emissions wisely, only 18 percent of the respondents felt that they would, while 74 percent said that they did not feel that way. An overwhelming 73 percent of re-spondents agreed that the last thing that we need is higher taxes or more bureaucracy. And, lastly, 85 percent of respondents feared that consumers will wind up paying the cost associated with a tax or regulation, exactly what we have been saying. The fact of the matter is, Mr. Speak-er, the American people remain pro-foundly skeptical of government intru-sion into the free markets, and like I said before, a carbon tax would be wrong for our Nation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT ). Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, a debate on the topic of climate change on the floor of the House is long over-due. Those who care about the future of our planet and our species have waited for Congress to begin working on negotiating some sort of sensible so-lution to climate change for years. A topic of this gravity deserves our at-tention. Now, Republicans have been in charge of Congress for the 5
1⁄2years that I have been here, but have they brought a new idea to the floor today? Have they proposed a solution? Are they taking the threat seriously? Do they believe in science? Today’s debate makes it clear that the answer is no. Instead of a proposed solution, we are wasting our time with an empty par-tisan resolution, a misleading and false resolution that doesn’t do anything more than thoughtlessly swat away an idea that deserves careful consider-ation. Solutions do exist. We can design market-based climate policies that would greatly reduce greenhouse gases. If we design the policy right, it can help low-income and middle class citi-zens, while creating jobs and spurring innovation. I believe it is important for us to focus our attention on things like im-migration, on the economy, on healthcare. Well, climate change is impacting immigration. In 2017, The New York Times reported that 10 percent of Mexi-cans age 15 to 65 could eventually try to emigrate north as a result of rising temperatures. Climate change is impacting the economy. Hurricanes Irma and Harvey cost this Nation $280 billion. That is just the beginning. Climate change is impacting our health. This includes extreme weather events, vec-tor-borne diseases, chronic conditions, and things like that. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:51 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.036 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6485 July 18, 2018 
Today, instead of posing a sensible solution, instead of seeking a produc-tive discussion on the options at our disposal, Republicans have decided ut-terly to reject a possible market-based solution without any evidence or jus-tification, without any hearings or real debate, without regular order. Mr. Speaker, I oppose this rule and this resolution, and I encourage my colleagues to do the same. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. B
EYER ). Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to oppose the rule that would permit a House vote on the most shortsighted, antimarket sense of the House on a carbon tax. For decades, economists across the ideological spectrum have argued that carbon price is the most efficient way to discourage the use of fossil fuels and the best way to encourage the growth of energy efficiency measures, alter-native energy sources, and market de-cisions on everything from housing to transportation. Indeed, this is the preferred solution to climate change by those on the right, by the Republican public intel-lectuals and think tanks, which is why it is baffling that a Republican con-gressional leadership would want to at-tack their preferred policy option. It is axiomatic economics that we tax the things we want to discourage. The scientific evidence continues to ac-cumulate in prodigious amounts that carbon pollution is profoundly chang-ing the climate of our Earth. The costs of inaction are staggering, into the bil-lions. Carbon pricing is the most market- oriented policy action we can take to combat this. Designed well, the eco-nomic dividend will put much more money into the hands of the American people and will grow our economy more quickly. History will look back on this House resolution with sadness and regret. Once again, we will have chosen short- term profits of the fossil fuel titans over the long-term survival and pros-perity of mankind on our planet. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time I have remain-ing. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Massachusetts has 3
1⁄2 minutes remaining. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Mary-land (Mr. D
ELANEY ). Mr. DELANEY. Mr. Speaker, the sci-entists have spoken. Climate change is happening, human behavior is contrib-uting to it, and it is a long-term threat to our prosperity and our national se-curity. But climate change is also the ulti-mate, very large problem that moves very slowly, which makes it particu-larly poorly matched with the political system we have today. And what causes me great concern is when wrongheaded resolutions which I op-pose—and I oppose the rule associated with it—are put to the floor of this House to discourage this House from proposing the most effective and most successful way of dealing with climate change, which is to put a price on car-bon. We can take all of those revenues and return them to the American people. We can wall them off from government spending. There is a whole variety of approaches we could take to ensure that the revenues generated from tax-ing carbon pollution are returned to the American people. As a Congress, wouldn’t we rather tax pollution than tax hardworking Americans? That is what a carbon tax will do. I encourage my colleagues to reject this resolution and allow us to have the real debate the American peo-ple deserve on this floor. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ). Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, this resolution encapsulates what is wrong with the Republican manage-ment of this Congress. It is a cartoon that doesn’t deal with the underlying issues. They conjure up an imaginary carbon tax when there are real pro-posals to price carbon before commit-tees in Congress now. Instead of engaging in fantasy, we could have a debate about real legisla-tion that would satisfy their answers and be able to deal with what our re-sponsibilities are in the future. What we are talking about today en-capsulates the failure of Republican leadership in this Congress. They can’t deal with immigration. They can’t deal meaningfully with climate change and carbon pollution. Instead, we are deal-ing with empty gestures. Mr. Speaker, I strongly suggest we reject this rule and get down to busi-ness. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, can I just double-check and inquire of the gentleman whether he has any addi-tional speakers over there? Mr. NEWHOUSE. Will the gentleman yield? MR. McGOVERN. I yield to the gen-tleman from Washington. Mr. NEWHOUSE. We are prepared to close on the Republican side. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, is my understanding correct that I have 1
1⁄2 minutes remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Massachusetts has 1
1⁄2 minutes remaining. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I cannot believe that we are here debating a press release. We are not debating a carbon tax. We are debating a press release. I would say to my friends on the other side of the aisle: If you are against the carbon tax, go back to your office and issue a press release and send it to your local newspapers, because that is what this is. We are wasting precious time on this floor when there are other issues. We have children being separated from their parents at the border. We have prescription drug prices that are sky-rocketing. We need an infrastructure bill. We have gun violence in this coun-try that is out of control, where there are massacres occurring on a regular basis. And what are we doing? We are doing a press release. This is shameful. And on the issue of Russian inter-ference in our elections, we ought to be having a debate on an amendment to provide more funds to States and local authorities to protect their election systems. The gentleman from Washington says: Oh, there is still 39 percent of the money left. They don’t need it. I think his information is old, because we are told that every single State has put in a request for additional assistance. Why don’t we debate that and vote on it and do the right thing? I am looking at a New York Times article that just appeared today where the President of the United States, Donald Trump, says Russia is no longer targeting the U.S. I mean, is this for real? What is wrong with him? It is time for Congress to stage an intervention with him and tell him to listen to his intelligence agencies who contradict what he has just said this morning. This is urgent. We can’t count on the President of the United States to do the right thing. Congress needs to stand up. Congress needs to be counted. Vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question. Vote ‘‘no’’ on this rule. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the oppor-tunity to engage with my good friend and colleague from the State of Massa-chusetts, especially on a particularly important issue such as carbon tax. It is my feeling and the feeling of the majority of this House that we need to move away from aggressive taxes and top-down Big Government regulation. We need to get behind innovative-cen-tric solutions that remove bureau-cratic barriers to clean, affordable, and reliable energy technology and allow for real global carbon emission reduc-tions. Our affordable and reliable energy supply must be the focus, along with a cleaner environment and a stronger economy. A carbon tax simply would not yield those kinds of results. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the rule and support the under-lying legislation, H. Con. Res. 119, which is simply this: Expressing the sense of Congress that a carbon tax would be detrimental to the United States economy. The material previously referred to by Mr. M
CGOVERN is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 1001 O FFERED BY  M
R. MCGOVERN  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC. 2. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.038 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6486 July 18, 2018 
clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 12) to modernize voter registration, promote access to voting for in-dividuals with disabilities, protect the abil-ity of individuals to exercise the right to vote in elections for Federal office, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally di-vided among and controlled by the respec-tive chairs and ranking minority members of the Committees on House Administration, the Judiciary, Science, Space and Tech-nology, Veterans’ Affairs, Oversight and Government Reform. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or with-out instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Com-mittee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. S
EC. 3. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 12. T
HEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule. . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. b1345 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or votes objected to under clause 6 of rule XX. The House will resume proceedings on postponed questions at a later time. 
f 
SUPPORTING UNITED STATES IM-MIGRATION AND CUSTOMS EN-FORCEMENT Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 990) supporting the officers and personnel who carry out the important mission of the United States Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The text of the resolution is as fol-lows: H. R ES. 990 Whereas the national security interests of the United States are dependent on the brave men and women who enforce our Nation’s immigration laws; Whereas abolishing United States Immi-gration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) would mean open borders because it would eliminate the main agency responsible for removing people who enter or remain in our country illegally; Whereas calls to abolish ICE are an insult to these heroic law enforcement officers who make sacrifices every day to secure our bor-ders, enforce our laws, and protect our safety and security; Whereas abolishing ICE would allow dan-gerous criminal aliens, including violent and ruthless members of the MS–13 gang, to re-main in American communities; Whereas during fiscal year 2017, ICE En-forcement and Removal Operations (ERO) arrested more than 127,000 aliens with crimi-nal convictions or charges; Whereas ICE ERO made 5,225 administra-tive arrests of suspected gang members in fiscal year 2017; Whereas criminal aliens arrested by ICE ERO in fiscal year 2017 were responsible for more than— (1) 76,000 dangerous drug offenses; (2) 48,000 assault offenses; (3) 11,000 weapon offenses; (4) 5,000 sexual assault offenses; (5) 2,000 kidnapping offenses; and (6) 1,800 homicide offenses; Whereas ICE Homeland Security Investiga-tions made 4,818 gang-related arrests in fis-cal year 2017; Whereas ICE identified or rescued 904 sexu-ally exploited children; Whereas ICE identified or rescued 518 vic-tims of human trafficking; Whereas abolishing ICE would mean that countless illegal aliens who could pose a threat to public safety would be allowed to roam free instead of being removed from American soil; Whereas abolishing ICE would mean more dangerous illegal drugs flowing into our communities, causing more Americans to needlessly suffer; Whereas ICE plays a critical role in com-batting the drug crisis facing our Nation; Whereas ICE seized more than 980,000 pounds of narcotics in fiscal year 2017, in-cluding thousands of pounds of the deadly drugs fueling the opioid crisis; Whereas ICE seized 2,370 pounds of fentanyl and 6,967 pounds of heroin in fiscal year 2017; Whereas ICE logged nearly 90,000 investiga-tive hours directed toward fentanyl in fiscal year 2017; Whereas abolishing ICE would leave these drugs in our communities to cause more dev-astation; Whereas abolishing ICE would mean elimi-nating the agency that deports aliens that pose a terrorist threat to the United States; Whereas ICE was created in 2003 to better protect national security and public safety after the 9/11 terrorists exploited immigra-tion laws to gain entry into the United States; Whereas the National Commission on Ter-rorist Attacks found that many of the 9/11 hijackers committed visa violations; Whereas ICE identifies dangerous individ-uals before they enter our country and lo-cates them as they violate our immigration laws; and Whereas abolishing ICE would enable the hundreds of thousands of foreign nationals who illegally overstay their visa each year to remain in the United States indefinitely: Now, therefore, be it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JY7.011 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6487 July 18, 2018 
Resolved, That the House of Representa-tives— (1) expresses its continued support for all United States Immigration and Customs En-forcement (ICE) officers and personnel who carry out the important mission of ICE; (2) denounces calls for the abolishment of ICE; and (3) supports the efforts of all Federal agen-cies, State law enforcement, and military personnel who bring law and order to our Na-tion’s borders. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on H. Res. 990, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I strongly support H. Res. 990 introduced by C
LAYHIGGINS to express our support for the men and women of the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement. Recently, Democrats nationwide, from the mayor of New York City to Senators G
ILLIBRAND and W ARREN , have recklessly called for the abolish-ment of ICE, the agency within the De-partment of Homeland Security charged with enforcing Federal immi-gration laws within our Nation’s inte-rior. They have used rhetoric that is both bewildering and deeply troubling. New York gubernatorial candidate Cynthia Nixon has gone so far as to call ICE a ‘‘terrorist organization.’’ The Demo-cratic candidate for the 14th Congres-sional District of New York just yes-terday stated: ‘‘We have to occupy all of it. We need to occupy every airport. We need to occupy every border. We need to occupy every ICE office. . . . ’’ What is remarkable is that these calls would undo what has been our singular bipartisan achievement on im-migration over the last two decades— the creation of ICE, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, and U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services. The late Barbara Jordan was one of the most distinguished persons ever to serve in this body. She was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom and NAACP’s highest honor, the Spingarn Medal for highest and noblest achieve-ment by a living African American. She was appointed by President Clin-ton to be chair of the U.S. Commission on Immigration Reform. Her commis-sion found that: 
Immigration law enforcement requires staffing, training, resources, and a work cul-ture that differs from what is required for ef-fective adjudication of immigration benefits. Separating enforcement and benefits func-tions will lead to more effective enforce-ment. The commission is particularly concerned that although the removal system produced more than 100,000 final removal orders each year, the system did not have the cor-responding capacity to remove the individ-uals subject to those orders. It noted that: 
The system is bogged down with increasing numbers of aliens who are put into removal proceedings, released due to a lack of deten-tion space, and never appear at their hear-ings, or are never deported after a final order of removal is issued. We must enable the im-migration system to deliver better on its commitment to actually remove those who are issued final orders. 
Those are the words of Barbara Jor-dan’s Commission. Following upon the Barbara Jordan Commission’s recommendation, S
HEILA  J
ACKSON LEEintroduced the Immigra-tion Restructuring and Accountability Act establishing an Office of Immigra-tion Enforcement to: 
Implement the removal of deportable and inadmissible aliens from the United States. 
Ms. J ACKSON LEEhas stated: 
I have been a champion for years when it comes to restructuring the Immigration and Naturalization Service. I have been arguing for years that we need to separate out serv-ices and enforcement functions of the INS. 
In 2001, then-Judiciary Committee Chairman J
IMSENSENBRENNER intro-duced the Barbara Jordan Immigration Reform and Accountability Act which proposed to abolish the INS and estab-lished separate offices for immigration enforcement and the provision of im-migration benefits. The bill was a bi-partisan juggernaut. It passed the Ju-diciary Committee by a vote of 32–2 and this body by a vote of 405–9. A
LCEE HASTINGS stated during floor consideration that: 
I want to commend the authors of this bill. They have produced a bipartisan bill that is sure to improve performance and account-ability. I think Mr. Sensenbrenner and Mr. Conyers have done an outstanding job. 
The Barbara Jordan Immigration Re-form and Accountability Act was, in ef-fect, enacted into law as part of the Homeland Security Act. In creating DHS, it transferred over the INS’s functions and placed responsibility over Immigration and Customs En-forcement in the same directorate. President Bush placed the final piece of the puzzle in 2003 when he submitted a DHS reorganization plan that created the Bureau of Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement with the primary mission of: 
Enforcing the full range of immigration and customs laws within the interior of the United States. 
In that bygone era, House Democrats were committed to effective enforce-ment of our immigration laws. This was further evidenced by the fact that in 1996, a majority of Democrats voted for L
AMAR SMITH’s omnibus immigra-tion enforcement legislation that was to be enacted as the Illegal Immigra-tion Reform and Immigrant Responsi-bility Act. That commitment has inexorably withered away. By 2005, only 36 House Democrats voted for JIMSENSEN -
BRENNER ’s Border Protection, Anti-Ter-rorism, and Illegal Immigration Con-trol Act. Just a few weeks ago, not one Democrat voted for either of two bills that would have resuscitated immigra-tion enforcement—the Securing Amer-ica’s Future Act or the Border Security and Immigration Reform Act. House Democrats once worked col-laboratively with Republicans to im-prove the effectiveness of Federal im-migration enforcement. I hope that we will resume that soon. Now it appears that they are outraged when ICE has the audacity to actually enforce the laws that we have enacted. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote on both sides of the aisle for H. Res. 990. Let’s honor the work of Bar-bara Jordan and our Republican and Democratic colleagues who joined to-gether to create ICE, and the brave men and women of ICE to whom we owe so much. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this resolution is the legislative equivalent of fiddling while Rome is burning. Our President takes to the world stage to side with a hos-tile foreign power over his own intel-ligence services. Here at home he en-gages in government-sponsored child abuse in the form of a family separa-tion policy that continues to terrorize children as young as 6 months. This nonbinding resolution before us would do nothing to bring about a fair and just immigration system. In fact, it would do nothing at all. It is just a meaningless political stunt to change the subject from the international and domestic shame unleashed on us by President Trump. The President imposed the family separation policy, and his administra-tion never even considered how to en-sure that the children would eventu-ally reunite with their families. Now, nearly 3,000 children remain separated, and they do not know when, or even if, they will ever see their parents again. Many of these children were ripped from the arms of their mothers and fa-thers, and their anguish is unimagi-nable. But this bill would do nothing to re-verse this disastrous and cruel family separation policy. It would do nothing to ensure that parents and children are accurately tracked so that families can be reunited, and it would do nothing to address the horrendous conditions sep-arated children are being subjected to. For example, 14-month-old Baby M— we must use a pseudonym—was sepa-rated from his mother for 85 days at 14 months and he returned so full of dirt and lice that it appeared he had not been bathed the entire time he was in Federal custody. His mother Olivia 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JY7.005 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6488 July 18, 2018 
says that he is not the same since they were reunited, and he cries whenever he does not see her out of fear that he might be left alone again. Mr. Speaker, this is a humanitarian crisis. We do not have the time to waste with political stunts like this bill while the moral fiber of our coun-try is torn apart. I will be voting ‘‘present’’ on this bill, because I have no desire to play the Republican’s immoral games right now. We have much more important things to do. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. H
IGGINS ), who is the chief sponsor of this legislation. Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, for weeks now, the abolish ICE movement has been growing in popularity on the left with many Democrats embracing this radical pol-icy stance. I find it extremely ironic that calls to abolish the Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement Agency come only 1 year after 159 House Democrats voted to pass landmark legislation intro-duced by my colleague, Chairman M
I-
CHAEL MCCAUL, reauthorizing ICE and other DHS agencies for the first time since their inception after 9/11. Mr. Speaker, calls to abolish ICE are reckless, dangerous to America’s na-tional security, and threaten the well- being of our ICE agents. As a member of the thin blue line, this attack on ICE is personal to me. The men and women of ICE serve as America’s frontline defenders against human, drug, and weapons traffickers. ICE agents locate, arrest, and deport violent gang members and criminal aliens who threaten public safety. Last year alone, ICE arrested more than 127,000 criminal aliens responsible for: 76,000 drug offenses, 48,000 assault offenses, 11,000 weapons offenses, 5,000 sexual assault offenses, 2,000 kidnap-ping offenses, and 1,800 homicide of-fenses. Further, ICE agents made more than 4,800 gang-related arrests, rescued 518 victims of human trafficking, and seized 1 million pounds of narcotics last year. The campaign against ICE is the lat-est rallying cry for open borders, the latest call to prioritize illegal immi-grants over American citizens, and the latest shrill cacophony from the left to vilify and demonize frontline law en-forcement in America. Democrats are making it very clear to the American people that they stand against efforts to secure America’s bor-ders. Americans overwhelmingly sup-port law and order. I speak for a coali-tion of conservative Members of Con-gress as I introduce this resolution af-firming support for ICE personnel and condemning the dangerous call from the left to abolish ICE. Let me state further that affirming support for ICE should not be the end of our efforts. We should be doing more to secure our borders and provide frontline defenders with the resources necessary to accomplish their mission, and we should end dangerous sanctuary policies. Today the House will vote on our res-olution formally stating congressional support for ICE personnel and their mission. b1400 Despite the rhetoric being pushed by the left, the American people support Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment. Their service should be re-spected. Very soon, we the people will know where every Member of this Con-gress stands. Mr. Speaker, it saddens me to say it has been brought to my attention that some of my colleagues across the aisle plan to vote ‘‘present’’ on today’s reso-lution. I would remind them that our constituents elected us as their voice in the people’s House. We were not elected to be silent. The American peo-ple deserve to know where every Mem-ber of this body stands. To vote ‘‘present’’ on this resolution reflects fear. The American citizenry deserves a courageous vote. I urge my colleagues to look into their hearts, vote on this resolution re-flective of your own deepest belief, and, as you do so, remember that we all have been elected to serve American citizens, American interests, and America’s future. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. L
OFGREN ), the ranking Democrat on the Immigration and Bor-der Security Subcommittee. Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I sup-port fair and humane enforcement of our immigration laws, but that is not what this resolution is about. It is nothing but a ploy to distract us from critical issues facing our country. A most urgent issue now is the need to reunify thousands of children, in-cluding babies, who were forcefully torn from their parents’ arms at the border. Despite court orders requiring reunification, more than 2,000 remain separated from their parents. This bill does nothing to address that humanitarian crisis, a crisis created by President Trump’s so-called zero-toler-ance policy. The bill does nothing, for example, to more quickly reunify children like Jef-ferson, a 6-year-old boy taken from his father after traveling together from Guatemala, seeking asylum. They were kept apart for almost 2 heart-wrench-ing months. When they were finally reunified 3 days ago, the traumatic effects of the separation were clear. Jefferson was unemotional, with a vacant look in his eyes. He thought, for those 2 excru-ciating months, that his father no longer loved him or that he was dead. Jefferson had a cough, bruises, and a rash all over his body. It is not clear whether Jefferson will ever fully re-cover emotionally. There are many more kids like Jef-ferson who remain separated from their parents. As Members of Congress, we can’t sit on the sidelines as witnesses to govern-ment-sponsored child abuse. We must take concrete steps to end this tragedy and pass legislation to prevent it from ever happening again, and this resolu-tion doesn’t do that. This resolution does not even acknowledge the plight of babies separated from their mothers, nor does it make any recommendations for family reunification. This resolution is nothing more than a feeble attempt at political games-manship. The resolution shows the Re-publican majority is unwilling to solve our immigration crisis, just as they are unwilling to tackle rising healthcare costs, wage stagnation, a pending trade war, and the President’s lovefest with Russia. With a little more than a week left before the August recess, the Repub-lican majority is more interested in po-litical games than actually governing. Rather than doing anything mean-ingful for the American people, we are wasting our time on a political stunt. It is just shameful. I refuse to play this game. I intend to vote ‘‘present’’ on this meaningless resolution and urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. SENSENBRENNER ), the former chairman of the House Judici-ary Committee. Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Speak-er, I rise in support of the selfless men and women who serve at Immigration and Customs Enforcement. These brave individuals risk their lives every day to protect our Nation and enforce our laws. They deserve our admiration and support, not a ‘‘present’’ vote. It is disgusting and unconscionable that Members of the political left, Members in this very Chamber, con-tinue to denigrate these patriots. One prominent gubernatorial candidate de-clared ICE a terrorist organization. A House Member called ICE fascist. An-other Member of this body said that ICE agents, who were just doing their job, were cowardly. I wish that I was making this up. Talk about shameful statements, talk about inflammatory statements to a law enforcement agency that is respon-sible for the internal enforcement of both our immigration and customs laws. Mr. Speaker, these attacks are ut-terly despicable. While #AbolishICE might make for a catchy bumper stick-er for radical leftists, it is harmful to our law enforcement. Today, I join with my colleagues in supporting this resolution and com-mending ICE agents for their hard work. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, what is disgusting is for Congress to sit idly by while children are ripped from the arms of their parents and abused. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. J
AYAPAL ). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.044 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6489 July 18, 2018 
Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, this is what it takes to have a debate on the floor about family separation. It is outrageous that my Republican colleagues are playing pure politics with a resolution that does absolutely nothing to address the most pressing crisis before us, which is the separation of 3,000 children from their parents. It is about putting kids in cages and par-ents in prison who are seeking asylum. Mr. Speaker, in spite of court orders, this administration still has yet to re-unite these children with their fami-lies, and I will tell you that these are parents who even have been denied the opportunity to speak to their kids for more than 10 minutes twice a week. Mr. Speaker, this bill does nothing to prevent President Trump from again ordering enforcement agents to rip breastfeeding babies from their moth-ers’ arms. This isn’t just rhetoric. This happened numerous times under Trump’s zero-tolerance, zero-humanity policy. In one case, for instance, an asylum seeker from Honduras reported that Federal agents took her daughter from her while she was breastfeeding in a Texas detention center. When she re-sisted, as any mother would—because I am a mother, I can say that, from the bottom of my heart—this mother was handcuffed, handcuffed for wanting to feed her baby. Stripping babies from the arms of their mothers is cruel and inhumane, and this body should be debating that policy, should be fixing that policy, in-stead of putting forward a ridiculous, do-nothing, political resolution. Mr. Speaker, I urge my Republican colleagues to put their attention on real issues, instead of continuing to play games with children’s lives. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 15 seconds to point out to my Democratic colleagues that every single one of them had the opportunity and every single one of them voted against H.R. 6136, which addressed this issue and a solution for DACA recipi-ents. Every one of them voted against it. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. S
CA-
LISE), the House majority whip. Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Virginia for yield-ing. I especially want to thank my col-league Congressman H
IGGINS from Lou-isiana for his leadership in bringing this resolution to the floor. And what does the resolution do? It simply says that we stand behind our ICE agents, those brave men and women who are keeping America safe. These are the people on the front lines of removing terrorists from our coun-try. These are the people who, by the way, last year alone, removed 100,000 criminals from our country. And they want to vote ‘‘present’’? My colleagues on the other side are talking about voting ‘‘present.’’ Mr. Speaker, when you look at the numbers, last year, ICE agents rescued or identified 518 victims of human traf-ficking. What if those ICE agents would have voted ‘‘present’’ that day instead of rescuing those victims of human trafficking? Luckily, Mr. Speaker, they didn’t vote ‘‘present.’’ They showed up and did their job to keep America safe. What if, last year, Mr. Speaker, those ICE agents who rescued or identified 904 people who were sexually exploited children voted ‘‘present’’ that day, in-stead of rescuing those 904 sexually ex-ploited children? Luckily, they didn’t vote ‘‘present,’’ Mr. Speaker. They showed up and did their job. We need to stand up for them. We need to stand up for what is important at keeping this country safe. Are we for open borders? Absolutely not. On this resolution, there is one choice, one button to hit if you support these men and women who are keeping us safe, who are keeping us from open borders. That vote is ‘‘yes.’’ Any other vote than a ‘‘yes’’ vote is for open bor-ders and somehow not supporting these men and women. Let’s look at what is resolved in the resolution. We express our continued support for those ICE agents. We de-nounce calls to abolish ICE. And we support efforts of all Federal agen-cies—State law enforcement, military personnel—who bring law and order to our Nation’s border. The only vote on this resolution is ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 15 seconds. Yes, every Democrat voted against H.R. 6136, which provided for indefinite detention of entire families, among other obnoxious provisions. So did many Republicans, thank God. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ), the distinguished Democratic whip. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I thank the ICE agents for being present. It is unfortunate that our Republican colleagues are not present doing the business that cries out to be done. I am voting ‘‘present’’ on this resolu-tion because it is a sham and a distrac-tion. It is an outrageous attempt to hide the continued suffering of children behind a partisan attack on Demo-crats. This is exactly the kind of gotcha vote that alienates Americans from our government. It is as shameless as it is inappropriate. It is inappropriate be-cause Republicans are not doing a sin-gle thing to address the crisis of chil-dren still separated from their parents, even after a court ruled that they need to be reunited. Democrats refuse to play the Repub-licans’ game when it comes to chil-dren’s well-being and the safety of those who come here seeking asylum. We are not falling for this trap, and you can say we are doing it as much as you want. Democrats support secure borders and honor the service of all whose lives are at risk in protecting our country and our people. I take a back seat to no one in the House over the years in supporting our law enforcement personnel, but we will neither be silent nor will we cease fighting to bring an end to the dan-gerous and inhumane policies of the Trump administration that are trau-matizing families and children at our borders, which Senator MCCAIN cor-rectly called ‘‘an affront to the decency of the American people.’’ Shame on the Republican House ma-jority for putting such blatant par-tisanship ahead of the children. Shame on you for using our law enforcement agents as pawns in your political games. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, may I ask how much time is remaining on each side? The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. W
EBER of Texas). The gentleman from Virginia has 6
1⁄4minutes remaining. The gentleman from New York has 11 minutes remaining. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL), chairman of the Homeland Security Committee. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the men and women of ICE who courageously serve our country every single day. Recently, ICE agents have been the targets of vicious name-calling and partisan attacks. Some have even de-scribed ICE as a terrorist organization. To make matters worse, some politi-cians in Washington are now calling on Congress to abolish ICE. But just last year, Mr. Speaker, an overwhelming bipartisan majority in the House, including Leader P
ELOSI , voted to authorize ICE into law for the first time. This kind of dishonest dou-ble standard is politics at its worst. b1415 Abolishing ICE is a reckless and dan-gerous idea that jeopardizes the safety of American communities. ICE was originally formed after 9/11 to help secure our homeland. When I was a Federal prosecutor with the Joint Terrorism Task Force, ICE was instrumental in deporting poten-tial terrorists on immigration viola-tions. Today, ICE agents stop drug smugglers, murderers, human traf-fickers, and dangerous gangs like MS– 13 along our border. In 2017 alone, ICE agents stopped al-most 1 million pounds of narcotics, in-cluding opioids, from entering our country. This included 7,000 pounds of heroin and 2,400 pounds of fentanyl. They arrested nearly 5,000 gang mem-bers and identified or rescued over 500 victims of trafficking. These are not just hollow statistics. These numbers represent the great work and positive impact that ICE has on people’s lives. John Kennedy, the great President, a Democrat, talked about profiles in courage. I would argue a ‘‘present’’ vote is hardly a profile in courage. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.045 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6490 July 18, 2018 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ), the distinguished gen-tleman and a member of the Judiciary Committee. Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, when Democrats talk about immigrants, ref-ugees, and asylum seekers, this is the mom and her children whom we are talking about. She is fleeing Central America to save the life of her children from violence, systematic corruption, extortion—yes—rape, and kidnapping. But the other side wants to change the subject. On every TV screen this fall, Republicans will show pictures of tattooed gang members flashing gang signs, looking like murderers. We know. We get your strategy. You take your marching orders from Laura Ingraham and Tucker Carlson quicker than the President takes his marching orders from the Kremlin. In the same week that the President insulted the intelligence community of the United States, we are not going to let you insult the intelligence of the American voter. Immigrants, refugees, outsiders and outcasts, freed slaves, and survivors, just like this woman and her children, built this country. Some of us had our land stolen; some of us were stolen from our land; and some of us made a very smart decision that we had to get away from the land we were in so that we could survive. That is who we are. That is what Amer-ica is. Every generation of Americans has had to withstand people in positions of power labeling the poor, the weak, the outsiders, and people of different races and ethnicities as criminals, threats, and the cause of all our problems, as the majority does today. Every genera-tion of Americans has had to stand up to bullies and racists and power-hungry politicians and overcome their efforts to divide us as Americans. That is also the story of America’s greatness: our resilience and our abil-ity as a nation to overcome the worst instincts of some of our leaders. That is the story of America, and that is what we are doing today. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Wis-consin (Mr. P
OCAN ). Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, when a ma-gician performs, they often utilize mis-direction as a way to deceive an audi-ence. Wikipedia defines ‘‘misdirection’’ as a form of deception in which the at-tention of the audience is focused on the one thing in order to distract its attention from another. Today, the Republicans are per-forming a cruel trick on the American people. The Nation is repulsed by President Trump’s directives that have forced the separation of over 3,000 chil-dren from their parents at the Nation’s border, placed children in cages, and terrorized children. As one 9-year-old victim said, he was treated like a pris-oner and a dog. This is cruel, inhu-mane, and un-American. Rather than have Congress take up a directive to reunite children with their parents, the GOP is performing some misdirection to another issue, hoping that you won’t notice that they will not stand up against the GOP’s policy of family separation and putting kids in cages at our Nation’s borders. Why? Because many of the GOP Members support the President’s shameful ac-tions. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Wisconsin an addi-tional 30 seconds. Mr. POCAN. Now they want to play politics and misdirect your attention. I won’t be complicit in their at-tempts. I will vote ‘‘present’’ today to be present for the children and parents separated at the border. Shame on you for terrorizing chil-dren and ignoring pleas to help them. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 13⁄4minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
UELLAR ). Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H. Res. 990. The issue is not the law enforcement agencies or the personnel, but, rather, it is the administration’s policies re-garding enforcement. ICE has become a lightning rod for the anger, quite honestly, about Presi-dent Trump’s hardline immigration policies. Our number one goal is to de-fend our homeland. ICE officers and special agents perform a vital role each day to keep our country safe. I want to make sure that we clear up some con-fusion about what ICE does, what their functions are. ICE is split into two primary func-tions: one is the enforcement and re-moval operations, which is the one that enforces the Nation’s immigration laws; the other, which is very, very im-portant, is it investigates all types of cross-border criminal activities, which include financial crimes; money laun-dering; bulk cash smuggling; commer-cial fraud; intellectual property theft; cyber crimes; child pornography; human rights violations; human smug-gling and trafficking; information, doc-ument, and benefit fraud; narcotics and weapons smuggling and trafficking; transnational gang activities; export enforcements; and international art and antiquity theft. Again, as has been mentioned, the good work that ICE has done in FY 2017: 4,818 transnational gang members were arrested, over 11,000 narcotics criminal arrests were made, and 904 sexually exploited children were identi-fied and rescued. I know that for a fact because my brother has worked with ICE, the sheriff down there, Martin Cuellar, and they have saved some of the kids there. Again, the issue is not law enforce-ment agencies or personnel. It is not the men and women who are working there very hard every day, but it is, rather, the policies of the administra-tion regarding this. Again, I would ask Members to please look at this legislation and support it. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. COSTA ). Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, immigration is one of the more important issues that we must face around here. It is one we take seriously. This debate, sadly, is more about politics, in my view. Our decisions affect people’s lives and America’s future. We must stop these partisan ‘‘gotcha’’ bills, empty- messaging resolutions, and ideological hijacking of our policy discussions. Rather, we must come together and do our work and create a fair and effective immigration system, one that reflects our values. We must have and we need bipar-tisan, comprehensive immigration laws to fix our broken immigration system, much like was done in 2013. Unfortu-nately, it didn’t pass. Then we must smartly enforce it. We have big challenges. We must take care of the Dreamers stuck in DACA limbo; we must reunite families who are separated, secure our borders— yes, we must—using every effective means possible; and we must bring un-documented neighbors out of the shad-ows. I will vote for this resolution, but it is not about abolish or support ICE. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from California an addi-tional 15 seconds. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I will vote for this resolution, but it is not about abolish or support ICE. I respect the need for interior and immigration en-forcement, and I have concerns about how this administration is doing it. Enough of political games, catering to the loudest and most extreme voices in both parties. Let’s check our ide-ology at the door. Let’s get to work on bipartisan, commonsense immigration reform. That is what the people want us to do. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, may I ask how much time remains for each side. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from New York has 6
1⁄4minutes remaining. The gentleman from Vir-ginia has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. D
OGGETT ). Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, here, the height of hypocrisy, the depth of duplicity. While this administration relentlessly, baselessly, and des-perately attacks Federal law enforce-ment officials—the FBI, the Justice Department, our intelligence agen-cies—again and again, these same Re-publicans, so proud of law enforcement in one narrow area today, are silent. They stand by tweet-addicted Trump, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.047 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6491 July 18, 2018 
our President who, even this very day, has again denied that Russia poses any threat. Where is your resolution to defend the Federal Bureau of Investigation? Where is your resolution to defend NATO, which has been disparaged by this shameful President? No. What we have today is a shame-less, spineless group of Republican con-gressional enablers who are enabling Trump, who totally ignore those dedi-cated to defending our borders from Russian aggression. These Republicans claim that we have so much more to fear from little infants and toddlers who come across our southern border and seek to escape gang and domestic violence and, yet, are torn by ICE from their mothers’ embrace, than from a murderous Vladi-mir Putin. Of course we need immigration law enforcement and secure borders, but this resolution ignores many wrongs of ICE: hundreds of claims of harassment, sexual harassment, child separation, and an unresponsive bureaucracy. At the same time that they ignore those wrongs, they ignore the wrongs of Trump in impairing other Federal law enforcement. Trump’s own intelligence chief, a lifelong Republican whom he ap-pointed, warns that our democracy is under sustained Russian assault, yet they are silent. Trump is impotent in the face of Putin. We need to reject this com-plicity, the Trump child abuse, and the abuse of Federal law enforcement. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. P
ELOSI ), the distinguished Democratic leader of the House. Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, this is really a very sad day in the Congress of the United States because we are ignoring the needs of children. As a mother of five children—I had five children in 6 years, so lots of little babies all around the house all the time, lots of joy—and un-derstanding the connection between parent and child, and being a grand-mother of nine now, I can’t even imag-ine why the Republicans think it is a good idea to move forward with a bill that does nothing to unite families, to stop the separations, and to have the reuniting of families in a way that is humane—not to reunite and detain in prison, in detention, but to unite in a way that honors the humanity of America. In church on Sunday, the sermon was about not being an enemy of humanity. Some of the activities that are hap-pening now in relation to these chil-dren are actions that qualify as enmity to humanity. What we have: 2,000 children remain separated from their parents, locked away in Federal custody and living in a state of terror and trauma. This is a picture of a little boy being confronted by an armed official. Do we have any idea what the impact is on that child? Republican leadership pushed mul-tiple antifamily bills that would have made the horrific situation worse for children by enshrining the President’s outrageous mass deportation agenda as the law of the land with his zero-toler-ance policy. We should have zero toler-ance for that policy. My Republican colleagues have voted again and again against actions to force a vote on a bill that would re-quire the government to reunite fami-lies, and now you are promoting a new political stunt, wasting the country’s and the Congress’ time with a mean-ingless vote on a nonbinding resolution that does nothing to protect the chil-dren and end the cruel crisis that President Trump has created. b1430 This resolution does nothing to pre-vent the separation of babies from their mothers. You are parents. You know, in the night, if you hear a sound from the room down the hall, that con-nection is something beyond material. It is spiritual. It is about parent and child, mother and child, father and child, and now we are going to rip that apart. It does nothing to prevent the sepa-ration of children with disabilities from their parents and caregivers. It does nothing to provide legal counsel to children in immigration court, in-cluding little babies who cannot even yet verbally communicate. For example, Johan. Earlier this summer, a 1-year-old boy named Johan appeared in court without his parents— 1 year old. He played with a toy. He drank from a bottle. Then he cried hysterically, because he did not have his mother or his father there to com-fort or care for him. The immigration judge even reported that he was ‘‘em-barrassed to ask’’ if little Johan could understand the proceedings. The judge is asking a 1-year-old child taking a bottle if he can understand the pro-ceedings. What sort of administration sends a 1-year-old child into a courtroom alone to make his case? This resolution is an assault to little children like Johan. Congress should be working day and night to protect these traumatized children. Do you know the toll that you are taking on these children? I wish you would listen to the represent-atives of the Society of Pediatric Doc-tors and what they have to say about this, pediatricians, what they have to say about this. We should be working day and night to ensure the President can never again enable children to be ripped from their parents’ arms. Democrats will continue to fight for families. Here is the thing I found very sad, be-cause it was almost a year ago, say, 10 months ago, when I was informed by the administration that they were going to separate children from their parents. This is not something that has emerged. This is a decision that was made. They said, these parents, especially the moms they were talking about, are unfit mothers because they have cho-sen to take their children across the desert, which is very dangerous. That makes them unfit. Unfit? Really? If their choice is to stay home and be murdered, be raped, be victims of gang violence, and they are coming to find solace or refugee status? They are unfit, I was told by the administration, and we know bet-ter what is good for the children. We are going to take the children and send them to foster care or whatever—or whatever—foster care or whatever, taking children from their parents, as a decision of national policy. Around that same time, we had a hearing—well, it was earlier. It was on the Muslim ban, so it was more like over a year ago, and the American As-sociation of Evangelicals testified in that hearing. It was a Democratic hearing, because the Republicans would not have that hearing. They said that the U.S. refugee resettlement pro-gram is the crown jewel of American humanitarianism, the American Asso-ciation of Evangelicals—the refugee re-settlement program, the crown jewel of American humanitarianism. So how is it that it can be so obvious to so many people that we are humani-tarian, that all of these children are God’s children, that all of them have a spark of divinity? Mr. President, they have a spark of divinity, and you do, too. So let us all act on our and their spark of divinity and treat them with the level of respect that they deserve and not use children as a political shield for some other agenda. This isn’t about whether you support ICE or not. By the way, I will just close on this. On this subject, I want to re-mind our Republican colleagues that Democrats have been strong on pro-tecting our borders all along. You re-call after 9/11, a commission was formed, the 9/11 Commission. It took a couple of years to make recommenda-tions. It took a while to make rec-ommendations—a distinguished non-partisan, bipartisan commission. It presented its recommendations in the summer of 2004. The Republicans in Congress con-trolled the Congress at the time, and they would not take up those rec-ommendations, which were about pro-tecting our country. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from New York may remember it, because he has been a champion on this issue for such a long time, and since his dis-trict was affected by 9/11, in the fore-front of that fight for us, to form a commission to begin with but also to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.048 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6492 July 18, 2018 
fit—it took us, until the Democrats took control of the Congress, in 2006— the first bill that we put on the floor, H.R. 1 in the new Congress, was to adopt the 9/11 Commission rec-ommendations to keep the American people safe, protect and defend, which is our oath of office. So don’t make it look like you are ei-ther for protecting the border or not. This is about being enemies of human-ity, by taking children away from their parents, keeping them separated, and when they unite them, to keep them under detention. It is not the crown jewel of our humanitarianism. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. I am going to vote ‘‘present’’ on it, because they will use it politically, use it politically, use it politically. Vote ‘‘present’’ or how-ever anyone wants to vote, but under-stand what it is. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Montana (Mr. G
IANFORTE ). Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his leadership. Mr. Speaker, the men and women of ICE work every day to make our coun-try and our communities safer. They secure our borders. They enforce our laws. They protect our safety. And I stand with them. America’s borders have been too open for too long. Drug cartels, dangerous gangs, and human traffickers exploit our weak borders and bring crime to our Montana communities. As America and Montana face an epidemic of drug abuse and addiction, ICE agents seized nearly 1 million pounds of illegal drugs last year, including nearly 2,400 pounds of fentanyl and 7,000 pounds of heroin. ICE agents arrested more than 127,000 criminal aliens last year. These crimi-nals were charged with weapons of-fenses, drug crimes, gang-related activ-ity, sexual assault, kidnapping, and murder. Now, some of my friends across the aisle have called for abolishing ICE. Abolishing ICE is a reckless idea. Abol-ishing ICE would embolden violent criminals, like members of the vicious MS–13 gang, intent on doing us harm. Abolishing ICE would jeopardize the safety and security of our Montana communities. Mr. Speaker, I strongly oppose abol-ishing ICE. And, Mr. Speaker, I proudly stand with ICE agents who are dedi-cated to making our Nation and Mon-tana safer and more secure. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Colo-rado (Mr. P
ERLMUTTER ). Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. N
ADLER . Mr. Speaker, I agree with Mr. G
IANFORTE and with Mr. C UELLAR . We have outstanding men and women in Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment. I am not going to do anything to disparage the many good men and women that we have, but I will never, never support these abominable poli-cies coming out of the Trump adminis-tration that tear families apart, that these men and women are having to implement because the White House has decided they are going to go into the immigrant communities and tear them apart. This is a piece of legislation that is not necessary, and I say that to my friends on the Republican side. We sup-port the good men and women in law enforcement as Democrats, but I will not support any of these policies or even look like I am supporting any of the immigration policies of this Presi-dent. They are terrible, and they are hurting this country. I urge a vote of ‘‘present’’ on this particular piece of legislation. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, may I ask how much time is remaining on each side? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Virginia has 1 minute re-maining. The gentleman from New York has 21⁄4minutes remaining. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I have only one speaker remaining to close the debate for our side. I believe we have the right to close. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, we are prepared to close. I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ASTRO ). Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of many Americans, enough— enough of cruelty disguised as border security, enough of inflicting pain on children to make their parents stay away, enough of picking on the weak to show that you are strong. The people in this Chamber, who are the sons and daughters of immigrants from all over the world, should know the history of this Nation, and the fact that when the Irish came here, they were greeted with signs in New York and Boston that said: ‘‘No Irish need apply.’’ Those of German descent were said to be too dirty to be Americans. Italians were interned during World War II. Are we a Nation that learns from our mistakes, or are we not? Are we a country that adheres to our Constitu-tion and strives to achieve the words inside it, or are we just pretending? This is a special Nation, a Nation that has been blessed by people who have come here from all over the world, yet the policies of this adminis-tration denigrate the history of this country and denigrate its future. These families must stop being sepa-rated. Just because you come up to a border or cross a border does not make you nonhuman. They should be treated as human beings, most especially by a country that is supposed to be a moral beacon for the world over. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCARTHY ), the major-ity leader. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, last week, Democrats introduced a bill to abolish ICE. That is the Immigration and Customs En-forcement agency. In doing so, I think we should first review the agency’s record. As it turns out, ICE agents are on the front lines in the battle against crime. In 2016, they arrested nearly 2,000 human traffickers, criminals who are involved in modern-day slavery. You wanted to abolish that. Last year, they arrested more than 4,800 gang members, including more than 800 members of the MS–13, one of the most vicious gangs operating today. But you wanted to abolish that and put it into our communities. They intercepted more than 1 ton of fentanyl that was headed for our com-munities. Now, we all should know what fentanyl will do, because we just debated more than 50-some bills on this floor, because 172 people who are Amer-icans will die today because of an ad-diction. Fentanyl is so deadly that just a few grams will kill you. But you wanted to abolish that, to allow it into our communities. Still, the Democrats say, not only will they want to introduce it, people will cosponsor it. But there is a prob-lem, and I actually think there are two problems with this. The first problem is that most Amer-icans disagree with you. They actually support ICE. According to a recent poll, just one in four Americans thinks we should abolish it. The second problem is that Demo-crats don’t even agree with their own bill they introduced. They lack the courage of their so-called convictions, because when we offered the ability to bring up the bill, abolish ICE, that they put into the hopper and cospon-sored, Democrats said they would vote ‘‘no.’’ They wanted the glory of introducing a bill to the far left of their own party, but they didn’t have the guts to accept the consequences. That is the kind of leadership that the Democrats have to offer. b1445 Mr. Speaker, I am even more con-fused listening to the Democratic lead-ership. I was here. I was on the floor. I listened, Mr. Speaker, to the leader on the Democratic side when she said: I recommend voting ‘‘no,’’ or maybe vote ‘‘present,’’ or vote however you want. I am not sure what position she was requesting when she said all three. And I am not sure exactly what the author wanted to do when he put his bill across the aisle and asked the other Members of his own conference to co-sponsor it, when he said he would vote ‘‘no,’’ when he had the offer to bring it up on the floor. Does that mean that every bill Democrats put across they really don’t want to support? I am just not sure. Now, we are about to vote on a reso-lution of the opposite. We want to sup-port the law enforcement officers of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.050 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6493 July 18, 2018 
ICE and will renounce the activist campaign against them. The danger these officers face is no joke. So for those in the back who would like to speak, Mr. Speaker, dur-ing this, I would ask that they get quiet for one moment, because six offi-cers of ICE lost their lives defending those. The danger to these officers is real, and it is not a joke. Six officers have died in the line of duty: Special Agent Brian Beliso; Special Agent Timothy Ensley; Special Agent Lorenzo Gomez; Special Agent Scott McGuire; Special Agent David Wilhelm; and Special Agent Jaime Zapata, who was killed by cartel hitmen in Mexico. These agents gave their lives in the line of duty. Thousands more of these agents risk their lives every day on our behalf. I want you to pause for one moment and I want you to think about those agents, think about those families, but think about those thousands of agents who are defending our border. What do they think about a bill that comes across the desk that says you want to abolish them? How much support do you want to give them? How much sup-port do they feel when the leadership, Mr. Speaker, of the Democratic Party says: Vote ‘‘no,’’ vote ‘‘present,’’ just vote how you want? Well, do you know what? When they risk their lives and they stop another human trafficker of modern-day slav-ery and they save another child, I will vote to support them. Or when they stop an amount of drugs coming across and they save American lives, I will support them. Or when they stop MS–13 gang members from coming into any of our communities, I will support them. If only for this reason, agents deserve our gratitude and support. Mr. Speaker, I am confused. I under-stand there is this growing socialist movement in the Democratic Party, but when does this socialist new Demo-cratic Party believe we should have no borders? I guess it is today. Mr. Speaker, that is not what the Americans have asked for, and that is not what America supports. But then again, Mr. Speaker, I am not sure I un-derstand what the other side supports when they offer a bill and they ask peo-ple to cosponsor and then they won’t even vote for it. That is why I am happy to offer Con-gressman H
IGGINS ’ resolution and stand with the women and men of ICE, be-cause I want a safer America. And for those who gave their life for us, I will stand with them, even if it means standing up against a new socialist Democratic Party. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, for personal reasons, I cannot be present for the vote on H. Res. 990. If present I would point out that if Republicans were really serious about assessing the efficiency of ICE, they would have heeded the multiple calls from me and my Democratic colleagues to hold hear-ings on President Trump’s dreadful family sep-aration policy that has resulted in thousands of families being ripped apart, including the isola-tion of children and babies. As to the resolu-tion’s language that states ‘‘supports the ef-forts of all Federal agencies, State law en-forcement, and military personnel who bring law and order . . .’’, I strongly support that and the important agency missions including of money laundering, narcotics investigations, cyber crimes, terrorism prevention, and cus-toms enforcement. If present, I would have in-quired of my Republican colleagues if they could get the same statement of support of Federal law enforcement agencies from Presi-dent Trump, given his behavior and state-ments in Helsinki and the same disdain he has expressed for Federal law enforcement and intelligence agencies. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 990, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
MOTION TO INSTRUCT CONFEREES ON H.R. 2, AGRICULTURE AND NUTRITION ACT OF 2018 Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 2) to pro-vide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fis-cal year 2023, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment thereto, disagree to the Senate amendment, and request a conference with the Senate thereon. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to instruct conferees at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Peterson moves that the managers on the part of the House at the conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on Senate amendment to the bill H.R. 2 (an Act to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes) be instructed to insist on section 11101 of the House bill (re-lating to animal disease preparedness and re-sponse) with an amendment to section 10417(d)(1)(B) of the Animal Health Protec-tion Act (7 U.S.C. 8316(d)(1)(B)), as proposed to be added to such Act by such section 11101, to strike ‘‘2023’’ and insert ‘‘thereafter’’. Mr. PETERSON (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the reading be dispensed with. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Minnesota? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 7 of rule XXII, the gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. P
ETERS on) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ONAWAY ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, we have a lot of anxiety out in the countryside because of trade, because of RFS, because of low prices, and because of weather in my area. What we are trying to do here is avoid another potential problem, and that is what can happen with an ani-mal disease outbreak in this country. In Minnesota, we suffered the biggest animal disease outbreak we have ever seen in this country when we got avian influenza in our turkey flock. It was devastating. The producers lost $113 million. We lost $3 billion in the coun-try, and we saw the effect of not being prepared. This isn’t just a poultry problem. This also relates to foot-and-mouth disease, to PEDv, to cattle fever tick that Congressman V
ELA has informed me about, and to other diseases that present a serious threat for the viabil-ity of the livestock operations in the communities and supply chains across the country that depend on them. In the House bill, we have a provision for $450 million of permanent funding over 5 years for programs, including the National Animal Health Labora-tory Network, the National Animal Disease Preparedness and Response Program, and the National Animal Vaccine Bank. The Senate provides an authorization for appropriations, but there is no permanent funding in the Senate bill. While the appropriations committees deserve credit because they have put some funding into these programs over the years, the problem is that APHIS and the people who deal with this at the State level can’t depend on it be-cause you never know what it is going to be from year to year because the ap-propriators are the ones who have to decide. We want to make this perma-nent, and we are hoping that the Sen-ate will accede to our ideas. Animal disease programs are impor-tant investments in the health of our Nation’s animals, our people, and the security of our food supply. As part of their work on the farm bill, conferees should insist on 10-year mandatory funding for animal disease prepared-ness and response programs to provide the certainty for both the farmers, for the consumers, and for the people who deal with this at the regulatory level. Mr. Speaker, I include my full state-ment in the R
ECORD . The mood in farm country is bad. It’s bad because of the Administration’s trade war; it’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.052 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6494 July 18, 2018 
bad because of declines in farm income; and it’s bad because of volatile weather like the floods in the southern part of my district. Farmers and ranchers are staring a historically bad year in the face, and another hit would mean devastation for many of them. And that’s exactly what an animal disease outbreak would cause. Minnesota is the na-tion’s largest producer of turkeys. Following an outbreak of avian influenza in 2013 and 2014, it is estimated that poultry producers in my state lost $113 million in existing production, approximately $3 billion nationally, and it cost taxpayers almost $1 billion. Hungry consumers are affected too. The price of a dozen eggs in 2015 was double what it was before the outbreak. This isn’t just a poultry problem. Foot and Mouth Disease, PEDv, Cattle Fever Tick and other diseases present a serious threat to the viability of livestock operations and the com-munities and supply chains across the country that depend on them. Outbreaks mean culling animals and suspending production, and be-cause fewer animals come into processing fa-cilities, layoffs in local communities. Disease outbreaks also impact farmers who grow feed. One study estimates that a future outbreak of Foot and Mouth Disease could cost corn growers $44 billion and soybean growers nearly $25 billion. And there’s a na-tional security aspect to animal disease pre-paredness. The bipartisan Blue Ribbon Study Panel on Biodefense found that our current commitment to animal disease outbreaks leaves us vulnerable to attack on our food supply. If we are serious about addressing these outbreaks, we must invest in preparation and response tools to tackle these diseases early. That level of effort is impossible without long- term funding certainty. Currently, the House bill provides $450 mil-lion in mandatory funding over five years for programs including the National Animal Health Laboratory Network, the National Animal Dis-ease Preparedness and Response Program, and the National Animal Vaccine Bank. The Senate provides an authorization for appro-priations, but no mandatory funding. While the Appropriations Committees deserve credit for providing some funding for these programs in their bills, animal health is not a short-term issue or an issue we should short change. APHIS, state officials, and producers need to know that adequate funding for these pro-grams is going to be available for their work to pay off. Animal disease programs are important in-vestments in the health of our nation’s ani-mals, our people, and the security of our food supply. As part of their work on the farm bill, conferees should insist on ten-year, manda-tory funding for Animal Disease Preparedness and Response Programs to provide the cer-tainty that both farmers and consumers need. I am submitting for the R
ECORD a letter in sup-port of these provisions from the Animal Agri-culture Coalition, which represents livestock producers and animal health professionals na-tionwide. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the motion to instruct, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the ranking member’s motion is very much in the spirit of the House position. I am really appre-ciative of that. Quite frankly, it makes our bill better. H.R. 2 makes the historic commit-ment to protecting our Nation’s live-stock herd and, frankly, our national security by establishing and funding forward-looking animal health initia-tives that address existing and emerg-ing pest and disease threats. Mr. Speaker, I look forward to con-tinuing this discussion in conference, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support the motion, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I appre-ciate my colleague’s motion, and I ask Members to support it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Without objection, the previous ques-tion is ordered on the motion to in-struct. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to instruct. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on the motion to instruct will be followed by 5-minute votes on: Suspending the rules and adopting H. Res. 990; Suspending the rules and passing H.R. 1037; Ordering the previous question on H. Res. 1001; and Adopting H. Res. 1001, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 392, nays 20, not voting 16, as follows: [Roll No. 336] YEAS—392 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gibbs Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Handel Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JY7.018 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6495 July 18, 2018 
Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—20 
Amash Biggs Brat Brooks (AL) Garrett Gohmert Gosar Griffith Harris Hice, Jody B. Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) Labrador Massie McClintock Perry Posey Rokita Sanford 
NOT VOTING—16 
Bass Black Blackburn Ca´rdenas Castor (FL) DeSantis Duncan (SC) Gaetz Goodlatte Hanabusa Moore Richmond Roby Shuster Speier Walz 
b1520 Messrs. BIGGS, LABRADOR, MASSIE, JONES, JODY B. HICE of Georgia, ROKITA, JORDAN, BROOKS of Alabama, BRAT, GOSAR, GAR-RETT, and KELLY of Mississippi changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Messrs. DUNCAN of Tennessee, TIP-TON, FERGUSON, Mrs. NOEM, Messrs. COOK, SMITH of Texas, and SAM JOHNSON of Texas changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the motion to instruct conferees was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 336. 
f 
SUPPORTING UNITED STATES IM-MIGRATION AND CUSTOMS EN-FORCEMENT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 990) supporting the officers and personnel who carry out the important mission of the United States Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 244, nays 35, answered ‘‘present’’ 133, not voting 16, as follows: 
[Roll No. 337] YEAS—244 
Abraham Aderholt Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bera Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Latta Lawson (FL) Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lynch MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—35 
Amash Brown (MD) Castro (TX) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Correa Crowley Davis, Danny Demings DeSaulnier Doggett Espaillat Gomez Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Huffman Jackson Lee Johnson, E. B. Meeks O’Rourke Panetta Rush Schakowsky Schiff Serrano Soto Swalwell (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—133 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Beatty Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Courtney Cummings Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Deutch Dingell Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Green, Gene Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schneider Scott (VA) Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Torres Tsongas Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—16 
Allen Bass Black Blackburn Ca´rdenas Castor (FL) DeSantis Duncan (SC) Gaetz Hanabusa Peterson Richmond Roby Shuster Speier Walz 
b1529 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the resolution, as amended, was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 337. 
f 
AUTHORIZING NATIONAL EMER-GENCY MEDICAL SERVICES ME-MORIAL FOUNDATION TO ESTAB-LISH COMMEMORATIVE WORK The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1037) to authorize the Na-tional Emergency Medical Services Me-morial Foundation to establish a com-memorative work in the District of Co-lumbia and its environs, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 414, nays 0, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 338] YEAS—414 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JY7.006 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6496 July 18, 2018 
Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—14 
Bass Black Blackburn Ca´rdenas DeSantis Duncan (SC) Gaetz Hanabusa Peterson Richmond Roby Shuster Speier Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1537 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H. CON. RES. 119, EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF CONGRESS THAT A CARBON TAX WOULD BE DET-RIMENTAL TO THE UNITED STATES ECONOMY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on order-ing the previous question on the reso-lution (H. Res. 1001) providing for con-sideration of the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 119) expressing the sense of Congress that a carbon tax would be detrimental to the United States econ-omy, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 226, nays 186, not voting 16, as follows: [Roll No. 339] YEAS—226 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—186 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JY7.012 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6497 July 18, 2018 
Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—16 
Bass Black Blackburn Ca´rdenas DeSantis Duncan (SC) Gaetz Hanabusa Meadows Peterson Richmond Roby Shuster Speier Walz Wittman 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1543 So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 229, noes 183, not voting 16, as follows: 
[Roll No. 340] AYES—229 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—183 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gottheimer Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—16 
Bass Black Blackburn Ca´rdenas DeSantis Duncan (SC) Gaetz Hanabusa Lamborn Peterson Richmond Roby Scalise Shuster Speier Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1550 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 996 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 6147. Will the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) kindly take the chair. b1552 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 6147) making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, with Mr. H
ULTGREN  (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole rose on Tuesday, July 17, 2018, amendment No. 41 printed in House Report 115–830 offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ) had been disposed of. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JY7.016 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6498 July 18, 2018 
now resume on those amendments printed in House Report 115–830 on which further proceedings were post-poned, in the following order: Amendment No. 1 by Mr. B
IGGS of Ar-izona. Amendment No. 25 by Mr. G
RIJALVA  of Arizona. Amendment No. 27 by Mr. O’H
ALLERAN of Arizona. Amendment No. 29 by Ms. A
DAMS of North Carolina. Amendment No. 39, as modified, by Mr. G
ROTHMAN of Wisconsin. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the time for any electronic vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . BIGGS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. B
IGGS) on which further proceedings were post-poned and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 172, noes 237, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 18, as follows: 
[Roll No. 341] AYES—172 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barton Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Comer Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Culberson Curtis Davidson Denham DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Foxx Frelinghuysen Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood Lamborn Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) Loudermilk Lucas Luetkemeyer Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Posey Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Roskam Ross Rothfus Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Shimkus Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Taylor Thompson (PA) Thornberry Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) NOES—237 
Adams Aguilar Barletta Barraga´n Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Holding Hoyer Huffman Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson, E. B. Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Love Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Rouzer Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Wittman Yarmuth Young (AK) Zeldin 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
Blum NOT VOTING—18 
Bass Black Blackburn Ca´rdenas DeSantis Duncan (SC) Gaetz Hanabusa LaMalfa Peterson Reichert Richmond Roby Scalise Schrader Shuster Speier Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1556 Mr. LAMB changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 25 OFFERED BY MR . GRIJALVA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
RI-
JALVA ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 190, noes 223, not voting 15, as follows: 
[Roll No. 342] AYES—190 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.066 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6499 July 18, 2018 
Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—223 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—15 
Bass Black Blackburn Ca´rdenas DeSantis Duncan (SC) Gaetz Hanabusa Peterson Richmond Roby Scalise Shuster Speier Walz ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1601 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chair, during rollcall Vote No. 342 on the amendment (No. 25) to H.R. 6147 offered by Rep. R
AU´LM. G RIJALVA of Arizona, I mistak-enly recorded my vote as ‘‘no’’ when I in-tended to vote ‘‘aye.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 27 OFFERED BY MR . 
O’HALLERAN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. O’H
ALLERAN ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 217, noes 196, not voting 15, as follows: 
[Roll No. 343] AYES—217 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Dunn Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Herrera Beutler Higgins (NY) Himes Hollingsworth Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Soto Stefanik Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) Young (IA) NOES—196 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (TN) Emmer Estes (KS) Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Foxx Frelinghuysen Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Sanford Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smucker Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JY7.015 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6500 July 18, 2018 
Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—15 
Bass Black Blackburn Ca´rdenas DeSantis Duncan (SC) Gaetz Hanabusa Peterson Richmond Roby Scalise Shuster Speier Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1605 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 29 OFFERED BY MS . ADAMS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. A
DAMS ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 194, noes 218, not voting 16, as follows: 
[Roll No. 344] AYES—194 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—218 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Culberson Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—16 
Bass Black Blackburn Ca´rdenas DeSantis Duncan (SC) Gaetz Hanabusa Peterson Richmond Roby Scalise Shuster Speier Wagner Walz ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1610 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 39, AS MODIFIED , OFFERED BY  
MR. GROTHMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment, as modified, offered by the gentleman from Wis-consin (Mr. G
ROTHMAN ) on which fur-ther proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 114, noes 297, not voting 17, as follows: 
[Roll No. 345] AYES—114 
Abraham Allen Amash Arrington Babin Banks (IN) Barr Biggs Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Buck Budd Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Chabot Cloud Comer Curtis Davidson DesJarlais Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Ferguson Flores Foxx Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Holding Hudson Huizenga Hunter Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (LA) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) King (IA) Kustoff (TN) LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) Loudermilk Luetkemeyer Marchant Massie McCarthy McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mooney (WV) Mullin Noem Norman Nunes Palmer Perry Pittenger Posey Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smucker Walberg Walker Walters, Mimi Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Wilson (SC) Wittman Woodall Yoho 
NOES—297 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Bacon Barletta Barraga´n Barton Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JY7.013 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6501 July 18, 2018 
Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gohmert Gomez Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Handel Harper Hastings Heck Herrera Beutler Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Hollingsworth Hoyer Huffman Hultgren Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) LaHood Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCaul McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McNerney Meeks Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rogers (KY) Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walden Walorski Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Williams Wilson (FL) Womack Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—17 
Bass Black Blackburn Ca´rdenas DeSantis Duncan (SC) Gaetz Hanabusa Labrador Peterson Richmond Roby Scalise Shuster Speier Wagner Walz ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1615 So the amendment, as modified, was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Chair, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 340, ‘‘yea’’ on roll-call No. 341, ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 342, ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall Nos. 343 and 344, and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 345. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Chair, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
EBER of Texas) having assumed the chair, Mr. H
ULTGREN , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under con-sideration the bill (H.R. 6147) making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
f 
PRIVILEGED REPORT ON RESOLU-TION OF INQUIRY TO THE PRESI-DENT Mr. WALDEN, from the Committee on Energy and Commerce, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–835) on the resolution (H. Res. 982) of inquiry requesting the President, and directing the Secretary of Health and Human Services, to transmit, respectively, certain information to the House of Representatives referring to the sepa-ration of children from their parents or guardians as a result of the President’s ‘‘zero tolerance’’ policy, which was re-ferred to the House Calendar and or-dered to be printed. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF CONFEREES ON H.R. 2, AGRICULTURE AND NU-TRITION ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the Chair appoints the fol-lowing conferees on H.R. 2: From the Committee on Agriculture, for consideration of the House bill and the Senate amendment, and modifica-tions committed to conference: Messrs. C
ONAWAY , THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, G
OODLATTE , L UCAS , R OGERS of Ala-bama, A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, C
RAWFORD , Mrs. H ARTZLER , Messrs. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Y OHO, R
OUZER , MARSHALL , ARRINGTON , PETER -
SON, DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, C OSTA , W
ALZ, Ms. F UDGE , Messrs. M CGOVERN , V
ELA, Mses. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM  of New Mexico, K
USTER of New Hamp-shire, and Mr. O’H
ALLERAN . From the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for consideration of sections 4204, 4205, and 9131 of the House bill, and modifications com-mitted to conference: Ms. FOXX, Mr. A
LLEN , and Ms. A DAMS . From the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for consideration of sub-titles A and B of title VI, sections 6202, 6203, 6401, 6406, 6407, 6409, 6603, 7301, 7605, 8106, 8507, 9119, 9121, and 11101 of the House bill, and sections 6116, 6117, 6202, 6206–09, 6301, 6303, 7412, 9102, 9104, 9106, 9111–13, 12408, 12627, and 12628 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Messrs. S
HIMKUS , CRAMER , and T ONKO . From the Committee on Financial Services, for consideration of section 12609 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to con-ference: Messrs. H
ENSARLING , DUFFY , and Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California. From the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs, for consideration of title III of the House bill, and modifications com-mitted to conference: Messrs. R
OYCE of California, C
HABOT , and E NGEL . From the Committee on Natural Re-sources, for consideration of sections 2802, 6408, 8104, 8107, 8109, subtitles B and C of title VIII, 8402, 8502, 8503, 8506, 8507, 8509, 8510, 9111, 11614, and 11615 of the House bill, and section 2425, sub-title D of title VIII, sections 8601, 8611, 8621–28, 8631, 8632, 12515, 12601, and 12602 of the Senate amendment, and modi-fications committed to conference: Messrs. B
ISHOP of Utah, W ESTERMAN , and G
RIJALVA . From the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for consider-ation of sections 1601, 4022, 4026, 8502, and 11609 of the House bill, and sections 3113, 7128, 8623, 8630, 8632, 12301, and 12407 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to con-ference: Messrs. W
ALKER , COMER , and Ms. P
LASKETT . From the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for consider-ation of section 7509 of the House bill, and section 7409 of the Senate amend-ment, and modifications committed to conference: Messrs. A
BRAHAM , D UNN, and Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. From the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure, for consider-ation of sections 2404, 6223, 6224, 6503, 9117, and 9118 of the House bill, and sec-tions 2415, 2416, 6124, 6304, and 7412 of the Senate amendment, and modifica-tions committed to conference: Messrs. D
ENHAM , GIBBS, and Mrs. B USTOS . There was no objection. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 6147, and that I may include tabular mate-rial on the same. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:05 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JY7.020 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6502 July 18, 2018 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 996 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 6147. Will the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) kindly take the chair. b1623 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 6147) making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, with Mr. H
ULTGREN  (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole rose earlier today, amendment No. 39 printed in House Re-port 115–830 offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ROTHMAN ) had been disposed of. 
AMENDMENT NO . 42 OFFERED BY MS . MOORE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 42 printed in House Report 115–830. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to terminate or re-structure the Great Lakes Advisory Board, a Federal advisory committee chartered under the Federal Advisory Committee Act. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. M
OORE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Wisconsin. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chairman, let me thank the committee for supporting me in my very important amendments last evening, and I have another very important amendment that is before the committee here today. Mr. Chair, I urge support for my amendment that would prevent the ad-ministration from dismantling the EPA’s Great Lakes Advisory Board. I am so pleased that this bill has again rejected the President’s proposal to gut the GLRI, and this amendment would prevent them from dismantling the ad-visory board. Mr. Chairman, this is a critical mat-ter for anyone who drinks water. The Great Lakes provide drinking water to some 40 million people. Let me say that again. Forty million people de-pend on this resource for one of life’s basic requirements, water, not to men-tion anglers and recreation. As an old African proverb goes, water has no enemies. So, hopefully, the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative is something that we are going to recog-nize as having played a critical role in protecting and restoring one of Amer-ica’s greatest national treasures, a life- sustaining element, water. Just to mention, not to bore people with a lot of statistics, but the Great Lakes contain about 21 percent of the world’s surface freshwater and more than 80 percent, 85 percent, of the freshwater in North America. This is indispensable. As critical as this funding is, it is also important that the EPA receive advice and input from local stake-holders regarding priorities under that program. The Great Lakes Advisory Board provides such advice. EPA established the board in 2013 to provide independent advice to the EPA administration in its capacity as chair of the Federal Great Lakes Interagency Task Force. Some of the past activities of the advisory board have been pro-viding the EPA with recommendations regarding what are the most signifi-cant stressors and needs for the Great Lakes ecosystem; providing the EPA with recommendations on ways to en-sure effective public input into the Great Lakes action plan process; and providing advice on whether the GLRI should invest in efforts to understand long-term, future threats and commu-nicate them to the Great Lakes com-munity for action. In light of reports of efforts to under-mine the board, on a bipartisan basis, I joined colleagues in writing to the EPA earlier this year to make clear that we support the establishment and mainte-nance of the board. My amendment would put teeth behind this letter and make it clear to the administration what congressional intent is regarding this important advisory board. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, this bill is consistent with years past that pro-vided robust funding for the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative. There-fore, this is an initiative I can support and we accept. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chair, I want to thank the gentleman from California. He is a very effective leader on this issue. I appreciate him. An effective Great Lakes Advisory Board is vital to ensuring that the GLRI remains successful and impactful today and in the years to come. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. M
OORE ). The amendment was agreed to. AMENDMENT NO . 43 OFFERED BY MR . MULLIN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 43 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to enforce the final rule entitled ‘‘Oil and Natural Gas Sector: Emission Standards for New, Reconstructed, and Modified Sources’’ published by the En-vironmental Protection Agency in the Fed-eral Register on June 3, 2016 (81 Fed. Reg. 35824). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. M
ULLIN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma. Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Chairman, this amendment would prohibit funds from enforcing the Obama administration EPA methane rule. This rule is cur-rently facing litigation uncertainty, and Congress must act to block this job-killing regulation estimated to cost our economy $530 million annu-ally. While oil and gas production has in-creased more than 25 percent since 2005, related methane emissions have actually decreased almost 40 percent during the same time period. It is counterproductive for the Fed-eral Government to enact harmful reg-ulations that cause inefficiencies, reck-lessly spend taxpayer dollars, and force hardship upon job-creating industries. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, the gen-tleman’s amendment would block the EPA from regulating methane emis-sions from sources in the oil and gas sector. Methane is a primary component of natural gas and is a potent greenhouse gas with global warming potential more than 25 times greater than carbon dioxide. b1630 In 2013, nearly one-third of the meth-ane emissions in the United States came from oil and gas production, processing, transmission, and distribu-tion. There is no doubt, no doubt at all that methane contributes to the in-creased levels of greenhouse gas con-centrations, which will contribute to long-lasting changes in our climate such as rising global temperatures, sea level rising, changes in weather and precipitation patterns. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.077 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6503 July 18, 2018 
Public health risks include more heat waves and drought, worsening smog, increased intensity of extreme weather events, and increasing the range of ticks and mosquitoes, which can spread diseases such as Lyme disease, West Nile Virus, and Zika. The disgraced former EPA adminis-trator, Scott Pruitt, tried to delay this rule, but the courts blocked that effort and ruled that the EPA cannot delay implementation. When is the majority going to stop the assault on the envi-ronment? Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. P
ERRY ). Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chairman, the EPA has imposed these substantial competi-tive barriers, despite the industry’s sig-nificant reduction in methane emis-sions through their own initiatives and innovation. What is not known is that through the EPA’s own analysis, it shows that methane emissions from hydraulically fractured gas wells have actually fallen dramatically. According to EPA data— not my data, but EPA data—methane emissions from oil and gas production declined by 38 percent from 2005 to 2012, and methane emissions from hydrau-lically fractured natural gas wells have plummeted 73 percent since 2011. Total methane emissions from nat-ural gas systems actually are down 11 percent since 2005, despite the signifi-cant production increases over this time period. This is a prime example of market forces at work. American producers developed inno-vative means of capturing additional methane because doing so means they have more product to sell. Profit-ability, rather than a top-down Wash-ington regulation, drove this unprece-dented emissions reduction. In fact, in 2012 alone, voluntary methane emission reductions activities by the U.S. oil and gas industry gen-erated $364 million in additional rev-enue. Unfortunately, the methane rule rep-resents the kind of one-size-fits-all pol-icy that will actually stifle innovation and discourage further investment in emission reduction technology. Actually, as a result, the EPA’s methane rule, if allowed to stand, will not only lead to economic harm, but environmental harm as well. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I be-lieve I have the right to close, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. C
ALVERT ). Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, EPA was directed by the President to take a second look at the methane rule promulgated by the Obama administration. In conjunction with that review, EPA attempted to provide the regulating community with some certainty by postponing some im-plementation dates. However, the courts have blocked that from hap-pening. In light of these challenges, the time is ripe for a temporary pause on the en-forcement of these requirements, so I urge my colleagues to support the amendment. Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Chairman, I am prepared to close. Well, simply put, I urge our col-leagues on both sides to come together and kill this job-killing regulation and support this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, as I said, I oppose this amendment. Climate change threatens the health and wel-fare for current and future generations. As the gentlemen have pointed out, Mr. Chairman, industry has moved— has moved, in part, because of pressure from the EPA, and, in part, because of just the financial loss of allowing this methane gas to escape into the atmos-phere. It is dollars that are burning up. These are precious resources that we are taking from the Earth, and we should make sure that we don’t waste any of it, and that is why I think the EPA rule should not be delayed. As has been pointed out, industry has the ability to capture this methane. It has the ability to make money from it, and I want to just make sure that we encourage everyone in the industry to move forward. Mr. Chairman, let me the give you an example. The Bakken Oil Field, which is in North Dakota—I am very familiar with it because I spent many a summer in that area—burns brighter than the entire metropolitan area of the Twin Cities at night because of the flares from the methane that are being burnt. That energy should be captured. It should be saved. We should be con-servationists for future generations. We must take action, and I encourage my colleagues to oppose this amend-ment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Oklahoma (Mr. M
ULLIN ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 44 OFFERED BY MR . MULLIN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 44 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to prepare, propose, or promulgate any regulation or guidance that references or relies on the analysis con-tained in— (1) ‘‘Technical Support Document: Social Cost of Carbon for Regulatory Impact Anal-ysis Under Executive Order 12866’’, published by the Interagency Working Group on Social Cost of Carbon, United States Government, in February 2010; (2) ‘‘Technical Support Document: Tech-nical Update of the Social Cost of Carbon for Regulatory Impact Analysis Under Execu-tive Order 12866’’, published by the Inter-agency Working Group on Social Cost of Car-bon, United States Government, in May 2013 and revised in November 2013; (3) ‘‘Revised Draft Guidance for Federal Departments and Agencies on Consideration of Greenhouse Gas Emissions and the Effects of Climate Change in NEPA Reviews’’, pub-lished by the Council on Environmental Quality on December 24, 2014 (79 Fed. Reg. 77802); (4) ‘‘Technical Support Document: Tech-nical Update of the Social Cost of Carbon for Regulatory Impact Analysis Under Execu-tive Order 12866’’, published by the Inter-agency Working Group on Social Cost of Car-bon, United States Government, in July 2015; (5) ‘‘Addendum to the Technical Support Document on Social Cost of Carbon for Regu-latory Impact Analysis Under Executive Order 12866: Application of the Methodology to Estimate the Social Cost of Methane and the Social Cost of Nitrous Oxide’’, published by the Interagency Working Group on Social Cost of Greenhouse Gases, United States Government, in August 2016; or (6) ‘‘Technical Support Document: Tech-nical Update of the Social Cost of Carbon for Regulatory Impact Analysis Under Execu-tive Order 12866’’, published by the Inter-agency Working Group on Social Cost of Greenhouse Gases, United States Govern-ment, in August 2016. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. M
ULLIN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma. Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Chairman, my amendment would prohibit funds from implementing the Obama administra-tion’s social cost of carbon rule. Con-gress and the American people have re-peatedly rejected cap and trade pro-posals. The Obama administration continu-ously used social cost of carbon mod-els, which could be easily manipulated in order to attempt to justify new job- killing regulations. The House has a clear, strong record of opposition to the social cost of car-bon, voting at least 11 times to block, defund, or oppose the proposal, includ-ing H. Con. Res. 119, which we will be considering later this week. A carbon tax would be passed along to consumers, undermining the success of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act we passed last year. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.081 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6504 July 18, 2018 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, this amendment is a very harmful rider, and it would prohibit the EPA from considering the social cost of carbon as part of rulemaking. The social cost of carbon is an estimate of economic damages associated with small in-creases of carbon dioxide emissions in a given year. It represents the best scientific infor-mation available, incorporating the impacts from carbon pollution into regulatory analyses. Weakening or eliminating use of social cost of carbon as a tool for Federal agencies that would ignore the sobering cost of health, environment, and economic im-pacts of extreme weather, rising tem-peratures, intensifying smog, and other impacts. We cannot afford to abandon science while trying to tackle climate change, so I strongly oppose this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Mon-tana (Mr. G
IANFORTE ). Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the amendment. It would prohibit funds from being used to advance guidance or make rules that rely on Obama-era so-cial cost of carbon guidance. I have heard from folks in Montana who cannot get a permit to expand a coal mine because they didn’t account for the carbon released by the trains that would carry the coal. I have heard of the difficulties of building railroad bridges because they might allow more coal to be transported. We must stop relying on metrics that were designed by the keep-it-in-the- ground crowd. Similar language passed, on a bipartisan vote, here in the House last September. I urge adoption of the amendment. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. P
ERRY ). Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chairman, garbage in equals garbage out. We have heard this on numerous occasions. And in this instance, the inter-national—or correction—the Inter-agency Working Group has chosen to disregard the policy decisions from OMB Circular A–4 regarding how they set the modeling. And as a result of that, they have—interestingly, the analysis generated by them would have been 80 percent lower than the mean SCC value if they had followed the guidance. And the result overstates the benefits by at least four times relative to what it would be if only the national benefits were considered as OMB di-rects. This is a blatant pattern of disregard, Mr. Chairman, for the OMB guidance in order to inflate the SCC and begs the question how many input decisions were responsible where responsible peo-ple could disagree were selected in order only to inflate the SCC value. Let’s restore the faith and vote for this amendment. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ). Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Chairman, I thank my friend for bringing this amendment. It is an important amend-ment to people that matter very much. John Dingell is a man of integrity. I feel I know his heart. He has a huge heart, and we disagreed on many issues, but I know him as a man of in-tegrity. He was told he had to push through the cap and trade that would have got-ten into costing people for this so- called cost of carbon, and he said it is not only a tax, it is a great big tax, and he lost his chairmanship. But what John Dingell knows, what I know is when you start creating taxes on fuel, the people that get hammered the worst are the Nation’s poorest among us. That is who it gets passed to. That is who gets crushed. Let’s don’t do this to the hardworking, poor-est among us. Let’s vote for the Mullin amendment. Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amend-ment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I would just like to reiterate again: We should be using the best scientific in-formation available, and we should be incorporating the impacts from carbon pollution into regulatory analysis. When we see children being hospital-ized because of intense smog, more peo-ple suffering respiratory and heart dis-ease, and other impacts from that, we all pay for that. Whether we pay for it in emergency room visits, we pay for it in our insurance, there are many ways in which we are individually paying for the pollution that is created, let alone recognizing the effects it has on cli-mate change. So, simply, again, we cannot afford to abandon science while trying to tackle climate change, and I strongly oppose the gentleman’s amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Oklahoma (Mr. M
ULLIN ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 45 OFFERED BY MS . MOORE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 45 printed in House Report 115–830. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. lll. There is appropriated for grants for lead reduction projects under sec-tion 1459B of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–19b) $10,000,000, to be derived from a reduction of $10,000,000 in the amount pro-vided in this Act under the heading ‘‘Envi-ronmental Protection Agency—Environ-mental Programs and Management’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. M
OORE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Wisconsin. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to rise today to offer an amend-ment to increase resources available to help address a scourge that is occur-ring in so many of our communities: lead poisoning. My district is facing its challenges like so many in our country, and the Federal Government must do its part by ensuring that we provide the re-sources to address this scourge. Two of the most prominent vectors are old housing and old water infra-structure, lateral lead pipes. My amendment would attempt to address just one of the sources of lead, old lat-eral lead pipes, while recognizing the need to address housing when the ap-propriate funding bill comes to the floor. Mr. Chairman, we know that children throughout America are at risk of a major public health crisis given aging drinking water infrastructure and housing stock. In my district alone, there are tens of thousands of lead service lines that pose a threat to the public health of children. We have heard so much about Flint, Michigan, but I can tell you that lead poisoning in my district mirrors that of Flint, Michigan. I mean, Mr. Chair-man, there just are no safe levels of lead for children. b1645 As noted in a recent report by The Pew Charitable Trusts: ‘‘In the absence of lead, hundreds of thousands of chil-dren would be more likely to realize their full potential thanks to higher grade point averages, a better chance of earning high school diplomas, and graduating from college, and a reduced likelihood of becoming teen parents or becoming convicted of crimes.’’ Yet lead exposure remains a serious threat for far too many kids and their fami-lies in our country. The only way to remove lead pipes as a source of lead contamination is to completely remove them. That is the goal that I joined with my former and dearly loved colleague, the late great Louise Slaughter, in writing to urge the EPA in March of this year to up-date its lead and copper rule to require 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.083 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6505 July 18, 2018 
the full replacement of lead service lines. But both public utilities and private homeowners are hard pressed to fi-nance this needed work. It is my under-standing that the average cost can be somewhere between $6,000 to $8,000 to replace such lines, which is an un-imaginable sum for many of the house-holds that our constituents live in. My amendment would provide fund-ing for one of the newest tools that Congress created in the 2016 WRDA bill to help communities address lead pipes. This program provides grants for lead reduction projects that help re-duce the concentration of lead in drinking water by, among other uses, providing assistance to low-income homeowners to replace lead service lines. Recognizing the need, Congress au-thorized the program at $60 million per year; yet it received only $10 million in the fiscal year 2018 omnibus appropria-tions bill. While I would like to get closer to the authorized level, my amendment is modest and pragmatic and would simply continue funding for this program at the fiscal year 2018 level. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, the fiscal year 2018 bill included $10 million for EPA to establish a grant program to provide funds to States and commu-nities for lead reduction projects as au-thorized in the 2016 WIIN Act. I might also point out that we now have a WIFIA program that is in the bill, which will allow for communities throughout the country to leverage up to $5 billion annually, and maybe more in the future, in their communities for such things as lead reduction within their towns and counties. Mr. Chairman, therefore, this is an amendment we can accept, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for his stewardship and for his recognition of the importance of this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. M
OORE ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 46 OFFERED BY MRS . MCMORRIS  
RODGERS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 46 printed in House Report 115–830. Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: SEC. lll. None of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be used by the Admin-istrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to implement, or to require the State of Washington to implement, the final rule entitled ‘‘Revision of Certain Federal Water Quality Criteria Applicable to Wash-ington’’ published on November 28, 2016 (81 Fed. Reg. 85417). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentlewoman from Washington (Mrs. M
CMORRIS ROD-
GERS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Washington. Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my amendment to reverse the past ad-ministration’s decision to implement unattainable water quality standards through the Environmental Protection Agency, EPA. I want to be clear that this amend-ment is not about opposing clean water standards. This is an amendment to support the work that Washington State, which has an impeccable envi-ronmental record, undertook. Washington developed their own standards for more than 190 pollutants after more than 3 years of research, outreach, and public feedback. These requirements would have already been some of the most rigorous nationwide, but EPA rejected them. For example, Spokane, the largest city in my district, invested $340 mil-lion in the first-of-its-kind water treat-ment facility. This facility was cele-brated, and the Republican mayor was invited to the White House by Presi-dent Obama to celebrate this invest-ment as a model for cities to work with residents to meet new environmental standards. The problem? Even this state-of-the- art facility would not be able to meet the immeasurable EPA standards. Spokane Valley, another major city in my district, is facing an estimated $1 billion for municipal and industrial compliance costs because of these rules. This will affect companies like Inland Empire Paper Company, which has been in business since 1911. Right now, the PCB standards that the pre-vious administration imposed will force them to limit their cardboard re-cycling capabilities and force them to send these products to landfills. We often hear the term ‘‘best avail-able science.’’ Well, these requirements cannot even be measured by the sci-entific community. They are unattain-able. It is not new for the EPA to abuse their power in the name of clean water. In Washington State, we saw this abuse of Federal authority with the What’s Upstream? campaign and its efforts to misrepresent our farmers and ranchers. When the Federal Government enacts a policy, it should not be pouring Fed-eral dollars into lobbying for its sup-port. Requirements that can’t even be measured are an abuse of trust, and it is vital that we fix this problem now, which is why my amendment limits funds to implement EPA’s water qual-ity standards that preempt Washington State’s. This amendment will allow flexi-bility and reasonable guidelines for States to move forward with water quality standards that can be measured and met. Mr. Chairman, I urge support, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, as has been pointed out, this amendment would prohibit the implementation of Washington State’s revised water qual-ity criteria. This standard protects communities from exposure to toxic contaminants, such as PCB, arsenic, and mercury in the fish that they eat. Being from Minnesota, Mr. Chair-man, I understand fish advisories very well. I often see signs that limit fish consumption for pregnant women, and for children in particular. This action, however, would ignore court decisions and the voices of Na-tive American Tribes, Asian-Pacific Is-lander communities, and fishing inter-ests, all of which agree that seafood consumption standards are necessary in order to protect public health and water quality. In fact, the Northwest Indian Fisheries Commission has asked that Congress reject this amendment because it puts the treaty rights that have been protected and the resources of Tribes in Washington at risk. Many native families subsist on the fish that they catch. Passing this amendment lowering water quality standards puts these families at great-er risk of poisoning from their tradi-tional foods. There is a lot of funding in this bill and some of the other bills that we have on the floor, Mr. Chairman, that work to prevent diabetes or to lower risk from diabetes with high blood sugar. Tribal nations are finding that returning to native foods, such as fish, is a great and excellent way of pre-venting or reducing the effects of dia-betes. But after years of failure by Wash-ington State to propose a protective standard, EPA finally put forth a standard which is more protective and meets the Clean Water Act require-ments. Now, I understand that the regulated community has always been uneasy about what stricter standards might be. The revised water quality criteria take steps to address their concerns. The standard approved the use of new implementation tools, including a longer compliance schedule and intake credits. An intake credit means that, if the water comes to you with a pollut-ant and you don’t discharge it, you are not responsible for having to remove it. So if you didn’t pollute it, you are not responsible for cleaning it up. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.086 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6506 July 18, 2018 
This amendment would circumvent all of the work that has been done to devise a standard that protects public health and water quality. Furthermore, Washington State offi-cials believe that, despite the Con-gresswoman’s good intentions—and I do believe that these are good inten-tions—this amendment would hurt the State of Washington. It would not ac-tually help the dischargers. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. Mr. CALVERT. Will the gentle-woman yield? Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS. I yield to the gentleman from California. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I certainly support her amendment. Under the previous administration, EPA proposed this stringent water reg-ulation standard in Washington State without utilizing sound scientific data or evidence. In doing so, EPA created regulatory uncertainty and imposed unachievable permit levels on the State, which are costly and nearly im-possible for industries to comply with. I encourage the State, the Tribes, and the EPA to continue to work to-gether to find agreeable standards that improve water quality and human health while, simultaneously, pro-viding clarity to the impacted commu-nities and industries. In the meantime, though, I certainly urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, when humans consume contaminated fish, it results in serious health im-pacts, such as cancer, organ damage and reproductive dysfunction, or im-pairment in brain development. High fish-consuming communities— as I have mentioned, Native American Tribes and Asian-Pacific Islander com-munities—need the protections af-forded by this revised water quality standard. I would like to, for the R
ECORD , again state that this amendment is not sup-ported by the State of Washington or the Tribal communities in the area. I strongly urge my colleagues to op-pose this amendment. Clearly, more work needs to be done. I look forward to having this amendment not pass and for people to get down to doing the se-rious work that needs to be done to ad-dress the gentlewoman’s concerns. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Washington (Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Washington will be postponed. AMENDMENT NO . 47 OFFERED BY MR . 
LOUDERMILK  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 47 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to enforce the final rule entitled ‘‘Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Fuel Efficiency Standards for Medium- and Heavy-Duty Engines and Vehicles—Phase 2’’ published in the Federal Register on October 25, 2016 (81 Fed. Reg. 73478 et seq.), with re-spect to trailers. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. L
OUDERMILK ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Chairman, under the Clean Water Act, Congress gave the Environmental Protection Agency the authority to regulate any air pollutant from any class or classes of new motor vehicles or new motor ve-hicle engines which may be reasonably anticipated to endanger public health or welfare. To avoid any ambiguity, Congress further defined the term ‘‘motor vehi-cle’’ as a ‘‘self-propelled vehicle de-signed for transporting persons or property on a street or highway.’’ Until recently, regulators under-stood, as any reasonable person would, that the term ‘‘self-propelled vehicle’’ only applies to vehicles that can move on a roadway under their own power, such as cars, pickup trucks, semi trucks, SUVs, or vans. Never was a trailer, whether a utility trailer pulled by a pickup truck, a boat trailer pulled by a car, or a cargo trailer pulled by a semi considered a self-propelled vehi-cle, and, therefore, these were never under the regulatory authority of the EPA. However, in 2016, without any author-ity of Congress, the EPA extended its regulatory authority and included cargo trailers in the rules for green-house gas emissions and fuel efficiency standards for on-road, heavy-duty vehi-cles and engines. This rule will require cargo trailers to add components that, in some cases, have shown to improve aerodynamics, resulting in some im-provement in fuel efficiency. However, this blanket policy, which has resulted from regulatory overreach, is not only costly to consumers, but, in some cases, is counterproductive to the Agency’s own mission of promoting clear, clean air policies and practices. The additional weight of these aero-dynamic components that are being mandated by the EPA will cause car-riers to significantly limit the amount of cargo a single trailer can carry and still stay within DOT weight restric-tions. Therefore, carriers have to put more trucks on the highway to carry the same amount of goods. Obviously, more trucks mean more carbon emis-sions without any measurable im-proved efficiency. If the EPA is able to enforce this reg-ulation, it will not only be counter-productive to the environment, but also very costly to American con-sumers. b1700 The trucking industry has made sig-nificant strides in recent years to im-prove fuel efficiency and reduce air pol-lution, without the government man-dates. This amendment simply prevents the EPA from using any funds in this act to regulate trailers under the green-house gas rule. Congress never ex-tended to the EPA the authority to regulate trailers under the Clean Air Act, because trailers are not and have never been considered self-propelled ve-hicles. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this commonsense amendment, so we can put an end to this blatant regu-latory overreach. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. P
OEof Texas). The gentlewoman from Min-nesota is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, this amendment would prohibit the EPA from implementing or enforcing its greenhouse gas and fuel efficiency standards for medium-and heavy-duty engines. Specifically, this amendment carves out an exemption for trailers. These fuel standards were jointly developed by the EPA and the Department of Transportation, and they will improve fuel efficiency and cut carbon pollution to reduce the impacts of climate change. In fact, the EPA and DOT estimate that these standards will lower CO
2 emissions by approximately 1 billion metric tons and cut fuel costs by $170 million. And cutting fuel costs is al-ways a good thing to go do. These standards will achieve green-house gas emission reductions that are nearly equal to those associated with all the energy used by U.S. residents in 1 year. These efficiency fuel standards have been in place since 2016, and companies around the world have already made massive investments in the cleaner technology. Blocking the rule now would have negative consequences for human health and the environment, but also for the economy. I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.088 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6507 July 18, 2018 
the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
RIFFITH ), and I thank him for his hard work on this amendment. Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman very much, and I appreciate my colleague for intro-ducing this amendment. He is absolutely right. The Clean Air Act never gave the EPA this authority. They just created it out of thin air. Their rationale is kind of interesting, because they took the authority that said that they could regulate new motor vehicles or new motor vehicle engines, and then the definition of new motor vehicle meaning any self-pro-pelled vehicle designed for transporting persons or properties on a street or highway, and applied it to trailers. They are not self-propelled. When I asked Janet McCabe, who was the Acting Director of the Air Division of the EPA, when she came in front of the Energy and Commerce Committee how in the world could they do this, and I presumed she wasn’t a lawyer and she said: Well, yes, I am. I was surprised, because the language is pretty clear. They don’t have the ability to do that. She said: Well, you can’t haul any goods if the trailer is not attached to a truck. That is not in the code. The code says that they only have authority over self-propelled vehicles. They cre-ated this out of whole cloth. It doesn’t make any sense to allow an agency to create law. That is our job, and I told her that that day. I said: Look, you think this needs to be changed, bring in a bill, and we will discuss it. They have never done that. They don’t have authority. We shouldn’t fund something that is clearly illegal based on the plain English reading of the terms. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Chairman, I urge all of my colleagues to join the gentleman from Virginia and myself in support of what is a commonsense up-holding of our constitutional authority as the legislative branch, and I encour-age a ‘‘yea’’ vote on this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, this rule promotes a generation of cleaner, more fuel efficient trucks. President Obama was right when he said: ‘‘We are the first generation to feel the impact of climate change and the last generation who can do something about it.’’ This amendment is harmful, and I urge my colleagues to reject it. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. L
OUDERMILK ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 48 OFFERED BY MR . LAMBORN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 48 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS  S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement or en-force the threatened species listing of the Preble’s meadow jumping mouse under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AMBORN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, the Preble’s meadow jumping mouse is a tiny rodent with a body approximately 3 inches long, a 4- to 6-inch long tail, and large hind feet adapted for jumping. This largely noc-turnal mouse lives primarily in streamside ecosystems in Wyoming and Colorado. To evade predators, the Preble’s meadow jumping mouse can jump up to 18 inches high, like a miniature kan-garoo. But this little acrobat’s most fa-mous feat was its leap onto the endan-gered species list back in May 1998, a move that has since hindered develop-ment on the front range of Colorado, from Colorado Springs, Colorado, to the Wyoming border. Among projects that have been af-fected are the Jeffco Parkway south-east of Rocky Flats, an expansion of the Chatfield Reservoir, and housing developments in El Paso County along tributaries of Monument Creek. Build-ers, landowners, and local governments in affected areas have incurred hun-dreds of millions of dollars in added costs because of this mouse. Protecting the Preble’s mouse has even been placed ahead of protecting human life. On September 11, 2013, Colorado expe-rienced a major flood event that dam-aged or destroyed thousands of homes, important infrastructure, and public works projects. As a result of the Preble’s mouse’s listing as an endan-gered species, many restoration projects were delayed as Colorado sought a waiver. Moreover, the scientific evidence simply does not justify these delays or the millions of taxpayer dollars that go toward protecting a rodent that is ac-tually part of a larger group that roams throughout half of the North American Continent. Several scientific studies have con-cluded that the Preble’s mouse does not warrant protection because it isn’t a subspecies at all and is actually re-lated to one of the largest and most widespread genetic lineages of North American jumping mice. Even the sci-entist that originally classified this mouse as a subspecies has since re-canted his work. Moreover, the Preble’s mouse has a low conservation priority score, mean-ing that the hundreds of millions of dollars already spent on protection ef-forts could have been better spent on other, more fragile species. My amendment would correct the in-justice that has been caused by the in-accurate listing of the Preble’s meadow jumping mouse and would refocus the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service’s efforts on species that have been thoroughly scientifically vetted and that should be managed by the Endangered Species Act. This amendment is supported by Citi-zens Against Government Waste and has previously passed the House of Representatives on three separate oc-casions, all by bipartisan votes. So I encourage my colleagues to, once again, support this commonsense amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. First, I would like to make the case that this is a rider, that this is author-izing on an appropriations amendment, and that the author of the amendment is in the majority. The majority could have a hearing in the authorizing committee. It could come to the floor. It could pass on the floor. The Senate could move it. And it appears to me that President Trump is in a position to sign this into law, should he choose to do so. So there is another alternative vehi-cle for moving the gentleman’s amend-ment forward, and that is to do it legis-latively and not put it on an appropria-tions bill. The Senate has chosen to put no riders on their appropriations bill. But the amendment is before us. As pointed out, it would prohibit the Fish and Wildlife Service from imple-menting or enforcing the threatened species listing of the Preble’s meadow jumping mouse under the Endangered Species Act, and it would restrict the Service from offering any of the crit-ical protections to preserve the species. Now, once a species is listed under the Endangered Species Act, it is the role of Fish and Wildlife, and it is pri-marily permissive, to help parties com-ply with the act as they carry out their activities. I also want to make sure the R
ECORD  is clear that Fish and Wildlife Service reviewed the information claiming an alleged taxonomic error in the listing of the species and found no evidence that the Preble’s meadow jumping mouse is not a valid subspecies. But under this amendment, the Serv-ice would not be able to continue to offer to recover this species, though the Endangered Species Act prohibi-tions would still apply. The Service 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.092 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6508 July 18, 2018 
would not be able to work with agen-cies. The Service would not be able to work with developers. The Service would not be able to work with land-owners and others to provide ESA com-pliance. The Fish and Wildlife Service would be barred from issuing permits or ex-emptions. This means that landowners, industry, and other parties who might need to take the Preble’s meadow jumping mouse incidental to their oth-erwise lawful activities, such as urban development, would become vulnerable to third-party lawsuits. Additionally, this amendment would also limit the Service from under-taking the required status reviews of the subspecies or from any initial rule-making to downlist or to delist the spe-cies, as appropriate. Mr. Chair, I think it is pretty obvious that this amendment should go through a different way of coming to the floor, and that is through the au-thorizing committee. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I yield as much time as he may consume to the distinguished gentleman from California (Mr. C
ALVERT ). Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, as you know, the House has spoken on this. In last year’s conference report, we di-rected Fish and Wildlife Service to make this species among its highest priorities for consultation and permit processing. Obviously, the agency has not moved fast enough, and they need to get hopping. So I am sure this amendment will squeak by with all of our support. I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time to close. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. I will just conclude by saying, if the Fish and Wildlife Service worked to-gether with developers, local commu-nities, and other groups, that would be one thing. But when they come in with a hammer and say, you have to do it this way, that is really not working to-gether. That has, unfortunately, been the experience of many parties on the front range of Colorado. Mr. Chairman, I would urge that, once again, we support this amend-ment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. The Service has a statutory require-ment to implement the Endangered Species Act. Defunding the agency’s ability to fulfill its legal requirements makes it more vulnerable to lawsuits, and I know that that is something that we are all trying to avoid here. When you have lawsuits, it is an unnecessary cost for the taxpayers. Now, the gentleman’s amendment would undermine the Service’s ability to work collaboratively with States, local governments, communities, and landowners, to conserve this imperiled species. The amendment would create uncertainty for landowners and also make them vulnerable to lawsuits. So we should not pass this amend-ment. We should be supporting the Fish and Wildlife Service efforts and not blocking the agency from doing its job. Mr. Chair, my commitment to the chairman and to my walking partner in the tunnels as we all come over for votes is to work with them to make the Fish and Wildlife Service more re-sponsible to the gentleman’s concerns. But at this time, I have to oppose the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 49 OFFERED BY MR . LAMBORN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 49 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS  S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement or en-force the threatened species or endangered species listing of any plant or wildlife that has not undergone a review as required by section 4(c)(2) of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1533(c)(2)). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AMBORN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. b1715 Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Mr. Chair, my amendment is straightforward. It simply ensures that the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service is following current law, specifically sec-tion 4(c)(2) of the Endangered Species Act, by conducting their review of all threatened and endangered plants and wildlife at least once every 5 years. Time after time, the Federal Govern-ment refuses to follow the will of Con-gress when it enacted the Endangered Species Act. The government des-ignates land as ‘‘critical habitat’’ de-spite not meeting the ESA definition, and the government consistently re-fuses to remove plants and animals from threatened or endangered status even when those species are flourishing and no longer in need of ESA protec-tions. But you may ask yourself: How does the government know when a species should be removed from the endangered or threatened list? How does the gov-ernment know if a species is recov-ering? The answer could be found in the ESA, and it is a requirement that the Federal Government review all plants or species that are currently listed as endangered or threatened every 5 years. Under the Endangered Species Act, the purpose of a 5-year review is to en-sure that threatened and endangered species have the appropriate level of protection. And because the ESA grants extensive protection to a spe-cies, including harsh penalties for land-owners and other citizens, it makes sense to regularly verify if a plant or animal is being properly classified or if it should be delisted. Despite this commonsense require-ment, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Serv-ice acknowledged earlier this year that it has neglected its responsibility to conduct the required reviews for nearly 1,000 species. By enforcing the 5-year review, my amendment will ensure that the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service is using the best available scientific information in implementing its responsibilities under the ESA, including incorporating new information through public comment and assessing ongoing conservation ef-forts. This amendment is supported by Citi-zens Against Government Waste, the National Mining Association, and the American Farm Bureau, and it has pre-viously passed the House of Represent-atives on three separate occasions, all by bipartisan votes. I encourage my colleagues to join me in ensuring that the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service follows the law, the letter of the law, in the Endangered Species Act and that we do not allow the agency to spend money that would violate current law. Mr. Chair, I ask my colleagues to once again support my amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, the Serv-ice attempts to comply with the statu-tory mandate to review the status of listed species every 5 years to deter-mine whether their classification as threatened or endangered is still appro-priate. However, the Service has a backlog of such reviews due to funding limitations, such as the 42 percent list-ing ‘reduction contained in this bill. In this bill, the work that the Service would need to do to comply with what you want in this bill alone is cut $8 million, so that just puts them farther behind. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.094 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6509 July 18, 2018 
In recent years, the Service has only been able to complete 100 to 120 reviews per year, which is less than half of what is needed to keep up with the re-quirement to review all the species every 5 years. So that falls on Congress for us not giving them the funds that they need to do the job effectively and efficiently as you are requesting, and the way to fix that is to give them the proper funding. But as the gentleman might be aware, the chairman was given level funding this year. He did the very best that he could with what he had to bal-ance things out in the interests of the requests he had from Members of the House, but this particular $8 million cut just makes your problem even worse. This amendment would not remove species, without reviews, from the list of the species protected by the ESA. So the ESA prohibition against take would still remain, as would the ability of citizens to sue to force compliance. If funding cannot be used to enforce the ESA for species with late reviews, that will leave the species unprotected. While the proposed language would prohibit the Service from working with agencies, developers, landowners, and others to provide ESA compliance through section 7 consultations or sec-tion 10 permits for Federal or private projects that could potentially affect the species, it would not affect the ability of third parties to sue those agencies or landowners and potentially enjoin their projects due to the lack of ESA compliance. Mr. Chairman, as I said about the last amendment, we don’t need another rider or extraneous provision in this bill. It is already overburdened with many, many riders. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to take this language to the appropriate committees of jurisdiction and work through and see if we can make posi-tive changes and create win-wins. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. And I would urge my colleagues, if they want the backlog to change, to help the chair-man and me get more money into the allocation of this bill so the chairman and I can work to achieve those goals together. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Two quick responses, then I am going to yield some time. When it comes to funding for the Fish and Wildlife Service, they are just going to have to basically do what every other private or governmental entity, family, and individual has to do, which is prioritize their spending. They have to live within their means. We all have to live within our means. They have to have the priorities where they can do the job with the money that they are given. Number two, I think that maybe my colleague would agree with me that outside environmental groups are largely to blame for bringing massive lawsuits that tie up a lot of the re-sources of the Fish and Wildlife Service so they can’t be doing their business of protecting the species that they are al-ready supposed to be caring for. So I think they really get a lot of the blame here as well. Mr. Chair, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ALVERT ). Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chair, I support this amendment. The root of the frustration with the Endangered Species Act is that species rarely get delisted, and people who are directly affected by a listing are con-demned to a life of an additional Fed-eral rule indefinitely. Congress tried to prevent this by re-quiring the Fish and Wildlife Service to review the status of every listed spe-cies every 5 years and to down-list or delist species accordingly. Today, the Service has a backlog of 892 species without a current 5-year re-view. Without these 5-year reviews, species could be recovered and we wouldn’t even know it. I find this simply unac-ceptable. Unless the Service focuses its per-sonnel on inherently Federal respon-sibilities under the ESA and non-Fed-eral partners take the lead on actual recovery, we will never break the con-tentious and litigious cycle that we have now. And, by the way, we have actually in-creased the ESA recovery budget in this bill for 5-year reviews. So let’s get ESA working again. Mr. Chair, I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote on this amendment. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for his remarks. Mr. Chair, I would urge my col-leagues to once again support this com-monsense amendment, which we have done in the past three different times on a bipartisan basis. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AMBORN ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 50 OFFERED BY MR . GOODLATTE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 50 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Environ-mental Protection Agency to take any of the actions described as a ‘‘backstop’’ in the De-cember 29, 2009, letter from EPA’s Regional Administrator to the States in the Water-shed and the District of Columbia in re-sponse to the development or implementa-tion of a State’s watershed implementation and referred to in enclosure B of such letter. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself 3 minutes. Mr. Chairman, today I rise to urge support for my amendment, which would reaffirm and preserve the rights of the States to write their own water quality plans. My amendment simply prohibits the EPA from using its Chesapeake Bay Total Maximum Daily Load and the so- called watershed implementation plans to hijack States’ water quality strate-gies. Over the last several years, the EPA has implemented a Total Maximum Daily Load blueprint for the six States in the Chesapeake Bay watershed, which strictly limits the amount of nu-trients that can enter the Chesapeake Bay. Through its implementation, the EPA has basically given every State in the watershed an ultimatum: either the State does exactly what the EPA says or it faces the threat of an EPA takeover of its water quality programs. Congress intended that the imple-mentation of the Clean Water Act be a collaborative approach, through which the States and the Federal Government work together. This process was not meant to be subject to the whims of politics and bureaucrats in Wash-ington. Therefore, my amendment in-structs the EPA to respect the impor-tant role States play in implementing the Clean Water Act. I want to make it perfectly clear that this amendment would not stop the EPA from working with the States to restore the Chesapeake Bay, nor would it undermine the cleanup efforts al-ready underway. My language only re-moves the ability of the EPA to take over a State’s plan or to take retalia-tory actions against the State if it does not meet EPA-mandated goals. Again, it ensures States’ rights remain intact and not usurped by the EPA. It is important to point out that the correlation between the EPA’s out-rageous waters of the United States rule and the Bay TMDL, at the heart of both issues is the EPA’s desire to con-trol conservation and water quality improvement efforts throughout the country and to punish all those who dare to oppose them. The bay is a national treasure, and I want to see it restored, but we know that in order to achieve this goal, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.098 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6510 July 18, 2018 
States and the EPA must work to-gether. The EPA cannot be allowed to railroad the States and micromanage the process. This amendment has passed the House with bipartisan support several times, and I urge my colleagues to once again vote to ask the EPA to respect the important role States play in im-plementing the Clean Water Act and prevent another Federal power grab by the administration. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, this amendment would allow those who pol-lute the Chesapeake Bay to ignore the Environmental Protection Agency’s water quality standards. Restoring the Chesapeake Bay and its watershed continues to be a pri-ority, and a priority for this committee to fund it. The EPA established the mandatory water quality standards and Congress has appropriated over $1 billion for the Chesapeake Bay Pro-gram to help States, localities, and businesses meet those needs. This amendment would jeopardize that funding and have devastating effects on the health of the bay. How long will the States and local-ities be able to meet their obligations that they agreed to in 2014 in the Chesapeake Bay Watershed Agreement if the Federal Government’s financial assistance goes away? This is a partnership. We should keep the partnership moving forward. Furthermore, if this amendment were to become law, it would block the EPA’s ability to enforce the court-or-dered settlement requiring the farm community and agribusinesses to meet watershed specific pollution limits. It would not, however, relieve the farms and agribusinesses from the require-ments in the settlement. The State and local governments want to move forward. They want to keep the partnership moving. But the Farm Bureau and, in fact, some of the industrial operators they represent don’t think that they should be respon-sible for controlling the pollution that they dump into our rivers and streams across the country. The courts have sided with the EPA on this matter, and the Farm Bureau continues their pursuit to stop manda-tory cleanups through judicial appeals and through this amendment. There are enough special interest provisions for big business in this bill already. We don’t need any more. Mr. Chair, I urge defeat of this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Virginia has 2
1⁄2minutes remain-ing. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chair, I yield 11⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. P
ERRY ). Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chairman, this amendment prohibits the use of funds to take retaliatory actions against in-dividual States. Importantly, this amendment would not prevent the EPA from working with States to restore the bay. In 1985, the States in the Chesapeake Bay region recognized the need to ad-dress pollutants in the bay and, through their own initiative, came to-gether to conduct cleanup efforts. These State-driven efforts were largely successful. As a matter of fact, water quality improved almost 50 percent from 1985 to 2010. However, in 2010, the EPA seized the States’ authority to determine their own continued compliance and threat-ened to dictate Federal requirements if the States were unable to comply. This 2010 power grab, known as the Chesa-peake Bay TMDL, directly contradicts the intent of the Clean Water Act. The Clean Water Act clearly ac-knowledges State authority in water quality and requires cooperation rather than coercion between the States and the Federal Government. These coercive methods have been tried and imposed and have failed. Ac-tually, water quality has not improved since the federalization of the bay cleanup efforts. It is simply imperative that we re-turn the constitutional rights of the States to make their own water qual-ity improvement decisions and restore the State control that has been shown to actually improve water quality. The future of the Chesapeake Bay depends on it. b1730 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, it is my pleasure to yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ALVERT ), the chairman of the com-mittee. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I am happy to rise in support of the gentle-man’s amendment. This is another ex-ample of EPA overreach. It is my hope that my colleagues from Virginia and Pennsylvania can continue to work with the administration to find com-mon ground on approaches that will improve water quality in a more flexi-ble manner. I certainly support this amendment and I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, in closing, let me just say, this amend-ment does not in any way take any re-sources away from any of the six States in the Chesapeake Bay region to improve water quality. What it does take away is the ability of the EPA to dictate to those States one way, their way, to do it. The Clean Water Act was written with it in mind that the Federal Gov-ernment would set the standards and the States would figure out how to meet those standards. And that flexi-bility has been taken away starting in the Obama administration, and it is time for this Congress to stop them from doing that so that we can have the kind of collaborative effort just de-scribed by the subcommittee chairman, Mr. CALVERT , and get back to doing things the right way. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, for more than 35 years, there has been a regional partnership created through the Chesapeake Bay Program, and it sought to restore and protect the Na-tion’s largest and most productive es-tuaries. That is a partnership with the Federal Government which includes funding that is working together to achieve those common goals. Now, I have nothing before me saying that the State of Virginia, or any of the regional partners, want to with-draw from this moving forward to con-tinue to clean up this estuary. This amendment would undermine decades of work and decades of Federal dollars that the Federal Government has put in in partnership, and it would have devastating effects to the health of the bay and the economy it supports. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 51 OFFERED BY MR . GALLEGO  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 51 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. No funds appropriated by this Act may be used to issue a grazing permit or lease in contravention of section 4110.1 or 4130.1-1(b) of title 43, Code of Federal Regula-tions. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
ALLEGO ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Chairman, graz-ing on public lands is a privilege—not a right—and ranchers who use these 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.101 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6511 July 18, 2018 
lands should abide by the law and pay their fair share. On average, Federal rates for grazing are more than 90 percent lower than what the private sector charges. In fact, these rates are so low that the government actually loses money ad-ministering the grazing program. My amendment would simply reaffirm that grazing permits or leases should not be issued to anyone who refuses to comply with BLM regulations, including the payment of fees. Mr. Chairman, this is a narrow amendment, but it speaks to a broader principle. We can’t claim to support the rule of law and then look the other way when ranchers like Cliven Bundy ignore their obligations. Bundy thumbed his nose at the exec-utive and judicial branches of our gov-ernment, running up over $1 million in unpaid fees. He then put the lives of local and Federal officials in danger during a standoff at his Nevada ranch. Later, when two Oregon ranchers named Dwight and Steven Hammond, who also have a history of disregarding grazing regulations, were sent to Fed-eral prison for fires they potentially set near Federal lands, members of the Bundy family led an armed occupation of the national wildlife refuge. Mr. Chairman, President Trump re-cently pardoned the Hammonds, vali-dating these violent tactics and insult-ing the courageous law enforcement of-ficers who risked their lives during the confrontation in Oregon. With these pardons, Trump has effectively given his blessing to groups who intimidated, threatened, and occupied local commu-nities. He has legitimized Bundy’s ex-treme right-wing movements. Make no mistake, Donald Trump is sending a clear message to militant and antigovernment organizations: You can break the law, threaten Fed-eral employees, and endanger public safety with complete impunity. That is unacceptable. Mr. Chairman, freeloading on Federal land is unlawful and unfair. Let’s pass my amendment and reaffirm that the ranchers need to play by the rules just like the rest of us. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Arizona is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chair, this amend-ment previously failed by recorded vote in July of 2016. The amendment taxed ranchers and attempts to reliti-gate the Bundy matter. DOJ was found to have withheld evi-dence and to have violated these ranch-ers’ rights. There is no reason to reliti-gate this matter at this juncture. The regulations are already in place. This is an unnecessary political amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Chair, let’s face it: Ranchers who refuse to pay what they owe the Federal Government are freeloaders, pure and simple. If you don’t pay your taxes, you go to jail. If you don’t pay your mortgage, you get your house taken away. Ranchers are not more special than any other Amer-icans. They are freeloaders, and they should pay for their freeloading. Con-gress should not stand for it. Let’s pass my amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, the gen-tleman brings up exactly the point I am trying to make. We are trying to relitigate a previously settled issue. It was actually found that these ranchers’ rights were violated by the Department of Justice. We started looking—the Hammonds were brought up. When we were actu-ally looking at this case where they ac-tually tried to look at the fire danger on their land, and it got beyond their lands and on to public land, they were fined exclusively and hardlined. Where is the same type of justice given to the Forest Service or the BLM when their prescribed burn fires go out of hand and take private holdings? It is not the same. This isn’t about free-loading. This is about a case where we need to look at how we take care of our public lands. Mr. Chair, I ask everybody to vote against this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. G
ALLEGO ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 52 OFFERED BY MR . BYRNE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 52 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to repeal section 105(a)(2) or section 105(b) of the Gulf of Mex-ico Energy Security Act of 2006 (43 U.S.C. 1331 note). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. B
YRNE ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chair, I rise today to offer a straightforward amendment to prohibit any effort to redirect funds allocated under the Gulf of Mexico En-ergy Security Act, which is commonly known as GOMESA. For those who don’t know, GOMESA calls for a Federal revenue sharing agreement between the Federal Gov-ernment and four Gulf States: Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi, and Alabama. The program is designed to split up revenue from selected oil and gas lease sales in the Outer Continental Shelf of the Gulf of Mexico. The neat thing about GOMESA is it ensures appropriate funding for the coastal areas that provide the work-force, assume the environmental risk, build much of the infrastructure, and support the offshore oil and gas indus-try. It only makes sense that the coastal areas should receive an ade-quate share of the revenue. Previously, there have been adminis-trative efforts to direct the money away from the Gulf States, and, in-stead, devote the resources to national projects. While I appreciate the Trump administration not including any such proposal in this year’s budget, I still believe it is important for Congress to send a clear, bipartisan message that we do not support moving GOMESA funds away from the Gulf Coast. In fact, just this year, the Depart-ment of the Interior disbursed almost $188 million to the four Gulf oil and gas producing States. Alabama received $21 million this year, and the two coastal counties in Alabama received an addi-tional combined amount of $5 million. I have seen these GOMESA funds put to good use back in my home State of Alabama, whether it was for environ-mental rehabilitation protection projects or programs that boost the coastal tourism economy. GOMESA is working by supporting and promoting our Gulf Coast communities. If you talk to our local mayors and county leaders, they will tell you how criti-cally important GOMESA funding is for their region. It would be detrimental to go against congressional intent and redirect these funds away from our respective coastal communities. By including this amend-ment, we can make clear that Congress does not support reallocating these re-sources and show our strong support for the Gulf Coast. Mr. Chair, I ask for an ‘‘aye’’ vote on this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Alabama (Mr. BYRNE ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 53 OFFERED BY MR . BURGESS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 53 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Environ-mental Protection Agency to hire or pay the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.104 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6512 July 18, 2018 
salary of any officer or employee of the En-vironmental Protection Agency under sub-section (f) or (g) of section 207 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 209) who is not already receiving pay under either such sub-section on the date of enactment of this Act. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Chair, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Chair, I rise today to offer an amendment on an issue I have worked on for several years on the Committee on Energy and Commerce as the au-thorizing committee. In 2006, the Committee on Appropria-tions, without an authorization from the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, included a provision in the an-nual Department of the Interior EPA Appropriations bill to allow the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency to begin using a special paid program that was explicitly and exclusively authorized for use by the Public Health Service Administration under the Department of Health and Human Services. The special pay mechanism allows a government employee to leave the nor-mal GS pay scale and receive nearly uncapped compensation. This provision was intended to be used only in unique circumstances for leaders in the healthcare industry who would never leave the private sector to work for the Federal Government except for those special, more competitive salaries. Under current law, this justification can never be used at the Environ-mental Protection Agency. Indeed, some of the employees that the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency pays under title 42, the part of the U.S. Code that allows for this special pay, were previous government workers who were merely moved into the special pay scale because they desired more money. The Environmental Protection Agen-cy has claimed in the past that because the Environmental Protection Agency is a health organization, it may use this statute to pay special hires, and the Committee on Appropriations has agreed to let them, despite the author-izing committee’s objection. Originally, the Environmental Pro-tection Agency was granted only a handful of slots to fill with title 42 hires. That number has now increased to over 50. The cost to the taxpayers for these employees is tens of millions of dollars. This amendment would prevent the Environmental Protection Agency from hiring any new employees under title 42, or transferring any current employees from the GS scale to title 42. It would not effect current employ-ees being paid under this provision. This would give the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce, the authorizing committee, the time it needs to ad-dress whether the EPA truly deserves the special pay consideration. The Government Accountability Of-fice looked into the Department of Health and Human Services’ abuse of title 42 several years ago, and found problems with the implementation of this program. Within the Department of Health and Human Services where, arguably, this could be allowed, why would Congress ever allow the Environ-mental Protection Agency to imple-ment the same problematic pay struc-ture? b1745 In multiple hearings in the Energy and Commerce Committee, both former Administrator Lisa Jackson and former Administrator Gina McCarthy refused to give specifics regarding the program. A Freedom of Information Act request by the EPA union, the American Federation of Government Employees, sent to my office showed that title 42 hires at EPA are, in fact, sowing dissent among workers, with the union asking the Congress to stop this abusive and unfair hiring tech-nique. A report by the Environmental Pro-tection Agency’s own inspector general in 2015 discovered that the EPA did not properly demonstrate a need to use the title 42 hiring authority, nor did it pro-vide clear and convincing justification for its continued use. This is further proof that the Environmental Protec-tion Agency’s use of the title 42 hiring authority must come to an end. I have introduced legislation further clarifying that the Public Health Serv-ices Act, written for HHS, does not per-mit the EPA to use this language to hire employees under a special pay structure. Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, as I said earlier, this amendment, like some of the other amendments that we have seen, could be handled in the authorizing com-mittee, which the gentleman is a mem-ber of, if memory serves me correctly. The gentleman is in the majority. Call up, have a hearing, pass legisla-tion, and then do it in a way that doesn’t add more burdensome amend-ments and riders to this bill. The Sen-ate is also controlled by the same party in the majority, and the Presi-dent is of that party. So I would en-courage the gentleman to go through what I would call regular order. This amendment would prohibit the EPA from hiring scientists using its title 42 authority, the flexible hiring mechanism that allows agencies to at-tract and retain staff with outstanding scientific and technical skills. This authority, as has been pointed out, is used by the EPA, the CDC, the NIH, and other agencies that require candidates who have specialized de-grees in areas such as medicine, science, and engineering. It is not always easy for the Federal Government to attract high-level pro-fessionals who have invested many years in school and could easily make more money in private practice or aca-demia. In fact, we have heard that USGS and BLM quite often have prob-lems keeping highly educated engi-neers in place because the private sec-tor comes and offers them so much more money. So the Federal Government has found it wise to allow these agencies to provide some additional funding to re-tain and recruit these employees. We should want to have the best and the brightest working for us and the Amer-ican people—the best doctors, the best scientists, and the best engineers. So I am disappointed that the gentleman does not believe such highly specialized employees deserve the title 42 designa-tion. With our Nation facing crises like Lyme’s disease, PFAS in our drinking water, and climate change, we should be investing in our scientists. We should be encouraging them to seek employment with the Federal Govern-ment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. It is a reasonable amendment. It only affects employees who are new hires in title 42 in the Environmental Protec-tion Agency, not in the CDC and not in NIH. It is an amendment that would allow the authorizing committee an op-portunity to catch up with what the Appropriations Committee has done without an authorization. Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, once again, this amendment could go through a different order and not be placed onto an appropriations bill. This is a shortsighted amendment. I think it deserves to have a fair and open vetting with the House con-centrated on just what this would mean to the EPA. So I don’t think we should attack Federal employees who sometimes have chosen to not receive as much compensation and devote their lives to public service. Mr. Chairman, I urge defeat of the amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair under-stands that amendment No. 54 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 55 OFFERED BY MR . EMMER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 55 printed in House Report 115–830. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JY7.044 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6513 July 18, 2018 
Mr. EMMER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to withdraw Na-tional Forest System lands within the Rainy River Watershed on the Superior National Forest from disposition under United States mineral and geothermal leasing laws. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
MMER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota. Mr. EMMER. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer an amendment, which I am pleased to say that I intend to withdraw, because after months of hard work in this Chamber and with the administration, it is no longer necessary. Minnesota is the proud home to the Iron Range, which boasts an abundance of natural resources and critical min-erals. When it comes to protecting the environment while developing our eco-nomic assets, nobody does it better than Minnesota. Despite this history, on its very last day in office, the Obama administra-tion proposed to withdraw more than 240,000 acres of land in our State from mineral exploration and development. This last-minute action was an assault on our way of life, threatening thou-sands of jobs and billions of dollars in State revenue and school trust funding. It handicaps our national security by increasing our reliance on foreign sources of minerals. That is why I offered this amendment to stop this foolish action. This amendment is identical to one that was unanimously adopted by this Chamber last year and echoes the good news delivered by the President to thousands of Minnesotans on June 20 when he announced his intent to re-scind this arbitrary withdrawal, which is now in process. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, I understand that the amendment is going to be withdrawn, but let me explain what this language would have done. To the best of my knowledge, the leases haven’t been per-manently withdrawn yet. This language would have prevented the Forest Service and the Interior De-partment from acting to protect our Nation’s most visited wilderness area. The Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wil-derness is located in northern Min-nesota, and it is one of the last truly undisturbed wild places in America. It is a national treasure, and it is under threat from sulfide-ore copper mining. The proposed mine is next to the wilderness. There is no buffer, and there is no barrier here. It is literally in the same water. Sulfide-ore mining is the most toxic industry in America. It pollutes water-ways with acid drainage that contains arsenic, mercury, and lead. The Forest Service recognized how damaging this type of mining could be to the Boundary Waters, so they pro-posed a 20-year halt to Federal mine leases in the watershed. They were urged to study this withdrawal by our Governor from Minnesota, Tribal Gov-ernments, and people from all across America who were worried that sulfide mining could destroy the surrounding waters and lands. They have a right to be worried. All these mines have failed. In 2014, a sul-fide-ore mine in British Columbia failed, dumping billions of liters of toxic sludge, causing permanent envi-ronmental damage. So the Forest Service wisely decided to conduct a science-based assessment to see if mineral withdrawal would make sense for the water-intensive ecosystem of our Boundary Waters. Now, Mr. Chairman, despite what you might hear about what the gentleman said, the proposed mining withdrawal is not some overreach or some past or current administration being out of line. In 1976, Congress established this exact review process under the Federal Land Policy and Management Act. Congress intentionally provided a way to protect our country’s natural treas-ures and vulnerable places. If the gentleman’s amendment would have come to the floor for a vote and would have passed again, it would have stopped that review process. It would make the withdrawal study meaning-less, because it dictates the outcome. If this amendment had been on the floor and it would pass, the withdrawal of the Boundary Waters from sulfide- ore mining would have been off the table no matter what the study would have said is best for the wilderness. In every conversation I have had, and I have had many, with Secretary Zinke and Secretary Perdue, they have told me the same thing: The study should be completed. So I hope my colleagues and the President would reject having these leases go through without having a study. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. EMMER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. N
OLAN ), who is my col-league from Minnesota and coauthor of this amendment. Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Chairman, I thank Mr. E
MMER for yielding. The lady, for whom I have enormous respect, has failed to mention the fact that this or any other project any-where in the country, let alone the State of Minnesota, would be, never-theless, subject to endless reviews by the Environmental Protection Agency, some of which take up to 10 and 12 years. So it is not as though we are ap-proving a mining project here. It is going to have to undergo rigorous re-view. As my colleagues from Minnesota know, I was an original sponsor of the 1978 Boundary Waters Wilderness legis-lation. I am very proud of that fact. I want everybody to know here that, at the time, we made a solid commit-ment to preserve and to protect some 1.1 million acres out of the Superior National Forest for the BWCA, to pro-tect it from all manmade harm and damage to the environment. But we also made a commitment to reserve the remainder of the Superior National Forest for mixed-use purposes and spe-cifically cited recreation and forestry. The U.S. Forest Service described mining as a desirable-use purpose. In fact, that was the forestry service at that time. Our word is our bond in this business. This amendment will uphold that hard- fought compromise. The simple truth is that we have been mining on the Iron Range for 130 years, yet we have the cleanest water in the State of Min-nesota and perhaps the country. We are going to do everything we can to make sure that we keep it that way. Mr. EMMER. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to how much time I have remaining. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota has 2 minutes remain-ing. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. P
AULSEN ). Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, let me first start off by saying that I have great respect for my colleagues, both Representative E
MMER and Representative N OLAN , and the rest of our delegation, Representa-tive M
CCOLLUM included. This has been an ongoing debate. I just want to make sure folks under-stand, know, and can appreciate—and I know the gentleman is going to with-draw the amendment—that hundreds of thousands of people have been weighing in on this ongoing public process, and their comments should not be ignored. That is the bottom line. Nor should we be ignoring a science-based assessment of the best management practices that are important for one of Minnesota’s and the country’s national treasures. We should be open to new types of mining in Minnesota, but only when those necessary environmental reviews are met. I refer to the Boundary Waters as Minnesota’s Yellowstone. There is a reason for that. It has a national per-spective with hundreds of thousands of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.110 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6514 July 18, 2018 
Americans visiting it each and every year, whether it is canoeing or fishing. That is where some of my best memo-ries in my life have taken place. So I want to make sure—we owe it to ourselves and future generations—that we rely on science before undertaking any activity that would disrupt this fragile ecosystem. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the gentlewoman for yielding me time, and I want to thank my colleagues for their ongoing discussion on this issue. Mr. Chair, once again my colleagues, Rep-resentatives E
MMER and N OLAN , are offering this amendment. And while I appreciate my friendship with my Minnesota colleagues, I once again oppose this amendment and rise in opposition. Minnesota has a rich history of taconite min-ing that dates back generations. However, this amendment is not about taconite mining, it’s about copper-nickel mining, which has never been done before in Minnesota and is being proposed within the watershed of the Bound-ary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness, which is one of America’s most visited wilderness areas. An environmental review is currently under-way to study the viability of mining this close to the Boundary Water Canoe Area and this amendment would defund that review less than a year before its scheduled completion in 2019. Hundreds of thousands of people, on both sides of the issue, have weighed in on this on-going public process. Their comments should not be ignored. Nor should we be ignoring the science-based assessment of best manage-ment practices for one of Minnesota’s national treasures. We should be open to new types of mining in Minnesota, but only when the necessary en-vironmental reviews are met. The Boundary Waters Canoe Area is Min-nesota’s Yellowstone. Hundreds of thousands of Americans visit it on fishing and canoe trips annually. Some of the best memories of my life have taken place in the Boundary Waters. We owe it to ourselves and future genera-tions to rely on science before undertaking any activity that could potentially disrupt this fragile ecosystem. I oppose defunding the on-going environmental review and ask others to vote against the amendment. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. EMMER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. C
ALVERT ), who is the chair-man of the Appropriations Commit-tee’s Interior, Environment, and Re-lated Agencies Subcommittee. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, now you know how it feels about California water. I got the drift of this thing. Mr. Chairman, I certainly appreciate the gentleman’s interest on this issue and appreciate the variety of opinions about it. I thank the gentleman, as well as the gentlewoman from Min-nesota, who is the subcommittee’s ranking member, for her willingness to work with the committee. As we work together to try to move forward with this bill, I hope a compromise will be found. Mr. EMMER. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire how much time is remaining. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Minnesota has 2 minutes remain-ing. Mr. EMMER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman for his work and contin-ued support on this issue. To make a few closing points, noth-ing about this amendment would allow for mining in the Boundary Waters, pe-riod. b1800 In fact, to demonstrate the dis-connect and level of misinformation on this issue, my colleagues who stand in opposition to this amendment worked to have report language accompany this bill which incorrectly calls atten-tion to a ‘‘proposal’’ to withdraw lands within the Boundary Waters Canoe Area, despite the fact there is no such proposal and it remains unlawful to mine within the Boundary Waters. Nothing about this amendment eliminates any existing environmental protections. This amendment rein-forces the commonsense reality that economic growth and environmental protection do not have to be mutually exclusive. I am pleased to have the support of the House on this very important issue during this 115th Congress. I am pleased to have the pledged support and continued commitment from the administration to end this withdrawal. I am pleased that we will soon be able to get Washington out of the lives of thousands of hardworking Minneso-tans. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. Chair, I withdraw the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I re-served my time. The gentleman has withdrawn the amendment. Even though the amendment has been with-drawn, I don’t have the right to close or I would have used my time. Could the Parliamentarian instruct me as to if my time is actually gone. The Acting CHAIR. The gentle-woman’s time has elapsed because the amendment was withdrawn. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, we do have a tradition of mining in Min-nesota—taconite mining is the new mining—and I just want to reiterate the fact that these leases are for min-ing and the company that is looking to mine is sulfide-ore mining. But, Mr. Chairman, I want to close by sharing some words from the found-ing members of Kids for the Boundary Waters. I have their handwritten notes. To have handwritten notes from Amer-ica’s young adults these days is pretty special. From Callie: ‘‘This unique place shaped my life. The Boundary Waters helped me to realize my potential.’’ From Henry: ‘‘I have watched year after year as families like my own have grown together in this wilderness.’’ From Julia: ‘‘The pristine, untainted waters of the Boundary Waters are es-sential to the quality and uniqueness of the journeys of visitors.’’ From Tommaso: ‘‘I am more com-mitted than ever to help preserve and protect this beautiful and unique eco-system for future generations.’’ From Elsa: ‘‘Once the watershed faces sulfide-ore copper mining, it will never be the same.’’ From Joseph, who started this orga-nization during his fight with leu-kemia: ‘‘What cancer has taught me for sure is that sometimes life only gives you one chance to get things right, and this is our one chance to protect the Boundary Waters.’’ I urge my colleagues and others to join me in standing with these young, inspiring people and to oppose the lease renewal. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. AMENDMENT NO . 56 OFFERED BY MR . GROTHMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 56 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement or en-force the rule entitled ‘‘National Ambient Air Quality Standards for Ozone’’ published by the Environmental Protection Agency in the Federal Register on October 26, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 65292). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ROTHMAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chairman, the purpose of this amendment is to deal with the new rule entitled, ‘‘National Ambient Air Quality Standards for Ozone,’’ which affects several Wis-consin counties that I represent along Lake Michigan. Since the original CLEAR Act came into effect, the Environmental Protec-tion Agency has had the authority to regulate air emissions from stationary and mobile sources. They have—and this is a good thing—over time, pro-gressively come up with new rules, making the standards more and more stringent for the counties along Lake Michigan. If you are ruled a nonattainment, it is a burden. It is a burden on industry that has to spend substantial amounts of additional money dealing with stricter and stricter standards, putting them at a competitive disadvantage compared to other parts of the country and other parts of the world. It is also 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.112 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6515 July 18, 2018 
a difficult thing for individual motor-ists who find their cars have to be re-paired. It is very expensive. Some of it is easy for people who have a high salary to deal with. Maybe they don’t have an older car. But I have always felt that some of this dis-proportionately affects the people who are just struggling to get a goal in life. Therefore, when the EPA comes up with new standards, it is not without effect. They need to come up with new standards they proposed a couple of years ago. The purpose of the amendment is to prevent them from spending money promulgating these new standards so that our industries may have a predict-able situation and not be at a competi-tive disadvantage. I should point out that, insofar as the counties along Lake Michigan are ruled a nonattainment, it may be through no fault of their own. In part, for historical reasons, they have mon-itored the ozone by placing the mon-itors real near Lake Michigan, where there are artificially high amounts of ozone. Secondly, we have a situation where, insofar as there are pollutants in the area, almost all of them come from south of Wisconsin, out of Chicago or areas further south. As a practical matter, it can be almost impossible, or even impossible, for these Wisconsin counties to deal with these problems. I have been working with the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency on this issue. After introducing the amend-ment, I have continued to work with the Environmental Protection Agency. While I would like to deal with this problem statutorily, I realize it would be probably better for all concerned if the Environmental Protection Agency, as well as the business community in Wisconsin, and I could reach a conclu-sion. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. Chair, I withdraw my amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana). The amendment is with-drawn. 
AMENDMENT NO . 57 OFFERED BY MR . CONNOLLY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 67 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. lll. None of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be used to propose or issue any modification to any regulation es-tablished in the final rule of the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency entitled ‘‘Disposal of Coal Combus-tion Residuals From Electric Utilities’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 21301 (April 17, 2015)). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, it is in the spirit of bipartisan, common-sense, and modest safeguards that I sought to offer this amendment that would protect the 2015 Federal coal ash rule. Sadly, late last night, Acting EPA Administrator Wheeler helped cement the toxic legacy of former Adminis-trator Pruitt’s reign over the EPA by rolling back Federal coal ash stand-ards, making this amendment moot. I remind my colleagues that the Obama-era Federal coal ash rule was not rushed nor was it onerous. In fact, some think it didn’t go far enough. After years of debate, input from com-munity and industry stakeholders, and nearly half a million public comments, the Obama administration finalized stringent but pragmatic Federal coal ash regulations to deal with post-clo-sure requirements, groundwater moni-toring, and public reporting. The Pruitt proposal, which was an-nounced only 5 months ago, included very few hearings, very little outreach to the public, and last night was final-ized. That is warp speed, even for the Trump administration’s swamp-driven EPA antiregulation movement. So, no, the 2015 rule was not rushed; the Pruitt rule most certainly was. I also remind my colleagues of the catastrophic 2008 Kingston, Tennessee, coal ash spill and why the Federal Gov-ernment got in this business to begin with. The Kingston spill was a dev-astating event. The breach released 5 million cubic yards of coal ash, cov-ering 300 acres in toxic sludge, dam-aging and destroying homes and prop-erty, resulting in $1.2 billion in cleanup costs, mostly borne by the public. The lasting health consequences of that spill, some of which are still un-known, are even worse. Residents still suffer from respiratory illnesses and other side effects. Arsenic levels where the coal ash runoff was disposed of were measured at 100 times, Mr. Chair-man, higher than the amount allowed under the Safe Drinking Water Act. The EPA has already said such expo-sure significantly increases risk of can-cers. Earlier this year, lawyers filed suit in Federal court alleging that more than 180 members of this Superfund cleanup now face severe health effects, and 30 individuals have died from the cleanup of this toxic waste. These coal ash spills continue to occur across the country, Mr. Chair-man, including in my home State of Virginia, where a neighboring State, North Carolina, had a coal ash pond that spilled more than 39,000 tons of toxic ash and 24 million gallons of wastewater into the Dan River. Though much of the public and media attention to this spill was focused on North Carolina’s regulatory short-comings, Virginia was exposed to the dangers of the coal ash spill. As a re-sult, Virginia’s Department of Environ-mental Quality secured a $2.5 million settlement against Duke Energy Caro-linas, a fraction of the cost of the cleanup. What has happened in Virginia, North Carolina, and Tennessee can happen in any one of our communities that have or are near coal ash im-poundment ponds, which is why we must protect the 2015 Federal coal ash rule. Unfortunately, that is not what happened last night. What happened last night will weak-en groundwater monitoring and clean-up requirements without considering the widespread evidence of significant groundwater contamination recently revealed by industry’s own data. Al-ready, under the 2015 rule’s reporting requirements, coal ash waste sites across the country displayed evidence of contaminating groundwater. Under Pruitt’s proposal, that data may not even see the light of day. We may not know. We are not going to monitor. Surely, if there is anything we here in Congress can agree on, it is the right of all people to have access to safe drinking water. As a result of the 2015 Federal rules, States are working to close legacy coal ash impoundments and protect water. Under the new final-ized agreement that modified that rule last night, that is now in jeopardy. Be-cause of that action, we are going to have to address coal ash in a different way, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Chairman, because of that ac-tion, I will be forced to withdraw this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. Chair, I withdraw my amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. AMENDMENT NO . 58 OFFERED BY MR . YOUNG OF  
ALASKA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 68 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-man, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: 
LIMITATION  S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to require changes to an existing placer mining plan of oper-ations with regard to reclamation activities, including revegetation, or to modify the bond requirements for the mining operation. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alaska. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. (Mr. YOUNG of Alaska asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Oct 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\JULY\H18JY8.REC H18JY8abonner on DSKBCJ7HB2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6516 July 18, 2018 
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-man, Alaska has a long history of plac-er mining operations, beginning in the early 1800s and continuing through today. In fact, Alaska is one of the few places left, including California, that has placer mining operations. Most placer mining operations are small, but it as a robust industry in Alaska, providing hundreds of jobs and contributing to the growth of rural Alaskan communities. The Bureau of Land Management’s Fortymile plan, finalized in the last days of the previous administration, upended decades of successful placer mining land management in the Fortymile Planning Area. The Fortymile plan imposed an over-ly complex regulatory framework on small-scale placer mining operations as part of an ongoing effort to discourage mining activity in the area. The Fortymile miners previously agreed to environmental remediation standards, and under the new plan pro-posed by the BLM, they are expected to reclaim land that they have not mined and mitigate in ways they did not agree to in their approved operation plans. They are expected to remediate land that was impacted by placer mining over 100 years ago, which adds to their financial burden and makes it eco-nomically impractical for miners to continue their operations. This language has been included in the appropriations report language by unanimous consent for the last 2 years. This is a necessary piece of legislation and amendment to this bill to make sure the BLM recognizes that miners do have obligations, they have met their obligations, and the agencies have gone against them. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Alaska has been en-lightening me more about placer min-ing, and I appreciate learning more; but I have some questions that remain unanswered, so that is why I have op-position to the gentleman’s amend-ment. b1815 I understand that between 400 and 600 miles of BLM-managed streams have historic or active placer mining im-pacts, and there is a legacy of historic claim with reduction of ecosystem function. Now, BLM continues various out-reach activities, including public meet-ings and interactions with individual miners, and is working with industry to incorporate best management prac-tices and new reclamation techniques to accelerate stream recovery. I think that would be a good thing. Of course, reclamation activities may be necessary, and what they are looking to do is to increase the cost to the miners, which the gentleman is ob-jecting to, if I understand correctly, in order to get these streams and eco-systems back up to function. This amendment would prohibit as-sessing the cost of the reclamation areas to placer miners who are prof-iting from mineral extraction on BLM- managed land. I personally believe the American taxpayer should not shoulder the bur-den of the restoration costs, that re-sponsible parties should. So the gentleman will probably be enlightening me over the next couple of months on what he thinks might be able to be worked out so that both par-ties feel that the burden is not over- burdensome, but there is adequate rec-lamation going forward. Mr. Chair, at this time I have to op-pose the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ). Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I appre-ciate the Dean of the House’s amend-ment and his dedication to the sound management of natural resources on behalf of constituents in his State. Obviously, mining, and certainly placer mining, is unique to Alaska. Alaska certainly has a unique history when it comes to mineral extraction, probably more than any other State in the Union. It is certainly a big part of Alaska’s economy and the economy of the United States. It is a mutually ben-eficial enterprise. This amendment is similar to the ones adopted by voice vote in FY17 and FY18, so I certainly urge my colleagues to adopt it by a voice vote yet again. Mr. Chair, I support the amendment. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair, I appreciate the comments from the chairman, and especially the com-ments from the gentlewoman who un-derstands and has opposition. I would like to remind everybody, again, the reclamation was taking place, the mitigation was taking place. They changed the rules after they agreed on it. This is not a newly mined area. This has been mined before. In fact, I just came from there on the Fourth of July. Chicken, Alaska. This is where this mine is. Lots of mom-and-pop oper-ations, retired people. Chicken, Alaska. You know why they call it ‘‘Chicken’’? They couldn’t spell ‘‘ptarmigan.’’ That is why they call that small community that. They are trying very hard, but very frankly, the BLM came in with this plan. It is not working. In fact, they are spending very large amounts of money trying to implement their rec-lamation concept when it doesn’t work. And I will challenge anybody to show that these miners are not doing their best, but their proposal is trying to put them out of business. I just think that is wrong. If I thought they were doing some harm, I would definitely not be for them. I have been there. I have seen it. I have watched what they are trying to do. An agency, I think, has forgotten their role, and they don’t support min-ing. BLM is supposed to. And they have made it very nearly impossible for, very frankly, a mom-and-pop operation to do so. So I hope the gentlewoman can see her way to allowing this amendment to this bill. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Alaska (Mr. YOUNG ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 59 OFFERED BY MR . PERRY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 59 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to give formal noti-fication under, or prepare, propose, imple-ment, administer, or enforce any rule or rec-ommendation pursuant to, section 115 of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7415). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. P
ERRY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chairman, I want to start by thanking Chairman C
ALVERT  for this opportunity. Mr. Chair, this amendment prohibits the EPA from using funds for actions pursuant to section 115 of the Clean Air Act. Section 115 of the Clean Air Act allows the agency to mandate State emissions levels to whatever level the agency deems appropriate if, in col-laboration with a foreign government, they determine endangerment and if the other government has a reciprocal agreement to prevent or control these emissions in their own nation. Now, this is a backdoor provision that allows the agency to vastly ex-pand its regulatory authority and en-croach on the constitutional rights of the States to regulate their own energy sectors, based on the actions of a for-eign nation and the whims of the exec-utive branch. It is irresponsible to allow unelected bureaucrats at the EPA to retain the ability to seize such an expansive au-thority. If the U.S. government wants to pursue such a policy, one that, in my opinion, is constitutionally sus-pect, it should be done through an ex-plicit congressional delegation of au-thority on a case-by-case basis. A similar amendment has passed the House during the interior and environ-mental appropriations packages for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.120 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6517 July 18, 2018 
previous 2 fiscal years, Mr. Chairman. I urge my colleagues to take back our Article I authority and support this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, it has been pointed out that this amendment would block the EPA from regulating air pollution under section 115 of the Clean Air Act, which deals with inter-national pollution and allows the United States to work with other coun-tries on transboundary pollution issues. Being a State that borders Canada, we enter into agreements with them many times to make sure that both of our countries are working together in the best interest of their citizens. This gentleman has offered this amendment for a number of years. It used to be the amendment to torpedo the climate change agreement, but President Trump took care of that, so I am a little unclear as to why it is continuing to be offered. Section 115 could be a tool in our toolbox for a path to achieve reduction targets for greenhouse gases. The gen-tleman’s amendment would prohibit both the EPA and the Trump White House from even developing a well-con-sidered recommendation as to whether or not to use this authority. The President might, in some cir-cumstances, want to work with an-other country to address something. This to me is just the latest in a long line of attacks on clean air and on the EPA’s authority to respond to the ur-gent threat of climate change. A vote for this amendment is another vote, in my opinion, for climate denial and to block action to curb carbon pol-lution that is driving our dangerous climate change. We see the hurricanes getting strong-er, the wildfires raging stronger, and now we are seeing the glaciers melt. Mr. Chair, so I would urge my col-leagues to oppose this amendment and to leave this tool in the toolbox for the Republican administrator at EPA, as well as for the Republican person who is serving in the White House. Let’s leave them one tool in the toolbox in case they want to take it out and use it. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chairman, are we or are we not a sovereign Nation? I think that most people would agree that we are, and, as such, we don’t take issue with the Congress, with the adminis-tration doing its job to keep our air clean and to make treaties and provi-sions with other nations. But what we do take issue with is other nations working with, poten-tially, this administration, any admin-istration, that comes up with an agree-ment not ratified by the American peo-ple, not ratified by this body or the body on the other side of the Capitol to encroach upon the constitutional rights of States to regulate their own environmental emissions, as provided. So it is not a question of whether we think that the climate isn’t changing, man has something to do with it, or whether it should be regulated or how it should be regulated. It is a question of the authority vested in the Constitu-tion, in these bodies, and the ones that are not. It is not the place of unelected bu-reaucrats or individuals to make an agreement with some other nation, then to impose itself on the States in-dividually. That is all we are saying here. It has passed on numerous occa-sions because it is good. The President got us out of the Paris climate agreement, but that doesn’t mean that some other administration in the future might make another agreement that, yet again, the Amer-ican people had no part in; neither did this body. So this just ensures that if that is the case, we have the protection that this body should provide. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. P
ERRY ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 60 OFFERED BY MR . PEARCE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 60 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS  S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to treat the New Mexico meadow jumping mouse as an endan-gered species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. P
EARCE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Mexico. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chairman, in the West, water is the key to everything. One small family, the Gosses—I met them my first year in Congress in 2003—has been fighting a 30-year, pro-tracted battle with the Forest Service over the water and access to the water. They have been to two different courts, and the courts said, yes, the water is theirs. The Forest Service re-sponded to the first court by fencing the water in. They said the 23 acres around it was their acreage and they couldn’t walk their cows to get to the water. The Gosses went back to court, and found that the court said, okay, they don’t have a right to walk the cows on your 23 acres, but they do have a right to move the water to the cows through a pipe or a ditch. The Forest Service responded by electrifying the fence. That is the kind of fight that we are in right now. A couple years ago, I stood out over that water for about 21⁄2 or 3 hours with the Forest Service, the Gosses, and we all negotiated that the fences could be brought in, that accom-modations could be met, that we could find habitat other places. And it was all agreed we would get to the water. Then, subsequently, the Fish and Wildlife Service said, well, there is a jumping mouse. They admitted them-selves that the science was not very good, that they had never seen one of the jumping mice there, but they thought it might be there. They admit-ted that the science was very terrible. Despite the lack of any scientific evi-dence, despite everything, now that area has been shut back off. There are many areas where the jumping mouse could have a critical habitat, but the agency just refuses to do it. So my amendment is quite simple. It simply says that the New Mexico meadow jumping mouse cannot be list-ed as endangered or threatened until they do some better science. It is a very straightforward amendment where we are trying to find the balance between the Endangered Species Act and the need for jobs, the need for an economy in the West. And that re-volves around open spaces, ranchland, water. It all comes together in this one single issue. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, this amendment clearly would prohibit Fish and Wildlife Service from imple-menting or enforcing the endangered species listing of the New Mexico jump-ing mouse under the Endangered Spe-cies Act. It would restrict the Service from offering critical protections to preserve the species. This amendment is harmful. Once a species is listed under the Endangered Species Act, the role of Fish and Wild-life is primarily permissive, helping parties comply with the act as they carry out their activities. Now, the majority of the habitat of the New Mexico jumping mouse is on Federal land, and Fish and Wildlife is working with the Forest Service to de-velop conservation measures that will protect the mouse while allowing live-stock grazing on Forest Service lands and assuring adequate water for these cattle. Since the endangered species listing, members of the livestock community 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.123 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6518 July 18, 2018 
have voiced concern about their im-pacts to people who recreate and make their livelihood on Forest Service lands, which result from addressing the needs of the mouse. The Fish and Wildlife Service has es-tablished three working groups to ad-dress these concerns, and they have come up with some creative solutions, like establishing cattle lanes to assure cattle can have access to water while protecting the vegetation necessary for the survival of the mouse. We have been in contact, and we find that there is a lot of excitement and there is a lot of cooperation going on. So I would like to work with the Serv-ice to make sure that we give this a full chance of working. b1830 Under this amendment, the Service would not be able to continue to re-cover this species, though all the En-dangered Species Act prohibitions would still apply. So the Service wouldn’t be able to continue to recover the species under this amendment, but all the other activities of the Endan-gered Species Act would still apply. So the Service wouldn’t be able to work collaboratively any longer with stake-holders to provide ESA compliance. The Service has a statutory require-ment to implement the Endangered Species Act. Defunding the Agency’s ability to fulfill these legal require-ments just makes the Agency and the Federal Government more vulnerable to lawsuits, which is an unnecessary cost for American taxpayers. Additionally, this amendment would limit the Service from undertaking a required status review of the sub-species or from initiating any rule-making to downlist or even delist this species, when it became appropriate. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chairman, with re-spect to the gentlewoman, if the science underlying the decision was sound, and even the Agency itself has admitted that the science was seri-ously flawed—if the stakes were not so high—the entire listing of species would demand sound science. So this is a serious problem throughout the West and throughout the United States. If it weren’t a matter of being able to provide jobs and have economies in these big rural areas of New Mexico, and there are no other tax bases in those areas, so as we crowd out the ranchers, then counties simply don’t have the revenues to survive them-selves. If the stakes weren’t these, then I would listen more closely to the gen-tlewoman’s arguments. But as it is, I just don’t think that we can sustain a decision like this. If the Fish and Wild-life Service had showed up at that meeting where we found other critical habitat within a couple of miles, it is just that critical habitat didn’t block access to this source of water, the only source of water in that section of the ranch, and these are ranches that are on mountain ranges. So you have the inability for cows to cross the mountain ranges over to the next range. Also, it is miles in between some of the loading stations and the water stations. So these are things that compel me to say that we have to find something different here. We want the Agency to reconsider it, to look for better science, to look for better critical habi-tat. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, the gentleman wasn’t here earlier, because he was attending to other work and now has come down to do his amend-ment, but I have been making the case that this type of authorizing language, these types of debates and discussions, should be taking place in the author-izing committee where we can bring in the Service, bring in the ranchers, find out what we need to do better to create win-wins. When we just come and put things on the appropriations bill, it doesn’t allow for that full vetting. It doesn’t allow us that opportunity to work with the chairman of the Appropriations Com-mittee after the authorizing com-mittee is coming through and figuring out where we need to adjust the budg-et, or what we need to do, or how we need to do oversight to make sure that the Fish and Wildlife Service is doing things that the gentleman is talking about. So, an interesting thing, we got some information from the Service, and the Service has been working with the re-search community to expand the sur-vey of the jumping mouse outside its currently known occupied areas. The goal of this expansion effort is to docu-ment additional populations. If they document additional populations, we could possibly move toward downlisting or delisting the species, as appropriate. But your amendment, un-fortunately, would block that. I would like to see this type of amendment be brought up under the majority—the majority is the same in the Senate, and the majority is in con-trol of the White House—and have an opportunity to do the right kind of oversight to make sure that, when we are doing legislation with the best of intentions—if this survey were to come back and say that we could downlist or delist the species, this amendment would prohibit us from doing it. So, at this time, I will oppose the gentleman’s amendment. But I thank him for bringing this attention to the floor, and I will look more into it. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chairman, again, I respect the gentlewoman’s opinions and observations. I would point out that these are 1907 water rights, which, in New Mexico, water rights are given, and the earlier, the better. So they can’t get access be-cause of the listing of a species. The science is very flawed. The Agency had the opportunity to go out to the forest with us. And that day, they simply turned down the op-portunity to meet with us. We had the State forester, the head of the U.S. Forest Service of New Mexico there. We had the regional forester. Everyone was there except the people who really needed to be there. They refused our invitation. I have been working on this single issue for 14 years myself, so it is not like we haven’t been discussing the issue at length. Again, with that, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New Mexico (Mr. P
EARCE ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Mexico will be postponed. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair under-stands that amendment No. 61 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 62 OFFERED BY MR . PEARCE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 62 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS  S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act shall be used to draft, propose, fi-nalize, implement, enforce, or carry out any rulemaking on the lesser prairie-chicken (Tympanuchus pallidicinctus) under section 4 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1533). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. P
EARCE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Mexico. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chairman, this issue is very similar to the last one. As we approached the year 2013–2014, discussions were going on with Fish and Wildlife Service about the poten-tial listing either as endangered or threatened of the lesser prairie chick-en. We began to ask for volunteers. We asked for farmers and ranchers, for oil and gas companies, to work together to really come up with a collaborative plan in order to avoid the listing for the lesser prairie chicken as either threatened or endangered, and the in-dustries responded very well. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.125 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6519 July 18, 2018 
To date, partners in that effort have contributed more than $64 million in enrollment and mitigation fees. They have agreed to conserve more than 150,000 acres of habitat. It was at that point that the Fish and Wildlife Service said, okay, this is the best effort we have had in this collabo-ration nationwide. They were all ec-static. Then they turned around about a month later and simply listed the lesser prairie chicken. Again, the science was somewhat lacking in that. So, in 2015, a Federal district court looked at the issue, and they vacated the finding and said that the Fish and Wildlife Service took no account of the ongoing conservation. Keep in mind that the conservation efforts actually have been working. Just this year, the number of birds is up from 30,000 to 39,000, so almost a 25 percent increase in the population. That is exactly what these collabo-rative efforts were intended to do. The court found that the Fish and Wildlife Service didn’t conduct a prop-er analysis and that the analysis they did was neither rigorous nor valid. So we are simply asking, in this amendment, that the lesser prairie chicken not be listed, that it be delisted. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, in 2016, the Service officially removed the lesser prairie chicken from the Federal list of endangered and threatened wild-life in accordance with the September 2015 court order vacating the Service’s 2014 delisting determination, as the gentleman pointed out. Now, the administration action was taken in light of the decision not to ap-peal the court’s ruling. So they decided they weren’t going to appeal, but they were going to try to move forward. So the Service is currently con-ducting a species status assessment to characterize the current and future conditions of the lesser prairie chick-en. The assessment takes into account both the threats and conservation ef-forts. When I was in Nevada—I wasn’t in your State, sir, but I was in Nevada with one of our other colleagues—I saw amazing work that was being done in collaboration, in fact, with an energy company, amazing work being done. The gentleman from Nevada was un-able to produce one prairie chicken for me to see that morning when we were out, but I believe that they are there and that the conservation is working, in spite of the fact that I didn’t get to see one lesser prairie chicken. But going back, the draft report was shared with peer and partner reviews, and the Service is working with them to get feedback. If the Service deter-mines the listing of the lesser prairie chicken as threatened or endangered is warranted, it is unlikely that any rule-making could be completed before 2018. So that would take 2 years, in which Congress could take action. I would like the Service to be able to continue working closely with its part-ners, including State fish and wildlife agencies, the Western Association of Fish and Wildlife Agency, the U.S. De-partment of Agriculture, industry, pri-vate landowners, and other partners, in the interest of conserving the lesser prairie chicken. So what the amendment does, and why I am objecting to it, it halts, it stops, that transparent process that is working properly, that I saw in the field working properly and providing ample opportunity for public comment in how we could move forward. So this amendment would make the decision. It would make the decision final about the conservation of the spe-cies on the basis of what is not, in my opinion, good science. So, at this time, I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment, and I hope all partners continue to work together. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. ESTES). Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to support amendment No. 62 to H.R. 6147. This amendment mod-ernizes the Endangered Species Act and recognizes voluntary conservation ef-forts to protect the lesser prairie chicken. In 2015, the species native to western Kansas was inaccurately listed as threatened under the Endangered Spe-cies Act due to a multiyear drought. Since then, Kansas farmers and ranch-ers have devoted millions of dollars to-ward successful conservation through a range-wide plan. This along with in-creased rainfall has led to an increase in the lesser prairie chicken popu-lation. However, recently, the push to list the species as endangered was re-started, disregarding these voluntary efforts. I am glad this amendment rec-ognizes the private conservation efforts toward the lesser prairie chicken. I co-sponsored a similar measure in the farm bill, and I appreciate Representa-tives P
EARCE and M ARSHALL for offer-ing this amendment. I ask my col-leagues to support it. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. C
ALVERT ), the chairman of the subcommittee. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the gentleman’s amend-ment. In 2015, a Federal court ordered the Fish and Wildlife Service to remove the lesser prairie chicken from the list of threatened and endangered species. Environmental activists immediately petitioned the Agency to list the spe-cies again, and the Agency, having been stung by the court, concluded that the petition had merit. Now the Agency is on the verge of listing the species yet again, and it will end up in court again, where it will be delisted again. Rinse and repeat. Folks, how many times must we re-peat this cycle before people start working together? How much money must be wasted fighting each other be-fore we realize that our money is bet-ter spent actually helping the species? This amendment calls a timeout on the madness, at least for one species. That is why I am urging an ‘‘aye’’ vote. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chairman, again, I would point out that the collaboration was unprecedented across the Nation. What is going to happen, if this col-laboration fails, is that others are going to say, okay, that collaboration process simply doesn’t work. Though, again, the courts, we are simply agreeing with the court findings in the matter that the Fish and Wild-life Service failed to ask very impor-tant questions and needs to reaccom-plish the evaluation. All in all, the States and local areas can and will pitch in to help the species survive. But the heavy-handed ap-proach coming from the Fish and Wild-life Service simply, again, is going to kill jobs and kill the potential of col-laborative efforts. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New Mexico (Mr. PEARCE ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Mexico will be postponed. b1845 
AMENDMENT NO . 63 OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 63 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out Procla-mation 7320 entitled ‘‘Establishment of the Ironwood Forest National Monument’’ issued by the President of the United States on June 9, 2000. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.128 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6520 July 18, 2018 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer an amendment that supports rec-reational shooting, K–12 education, and responsible energy development by pro-hibiting funds for the Ironwood Forest National Monument that was unilater-ally designated under the Antiquities Act. By looking at the map here, it is very clear that this monument was a polit-ical land grab meant to prevent respon-sible energy and mineral production, as well as multiple use on Federal lands. You couldn’t construct something even worse than that. As you can see, the monument boundary starts in the right corner here in the yellow and includes a large mineral deposit that includes molyb-denum, manganese, gold, and periph-eral lead-zinc-silver. The boundary then works its way up and also encircles the purple, which is a significant copper deposit. Continuing to move up to the green, the monument encompasses significant amounts of lead, zinc, and silver veins. Moving further up the map to the next yellow, the monument encircles the entire Silver Bell Mine and oper-ations, as well as other claims, and also encompasses massive mineral de-posits that contain molybdenum, man-ganese, gold, and peripheral lead-zinc- silver. Moving to the blue and to the top left of the monument, the boundary almost entirely encircles two large veins that contain barium, lead, and silver. Essentially, all the colored areas on the map are off limits to new energy and mineral exploration and develop-ment as a result of the monument land grab. Proponents claim the 188,619-acre monument is necessary to protect a stand of ironwood trees covering 640 acres. Let me repeat that. Proponents claim the 188,619-acre monument is necessary to protect a stand of ironwood trees covering 640 acres. Wow. If this unilateral monument designation was not political, it would have had a significantly different boundary and been much smaller. There is nothing glamorous about this monument, and it was an uncon-stitutional taking by then-Secretary Babbitt and the Clinton administra-tion, pointblank. The Arizona Mining Association, Ari-zona Rock Products Association, Ari-zona Mining Industry Gets Our Sup-port, and the Southern Arizona Busi-ness Coalition recently asked for this monument to be modified signifi-cantly, stating: ‘‘One-third of the area encompassed in the Ironwood Monu-ment is either State trust lands or pri-vately owned. These lands have effec-tively lost all economic potential as a result of the national monument des-ignation. . . . At the time of the des-ignation, the State government esti-mated that it would lose $100 million in mineral rights. This does not include financial losses to private companies or the lost employment potential for the mines.’’ Asarco and Liberty Star Uranium and Metals Corporation of Tucson have also asked for this monument to be sig-nificantly altered. Further, the Ironwood Forest Na-tional Monument has caused harm to the common schools beneficiary, K–12 education, by locking up these lands, preventing multiple use, and stopping important revenues from flowing to the educational coffers. The Ironwood Forest National Monu-ment enacted a complete ban on rec-reational shooting. No utility corridors are allowed in the monument. One- quarter of the monument can be closed to human entry for over one-third of the year due to the presence of sheep, and nearly 10,000 acres of this monu-ment are completely locked up at all times. Further, the monument con-stitutes an attack on ranchers by nega-tively impacting grazing. This monument designation was an unconstitutional taking. Asarco in-vested $72 million prior to the monu-ment designation in hopes of expanding the mine. They will likely invest sev-eral hundred million more, create new jobs, and grow the economy if the mine is no longer within the monument boundary. The Arizona Game and Fish Depart-ment has not been able to fully imple-ment vital management activities within the monument boundaries, in-cluding fencing to protect wildlife, predator control, law enforcement wildlife investigations, and responses to illegal wildlife activities. In November, 24 Members of Congress sent President Trump a letter recom-mending a recession of this monument amongst other monument rec-ommendations. That letter was en-dorsed by the American Farm Bureau Federation, Americans for Responsible Recreation Access, the National Cattlemen’s Beef Association, and the Public Lands Council. This amendment is endorsed by the American Exploration and Mining As-sociation, American Encore, AMIGOS, Asarco Mining, the Competitive Enter-prise Institute, Free Market America, the Arizona Farm Bureau, Arizona Lib-erty, the Arizona Pork Council, Con-cerned Citizens for America, Eagle Mo-torcycles, Rim Country Custom Rods, the Southern Arizona Business Coali-tion, and Yavapai County Supervisor Jack R. Smith, amongst others. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman and ranking member for their time and for their good work on this bill. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this amend-ment, and I reserve the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman from Arizona has expired. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Arizona is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment that seeks to eliminate the Ironwood Forest National Monument, which is in my district. The fact that it is in my dis-trict is secondary to the callous dis-regard to the public input, the wishes of the people of southern Arizona, the history of the area, and the biodiver-sity that this amendment attacks. This amendment effectively repeals the monument, returning the lands back to multiple-use status, and open-ing them up for unfettered mining and other harmful activities. The sponsor of the legislation says that it is necessary to restore access for recreational shooting and to gen-erate revenue for local schools, which I understand is a nod to the potential revenue garnered from future mining operations that he envisions will pop up once the monument is eliminated. He speaks for the mining industry, not Arizonans, and certainly not my con-stituents. A recent poll found that 73 percent of the people of Arizona oppose elimi-nating protections for national monu-ments. Arizonans don’t want mining in their monuments, but that doesn’t seem to matter to the sponsor of this amendment, who will seemingly do whatever it takes to roll back public lands protections. I also take issue with the sponsor of the amendment’s notion that this amendment is about protecting access for recreational shooting. When the monument was established, rec-reational shooting was allowed, as it is on a large percentage of public lands. Unfortunately, some bad actors forced local land managers to rethink access for the entire shooting community. People were shooting up endangered cacti, leaving bullet hole-ridden sofas and other trash throughout the desert. Those were used as targets. One of the great things about living in Tucson and southern Arizona is that we are surrounded by public lands. Our protected desert landscapes support wildlife and an abundant biodiversity to a wide range of recreational activi-ties. Unfortunately, this amendment views these rare landscapes as com-modities, only available for extraction of resources and nothing more. It is kind of a corporate radar approach and mentality to our shared public assets and lands: use them, abuse them, dis-card them, and see how much we can make out of them, in terms of money. The spirit of conservation and preser-vation is very important to the people of southern Arizona, and this is one of our special places. This amendment is an attack on the people, its history, and our traditions in southern Arizona. This amendment is an attack on the Antiquities Act, and this amendment is an attack on our public lands. This monument was created in the year 2000 by President Clinton after the Pima County Board of Supervisors, the elected officials for the county, peti-tioned for it; the Tohono O’odham Na-tion petitioned for it; the people of southern Arizona petitioned for it; and that monument was created. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.132 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6521 July 18, 2018 
The vice chairman of the Tohono O’odham Nation, Mr. Verlon Jose, said, today: ‘‘The Tohono O’odham have lived in this region since time imme-morial, and the Ironwood Forest Na-tional Monument has tremendous cul-tural and historical importance. More than 200 important archeological sites with remains from our ancestors are within the monument, including two areas listed on the National Register of Historic Places. We must oppose mis-guided efforts to withhold funding from Ironwood, as it would have a dev-astating effect on efforts to protect this national treasure.’’ Mr. Chairman, the issue here today is about trying to relive and undo a deci-sion that was made with public partici-pation, public input, the support of local elected officials, the support of affected Tribes, and do it for the spe-cific interests of a mining company that feels they have a right, even though it is a foreign-owned company, to come in on our public lands, with-draw minerals, pay no royalties, and exploit the area. The Ironwood Forest National Monu-ment is a landscape treasure. It is a rare treasure, and it needs to be main-tained. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ). Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, look at how this monument is connected and concocted. I think every which way. You couldn’t make a worse definition for a monument. What it basically does is it goes to the far side to catch these two min-erals over here. Down here in the mid-dle, it goes to the far edge. This is called gerrymandering for minerals. This is a political bias based upon takings from the people of Arizona. Remember, I responded by saying: Listen, one-third of this designation was private and State lands. These are part of the dedication to the citizens of Arizona. So when you look at this, this is the worst concocted. This is the vanity of, actually, atrocities of monuments gone haywire. Now, I am happy to work with the gentleman from southern Arizona to rightsize this monument. I would be happy to do that. But this concoction is a blatant exercise in overjurisdiction of the Federal Government and misutilizing the Antiquities Act. Mr. Chairman, I ask everybody to vote for my amendment. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona will be postponed. AMENDMENT NO . 64 OFFERED BY MR . POSEY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 64 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. POSEY. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used in contravention of Federal Acquisition Regulation 6.101(a) with respect to aviation helmets. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. P
OSEY ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. POSEY. Mr. Chairman, this is really pretty simple. A constituent came to me with a problem concerning procurement for aviation helmets. He has a manufac-turing company here in the United States, but he is not able to sell his helmets to the Department of the Inte-rior. His helmets are not inferior. They are used by many industries. They are used in many countries. But he is not on the approved list for Federal agen-cies. Currently, the approved list in-cludes only one manufacturer. My amendment will change this by providing additional options through competition. The amendment requires compliance with the Federal acquisi-tion regulation policy that ensures a full and open process in procuring avia-tion helmets. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this great amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. P
OSEY ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 65 OFFERED BY MR . DENHAM  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 65 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this act may be used by the Secretary to modify operations of the New Melones res-ervoir authorized in section 10 of the Flood Control Act of 1944 (58 Stat. 887, 901) for the purposes of executing any component of the State Water Resources Control Board of California’s Bay-Delta Water Quality Con-trol Plan. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from California (Mr. D
ENHAM ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chairman, this amendment prevents a huge water grab by the State of California from farmers and communities in California’s Cen-tral Valley. Under Sacramento’s new plan, resi-dents and farmers, alike, will suffer skyrocketing rates that will cripple our local economy, our farms, and our communities. Specifically, the State is mandating 40 percent of the water from Stanislaus, Tuolumne, and Merced Riv-ers to be flushed out into the ocean. b1900 Currently, we are losing about 25 per-cent of our current water being flushed out by these mandated flows. This will increase it to 40 percent. This water feeds the Central Valley Project and the farmers that rely on it. My commu-nity relies on this water for drinking, to operate our local businesses, and for green power. This powers our local communities. The amendment prevents the State from robbing water from the Valley and protects the New Melones reservoir from depletion. The New Melones is a Federal facility that provides water for the Central Valley, and generates hy-dropower for Californians. The Bay-Delta Plan will drain sig-nificantly more water from New Melones each year than it currently re-leases, leaving the reservoir com-pletely dry some years. The reservoir will be unable to meet its water obliga-tions to the federally-authorized Cen-tral Valley project, which is critical to moving water all across the Central Valley. Lower water levels will reduce the ability to generate power. My amendment prevents Federal dol-lars from contributing to this mis-guided plan, and the State from rob-bing our water. We need more water in the valley, not less. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. This amendment seeks to block collaborative water management in California. Such man-agement is aimed at benefiting all water users, cities, farmers, Tribes, the fishing industry, and recreation inter-ests. Specifically, this amendment blocks Federal compliance with the California Bay-Delta Plan, which is a plan being developed by the State of California to prevent the collapse of California’s iconic salmon fisheries, and to preserve all beneficial use of the State’s water. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.133 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6522 July 18, 2018 
After a decade of research and public outreach, the State government is close to finalizing the Bay-Delta Plan. It will increase water flows into the California Bay-Delta from the San Joa-quin River. The increased flows will improve salmon survival and prevent an unfolding ecological crisis in the Bay-Delta, which is key for the envi-ronment for the Bay and the Pacific Northwest fisheries, one of the most valuable and unique ecosystems in the world. While multiple factors have contrib-uted to recent salmon declines, a key factor has been unsustainably large water diversions from the California rivers. The Bay-Delta seeks to address this by reducing diversions and in-creasing river flow. Mr. Chair, this obviously is an amendment which the author is very passionate about. This also is some-thing that the State of California has engaged in. This amendment, in my opinion, once again, should be something that should be handled in an authorizing com-mittee so the State of California can come in, the gentleman and his pro-ponents of what the State is doing can have a discussion, and then the author-izers can work their will and let the ap-propriators know whether or not to move forward on this. To do this amendment here shuts out a full, transparent discussion about what should or should not take place in the State of California, where the Cali-fornia citizens all across the State have had input with their elected offi-cials on how to move forward. So this amendment seeks to under-mine what appears to be a successful implementation of the Bay-Delta Plan, which California has seen as a nec-essary step toward preventing precious fishery declines and the loss of thou-sands of jobs that rely on healthy fish and functioning ecosystems. Mr. Chairman, I oppose this amend-ment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ). The reservoir resides in his district. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from California for bringing this amendment to the floor. The gentlewoman from Minnesota misses an important fact, and that is that the current massive water diver-sions have done absolutely nothing to improve salmon populations. By taking those diversions to 40 per-cent unimpaired flow to the ocean, in practical terms, this means that New Melones and Don Pedro reservoirs in my district will be drained to their dead-pool levels each fall. It would destroy what’s left of agri-culture in California’s Central Valley, destroy the tourism these reservoirs attract in my region, and create cata-strophic water shortages in one of the most water-rich regions of the Nation. We don’t build these reservoirs to dump water into the ocean. We build them to store surplus water from wet years so that we have it in dry ones. This is insanity. It is the result of years of greens-gone-wild radicalism in California. This amendment assures that the Federal Government will not participate in such nonsense. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. L
AMALFA ). Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Chair, in rising to support my colleague, Mr. D
ENHAM , on this amendment, I note that the California State Water Board is con-templating their next water grab, and how disconnected from reality these regulators are. In the latest plan, they want to take 40 percent of the flows from San Joa-quin. Concurrently, they have a pend-ing proposal to also increase the vol-ume of flows from the Sacramento River, in my region, that washes out to the ocean, all under the guise, the fail-ing guise of protecting fish. They are contemplating 45 to 65 percent of unimpeded flow. We already know that when it comes to protecting people or fish, Sac-ramento always decides to choose the latter. This plan defies even basic com-mon sense or fairness. Instead, it relies on questionable science to impose arbitrary restric-tions, with no solutions to address the loss of habitat for native species, or even the predators in the delta, which we already know to be a major threat to the fish population. Up to 90 percent of the affected species are devoured by these predator fish. It offers no recourse for the dev-astating impact it will have on jobs and local economies. I would like to remind the regu-lators, California voters overwhelm-ingly supported the effort to direct $2.7 billion for water storage projects, rec-ognizing the need to invest in infra-structure such as Sites Reservoir. If that project already existed, the reservoir would be nearly full right now, providing enough water to serve 3.6 million Californians for an entire year, and relieve the stress on the Sac-ramento and Central Valley water sys-tems. Mr. Chair, we need some common sense. I urge my colleagues to support Mr. D
ENHAM ’s amendment. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, could I inquire as to how much time both sides have? The Acting CHAIR (Mr. C
OMER ). The gentlewoman from Minnesota has 2
1⁄2 minutes remaining. The gentleman from California has 1 minute remain-ing. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. M
CNERNEY ). Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Chair, I under-stand my colleague’s position on this. Water is a scarce commodity. You want to have access to water. You want to plant your trees. You want to feed your stocks and all that. But what you are not saying is what is going to happen if you continue to take more water from the delta. The delta is a finite water supply. The more you take water from the delta, the more saltwater from the ocean comes in and poisons our facilities, our docks, our fishing, it changes the whole envi-ronment. And we are going to cost jobs if you do that, so it is really a balance. Now, I think it is okay to work to-gether to find a proper amount of water to ship out and a proper amount of water to stay in the delta. When we have bigger rain events, the water pushes the saltwater back out toward the ocean. It clears out water a little bit. So, I mean, it is not like we are just trying to save water to hurt you guys. That is not what is going on here. We have our own interests to take care of. This is always a fight. What we need to do is sit down and compromise and find some way to get through this so that we don’t end up hurting one an-other, which is what happens. Again, I understand the position you are in. I understand the need for water. California is a dry State. We have years and years of drought. But con-tinuing to demand access to water when there is only a finite supply, every year you want more, that is not going to work. It is just not going to work. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chair, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. CALVERT ). Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, our State Water Board is out of control. Our State Water Board is involved in a political operation to remove farming out of the State of California. This amendment would attempt to put a stop to the reckless State plan and continue the current New Melones operations. This is something we need to act on and act on immediately. We are in crisis. I am a strong advocate for Mr. D
ENHAM ’s position and, certainly, for his constituents, and I am glad to sup-port this amendment. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, at this time I will make my remarks to close. This amendment is an attempt to get the Congress involved in undermining a State’s rights and its prerogatives. The Federal Government should be assisting California in ways to restore the State’s rivers and recover needed fisheries, instead of trying to interfere with obstruction from Washington. I often hear my colleagues say that Washington should get out of the way. In this case, I totally agree. I urge my colleagues to defeat this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chair, the gen-tleman talks about a compromise. I will not compromise and allow our peo-ple to go without water, people that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.138 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6523 July 18, 2018 
have no drinking water, only to have FEMA come in and bring bottled water. I will not shut down our farms. That is not a compromise. This is a Federal project that has our water for our community that now they want to double the amount that goes out to the ocean. It is a waste. It is harmful to our community. It will shut down our agriculture, and it will leave people without potable drinking water. This is insanity to try to say that you are saving the fish when there is no science. This will harm the fish. Without water, without green power, and without cold water, you will kill the very fish that you are trying to save. I believe that our farms deserve this, our communities deserve this, and our people must have it to survive. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. D
ENHAM ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 66 OFFERED BY MR . ABRAHAM  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 66 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS TO RESTRICT CER -
TAIN USE OF GENETICALLY MODIFIED CROPS IN  
NATIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGES  S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to enforce any pro-hibition or limitation of any kind in a coop-erative agreement referred to in section 29.2 of title 50, Code of Federal Regulations, on the planting of genetically modified crops in a national wildlife refuge. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. A
BRAHAM ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Chairman, the Fish and Wildlife Service regularly en-ters into cooperative agricultural agreement with farmers to plant and raise crops on farm fields on national wildlife refuge land. Those agreements require that the farmers leave a por-tion of that crop standing over the win-ter in order to provide cover and forage for wildlife. In the spring, those farm-ers plow up everything and start all over again. In 2014, the Fish and Wildlife Service began to prevent farmers who entered into these agreements from planting GMO seed. This action was not based on facts, it was not on rules, and this action is harmful to both wildlife and to the farmers who are providing that food and cover. GMO crops are proven safe. They use less water. They use less pesticides. They use less fertilizer, and they feed much of the world, both humans and animals. Wildlife groups like Ducks Unlimited support this amendment, and I ask for your support, too. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. b1915 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, this amendment clearly would prohibit Fish and Wildlife Service from enforcing limitations or prohibitions on the use of genetically modified seed in com-mercial agricultural operations con-ducted on national wildlife refuges. As the gentleman pointed out, in 2014, a decision to curtail the use of ge-netically modified seeds or crops, GMOs, for use on National Wildlife Ref-uge System lands by 2016 grew out of several years of litigation successfully brought against U.S. Fish and Wildlife. During the term of the litigation, the courts did not allow the use of GMOs. As a result of this restriction, the ref-uges found that they were able to meet their biological objectives and accom-plish their wildlife management pur-poses without the use of GMOs and that GMO use could be curtailed na-tionwide. This approach avoids costly litiga-tion for the taxpayers and the need for additional site-specific compatibility determinations and NEPA analysis of GMO crops. It is a saver of the tax-payers’ dollars. Fish and Wildlife Service has proven over several years that they can ac-complish their wildlife objectives with-out the use of GMOs. However, Fish and Wildlife policy on biological diver-sity, integrity, and environmental health does allow for the use of GMOs when it is essential to accomplish the refuge purposes and is approved by the Regional Refuge Chief. This amendment jeopardizes the cur-rent FWS policy that is based on years of experience. We should be supporting Fish and Wildlife Service and its ef-forts, not blocking the agency from doing its job. Mr. Chair, once again, this is the ap-propriations portion of Fish and Wild-life. This clearly is something that has gone through the court system, that has gone through authorization. It is a policy discussion and it should be done in the policy committee. It should be done where people can come in and tes-tify and have their debate in full trans-parency. It should be done then and brought to the floor. Mr. Chair, the majority controls the House, the Senate, and the White House. I would encourage the author of the amendment to not use the appro-priation bills to put more riders on. The gentleman may or may not be aware, Mr. Chair, that the Senate has no riders on its bill at all. And I believe that this could really put the chairman and myself, as the ranking member, possibly at a disadvantage when we go to reallocate those precious dollars, with all the requests that we have had on the floor over the past 2 days, when we go into doing what our job is, the appropriations. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ). Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I sup-port the amendment. The National Academy of Sciences was established by Congress in 1863 in the midst of the Civil War to provide independent, objective advice to the Nation on matters related to science and technology. The Academy, in 2016, released a comprehensive literature review on the science of genetically engineered crops, or GMOs as they are commonly re-ferred to. The Academy found zero sci-entific evidence that GMOs are any more or any less safe for human con-sumption and the environment than or-ganisms modified by more traditional genetic methods, like selective breed-ing. This amendment blocks an outdated policy made during the last adminis-tration which pandered to extreme en-vironmental groups by feeding into the unfounded fears of GMOs. This amend-ment is an opportunity to rise above fear-mongering and make sound policy based on science and rationality. Mr. Chair, let’s do the right thing and vote ‘‘aye.’’ Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Chairman, I just ask that my colleagues support this commonsense amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Louisiana (Mr. A
BRAHAM ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 67 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 67 printed in House Report 115–830. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to eliminate the Urban Wildlife Refuge Partnership. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, my amendment is prohibiting the use of appropriated funds to eliminate the Urban Wildlife Refuge Partnership, or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.139 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6524 July 18, 2018 
programs, that are for the reforest-ation of urban areas. In fact, I cele-brate and support the increase in fund-ing. This amendment is particularly helpful, I hope, to create the legislative history of the importance of the urban reforestation program. Mr. Chair, I thank the ranking mem-ber as well as the chairman of this committee for recognizing the impor-tance of urban reforestation. This amendment emphasizes the im-portance of the Urban Wildlife Refuge Partnership in urban forests and pre-serves our ability to return urban areas to healthy and safe living environ-ments for our children. I have offered similar amendments because I want an ongoing creation of legislative history to ensure that this program is kept. In the past 30 years alone, we have lost 30 percent of all of our urban trees, a loss of over 600 million trees. Eighty percent of the American population lives in dense quarters of the city. Re-forestation programs return a tool of nature to concrete areas that can help remove air pollution, filter out chemi-cals and agricultural waste in water, and save communities millions of dol-lars in stormwater management costs. I have certainly seen the devastation of droughts right in large cities. In par-ticular, Houston, a couple years ago, lost many, many trees in a severe drought that we experienced over the summer. It took many community in-vestors—when I say that, nonprofits— and Federal dollars to restore green life to Houston. We know that asthma is on the rise. In people below the Federal poverty threshold, we see asthma increasing. Asthma comes when children have to be subjected to polluted air. Some of the reasons individuals at lower income may have increased risk of asthma are increased exposure to in-door and outdoor pollutants, cigarette smoking, secondhand smoke exposure, and nearby industrial pollutants and highway traffic. The good news is that trees provide the source of oxygen that is so nec-essary, and it comes about through a scientific process that I will discuss a little bit later. We have a headline here from Science Daily that says: ‘‘Cities and Commu-nities in the U.S. Losing 36 Million Trees a Year.’’ And then another headline: ‘‘Re-searchers Suggest Reforestation Around Urban Areas to Reduce Ozone Levels,’’ which enhances, creates, makes worse the asthma that many of our children suffer from. Mr. Chair, I ask my colleagues to support my amendment. Thank you for this opportunity to speak in support of my amendment to Division A of H.R. 6147, the Interior and Environment Ap-propriations Act for Fiscal Year 2019 and to commend Chairman C
ALVERT and Ranking Member M
CCOLLUM for their leadership in shepherding this bill through the legislative process. Among other agencies, this legislation funds the U.S. Forest Service, the National Park System, and the Smithsonian Institution, which operates our national museums including the National Zoo. Mr. Chair, my amendment is simple but it sends a very important message from the Congress of the United States. The Jackson Lee Amendment emphasizes the importance of Urban Wildlife Refuge Part-nerships and urban forests, and preserves our ability to return urban areas to healthy and safe living environments for our children. Similar amendments were offered and ac-cepted in the Interior and Environment Appro-priations Acts for Fiscal Year 2018 (H.R. 3354), Fiscal Year 2017 (H.R. 5538), Fiscal Year 2016 (H.R. 2822), Fiscal Year 2008 (H.R. 2643), and Fiscal Year 2007 (H.R. 5386), and were adopted by voice vote. Mr. Chair, surveys indicate that some urban forests are in serious danger. In the past 30 years alone, we have lost 30 percent of all our urban trees—a loss of over 600 million trees. Eighty percent of the American population lives in the dense quarters of a city. Reforestation programs return a tool of na-ture to a concrete area that can help to re-move air pollution, filter out chemicals and ag-ricultural waste in water, and save commu-nities millions of dollars in storm water man-agement costs. I have certainly seen neighborhoods in Houston benefit from urban reforestation. In addition, havens of green in the middle of a city can have beneficial effects on a commu-nity’s health, both physical and psychological, as well as increase property value of sur-rounding real estate. Reforestation of cities is an innovative way of combating urban sprawl and deterioration. Mr. Chair, a real commitment to enhancing our environment involves both the protection of existing natural resources and active sup-port for restoration and improvement projects. Several years ago, American Forests, a leading conservation group, estimated that the tree cover lost in the greater Washington met-ropolitan area from 1973 to 1997 resulted in an additional 540 million cubic feet of storm water runoff annually, which would have taken more than $1 billion in storm water control fa-cilities to manage. Trees breathe in carbon dioxide, and produce oxygen. People breathe in oxygen and exhale car-bon dioxide. A typical person consumes about 38 pounds of oxygen per year. A healthy tree, say a 32 ft tall ash tree, can produce about 260 lb of oxygen annually—two trees supply the oxygen needs of a person for a year. Trees help reduce pollution by capturing particulates like dust and pollen with their leaves. A mature tree absorbs from 120 to 240 pounds of the small particles and gases of air pollution. Trees help combat the effects of ‘‘green-house’’ gases, the increased carbon dioxide produced from burning fossil fuels that is causing our atmosphere to ‘‘heat up.’’ Trees help cool down the overall city envi-ronment by shading asphalt, concrete and metal surfaces. Buildings and paving in city centers create a heat-island effect. A mature tree canopy reduces air tempera-tures by about 5–10 degrees Fahrenheit. A 25 foot tree reduces annual heating and cooling costs of a typical residence by 8 to 12 percent, producing an average annual savings of $120 per American household. Proper tree plantings around buildings can slow winter winds, and reduce annual energy use for home heating by 4–22 percent. Mr. Chair, trees play a vital role in making our cities more sustainable and more livable. The Jackson Lee Amendment simply pro-vides for continued support to programs like Urban Wildlife Refuge Partnerships that refor-est our urban areas. For all these reasons, Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of the Jackson Lee Amendment and thank Chairman CALVERT and Ranking Mem-ber M
CCOLLUM for their courtesies, consider-ation, and very fine work in putting together this legislation. 
[From Science Daily, Apr. 18, 2018] C
ITIES AND COMMUNITIES IN THE US L OSING 36 M
ILLION TREES A YEAR Source: USDA Forest Service—Northern Research Station Summary: Nationally, urban/community tree cover declined from 42.9 percent to 42.2 percent between 2009–2014. This translates to losing an estimated 36 million trees or ap-proximately 175,000 acres of tree cover annu-ally. Scientists with the USDA Forest Service estimate that between 2009 and 2014, tree cover in the Nation’s urban/community areas declined by 0.7 percent, which translates to losing an estimated 36 million trees or ap-proximately 175,000 acres of tree cover annu-ally. Pavement and other impervious cover increased at a rate of about 167,000 acres a year during the same period, according to re-search by USDA Forest Service scientists. Nationally, urban/community tree cover declined from 42.9 percent to 42.2 percent. Twenty-three states had a statistically sig-nificant decrease in tree cover, with a total of 45 states showing a net decline. Trees im-prove air and water quality, reduce summer energy costs by cooling homes, reduce noise, mitigate runoff and flooding, and enhance human health and well-being, making them important to human health and urban and community infrastructure. The annual bene-fits derived from U.S. urban forests due to air pollution removal, carbon sequestration, and lowered building energy use and con-sequent altered power plant emissions are es-timated at $18 billion. The study by Dave Nowak and Eric Green-field of the USDA Forest Service’s Northern Research Station, ‘‘Declining urban and community tree cover in the United States,’’ was published in the journal Urban Forestry and Urban Greening. A table showing tree cover and impervious cover change by state is available at: https:// www.nrs.fsis.fed.us/news/release/resources/ cities-communities-losing-tree-cover/ ‘‘Urban forests are a vital part of the na-tion’s landscape,’’ said Tony Ferguson, Di-rector of the Forest Service’s Northern Re-search Station and the Forest Products Lab-oratory. ‘‘Forest Service research puts knowledge and tools into the hands of urban forest managers that supports stewardship and the wise allocation of resources.’’ States or districts with the greatest an-nual net percent loss in urban/community tree cover were Rhode Island and the Dis-trict of Columbia (minus 0.44 percent), Geor-gia (minus 0.40 percent), and Alabama and Nebraska (minus 0.32 percent each). States with the greatest annual net loss in tree cover were Georgia (minus 18,830 acre/year), Florida (minus 18,060 acre/year) and Alabama (minus 12,890 acre/year). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.144 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6525 July 18, 2018 
Three states—Mississippi, Montana and New Mexico—had slight, nonsignificant in-creases in urban/community tree cover. Na-tionally, Maine has the highest percent tree cover in urban/community areas with 68 per-cent tree cover. At 10 percent tree cover, North Dakota ranked as having the lowest percent urban/community tree cover. ‘‘Urban forests are an important resource,’’ said Nowak. ‘‘Urban foresters, planners and decision-makers need to understand trends in urban forests so they can develop and maintain sufficient levels of tree cover—and the accompanying forest benefits—for cur-rent and future generations of citizens.’’ As of 2010, urban land occupied 3 percent, or 68 million acres, of the United States, while urban/community land occupied just over 6 percent of the United States, or 141 million acres. Overall, urban/community impervious cover had a statistically significant increase from 14.5 percent to 15.1 percent (an increase of o.6 percent), States with the greatest an-nual net percent increase in impervious cover were Delaware (0.28 percent), Iowa (0.26 percent), and Colorado, Kansas and Ohio (0.24 percent each). States with the greatest an-nual net increase in impervious cover were Texas (17,590 acre/year), Florida (13,900 acre/ year) and Ohio (8,670 acre/year). 
[From Phys.org, Sept. 9, 2014] R
ESEARCHERS SUGGEST REFORESTATION  A
ROUND URBAN AREAS TO REDUCE OZONE  L
EVELS  (By Bob Yirka) A team of research conservationists with members from several universities in the U.S. is suggesting in a paper they’ve had published in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, that urban areas could benefit by investing in cost effective refor-estation efforts around urban areas that cur-rently suffer from high ozone levels. Plant-ing trees, they suggest could help cities bring those levels down. The researchers note that despite aggres-sive efforts by many metropolitan areas to lower ozone levels in ground level air, levels remain high, causing the populations that live in them to live with an increased risk of health problems—prior research has indi-cated that as many as 152,000 premature deaths each year can be attributed to the damage ozone inflicts on lungs. Current ef-forts to combat ozone levels are aimed at the source, factory emissions, etc. Laws limiting emissions have not kept up with growth however, leading to increases in ozone levels. The researchers suggest a different ap-proach—remove the ozone by planting trees. They suggest that land be purchased on the outskirts of cities with high ozone levels to be converted to forest—trees they note, re-move both ozone, and one of its precursors. To bolster their point, the researchers looked at the Houston metro area in Texas, a part of the country with consistently high ozone levels. Land that is currently used for agriculture on the outskirts, they claim, could be purchased and replanted with trees, creating a 1.5–square-mile forest. They esti-mate that over a 30 year period, the refor-ested area could reduce ozone and precursors in ground-level air by 310 tons. They also note that if fast growing trees were planted, timber harvests could help make up initial outlays and loss of local revenue from agri-cultural products. The researchers also plotted potential tar-gets on a map of the U.S., highlighting areas where reforestation would likely do the most good—along the 1–95 corridor in the north-east, for example, and around Chicago, De-troit and many parts of California. The team concludes by noting that if something isn’t done, the problem of ozone pollution is only likely to get worse in the face of both con-tinued growth and as global warming exacer-bates the problem. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, although the base bill already continues to sup-port this program at the fiscal year 2018 level, I am happy to accept this amendment, as I have for the past 2 years. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman from California. As I indicated, I think that creating the additional legislative history of the importance of this particular program is what I hope will strengthen it. May I ask, Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have? The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman has 2 minutes remaining. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. M
CCOLLUM ), the ranking member, to discuss the urban reforestation program, and I thank her for her leadership. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman from Texas for this opportunity. I also thank the chairman of our subcommittee for accepting the amendment. Mr. Chair, many cities don’t have urban wildlife refuges nearby, and to address that challenge, the Service has 21 Urban Wildlife Refuge Partnerships spanning the country. These partner-ships have nourished an appreciation of wildlife conservation to new audiences, and I have seen them in action, empow-ering local community organizations to inspire conservation in local parks and other natural areas. I just want to list a few of these urban partnerships that can be found: New Haven; Chicago; Houston; Provi-dence; Seattle; Baltimore; Los Angeles; Albuquerque; Santa Barbara; Yonkers; New Orleans; Denver; Philadelphia; At-lanta; Springfield, Massachusetts; An-chorage; Cincinnati; the twin cities of St. Paul and Minneapolis, St. Paul being my hometown; Elizabeth, New Jersey; West Palm Beach, Florida; San Juan; and Alamo, Texas. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to learn more about this program. Once again, I thank the gentlewoman for the time, and I thank Chairman C
ALVERT for accepting this amend-ment. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chair, let me conclude my re-marks by saying I have certainly seen neighborhoods in Houston benefit from urban reforestation. In addition, ha-vens of green in the middle of a city can have beneficial effects on a com-munity’s health, both physical and psychological, as well as increased property values of surrounding real es-tate. But when you have had a drought, you know how important this program is. Reforestation of cities is an innova-tive way of combating urban sprawl and deterioration. Finally, let me say, photosynthesis, how many of us remember that in our classrooms? I love that process. That happens in plants, generally involves the green pigment chlorophyll, and generates oxygen as a byproduct, cleaning the air. That is what these programs do in urban America. Mr. Chair, I ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  L
EE). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 68 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 68 printed in House Report 115–830. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to limit outreach programs administered by the Smithsonian Institution. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I thank the ranking member and the chairman of this committee for consid-ering my amendment. My amendment is prohibiting the use of appropriated funds to limit museum outreach programs administered by the Smithsonian Institution. Again, for programs like this, this is to advocate and create the legislative history of the importance of these programs, and I am glad to have this amendment pre-sented to the Congress at this time. Mr. Chair, in order to fulfill the Smithsonian’s mission—the increase and diffusion of knowledge—the Smith-sonian seeks to serve an even greater audience, and this has come about over the years by bringing the Smithsonian to enclaves of communities who other-wise would be deprived of the vast amount of cultural history offered by the Smithsonian. The Smithsonian’s outreach program serves millions of Americans, thou-sands of communities, and hundreds of institutions in all 50 States through loans of objects, traveling exhibitions, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JY7.051 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6526 July 18, 2018 
and sharing of educational resources via publications, lectures, presen-tations, training programs, and websites. Let me say from personal experience, one of my predecessors, the Honorable Mickey Leland, that many people know died in an airplane going into an Ethio-pian mountain trying to bring food to starving people in Eritrea and Ethi-opia, had introduced the first bill for a museum dealing with slave history. He did not live to see that legislation go forward, but later, J
OHN LEWIS intro-duced the legislation to create the Smithsonian Museum of African Amer-ican History and Culture. We have it today, and it is a museum that has seen more people attend it, and the outreach is crucial: the board members, who are so proud to be a part of it, and the Congressional Black Cau-cus, that was the anchor of passing this legislation. Now we have an out-standing exhibit on Oprah Winfrey, and all are there to see this historic figure and many others. It is important that the Smithsonian Air and Space Museum and many oth-ers have the opportunity to reach out to Americans and let them know of these very special resources, these as-sets that are here. So this is a very important emphasis to have, and I would like to make sure that we continue to do it robustly so that more Americans can know their history. Mr. Chair, I ask my colleagues to support this amendment. Thank you for this opportunity to speak in support of my amendment to Division A of H.R. 6147, the ‘‘Interior and Environment Ap-propriations Act for Fiscal Year 2019.’’ Let me also thank Chairman C
ALVERT and Ranking Member M
CCOLLUM for their leader-ship in shepherding this bill to the floor. Among other agencies, this legislation funds the Smithsonian Institution, which operates our national museums, including the Air and Space Museum; the Museum of African Art; the Museum of the American Indian; and the National Portrait Gallery. The Smithsonian also operates another na-tional treasure: the National Zoo. Mr. Chair, my amendment is simple but it sends a very important message from the Congress of the United States. The Jackson Lee amendment simply pro-vides that: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to limit outreach programs administered by the Smithsonian Institution. 
This amendment is identical to amendments I offered to the Interior and Environment Ap-propriations Acts for FY2017 (H.R. 3354) and FY2016 (H.R. 2822) that were approved by voice vote. Mr. Chair, the Smithsonian’s outreach pro-grams bring Smithsonian scholars in art, his-tory and science out of ‘‘the nation’s attic’’ and into their own backyard. Each year, millions of Americans visit the Smithsonian in Washington, D.C. But in order to fulfill the Smithsonian’s mis-sion, ‘‘the increase and diffusion of knowl-edge,’’ the Smithsonian seeks to serve an even greater audience by bringing the Smith-sonian to enclaves of communities who other-wise would be deprived of the vast amount of cultural history offered by the Smithsonian. The Smithsonian’s outreach programs serve millions of Americans, thousands of commu-nities, and hundreds of institutions in all 50 states, through loans of objects, traveling exhi-bitions, and sharing of educational resources via publications, lectures and presentations, training programs, and websites. Smithsonian outreach programs work in close cooperation with Smithsonian museums and research centers, as well as with 144 affil-iate institutions and others across the nation. The Smithsonian’s outreach activities sup-port community-based cultural and educational organizations around the country. They ensure a vital, recurring, and high-im-pact Smithsonian presence in all 50 states through the provision of traveling exhibitions and a network of affiliations. Smithsonian outreach programs increase connections between the Institution and tar-geted audiences (African American, Asian American, Latino, Native American, and new American) and provide kindergarten through college-age museum education and outreach opportunities. These outreach programs enhance K–12 science education programs, facilitate the Smithsonian’s scholarly interactions with stu-dents and scholars at universities, museums, and other research institutions; and dissemi-nate results related to the research and collec-tions strengths of the Institution. The programs that provide the critical mass of Smithsonian outreach activity are: 1. the Smithsonian Institution Traveling Ex-hibition Service (SITES); 2. the Smithsonian Affiliations, the Smithso-nian Center for Education and Museum Stud-ies (SCEMS); 3. National Science Resources Center (NSRC); 4. the Smithsonian Institution Press (SIP); 5. the Office of Fellowships (OF); and 6. the Smithsonian Associates (TSA), which receives no federal funding. To achieve the goal of increasing public en-gagement, SITES directs some of its federal resources to develop Smithsonian Across America: A Celebration of National Pride. This ‘‘mobile museum,’’ which will feature Smithsonian artifacts from the most iconic (presidential portraits, historic American flags, Civil War records, astronaut uniforms, etc.) to the simplest items of everyday life (family quilts, prairie schoolhouse furnishings, historic lunch boxes, multilingual store front and street signs, etc.), has been a long-standing organi-zational priority of the Smithsonian. SITES ‘‘mobile museum’’ is the only trav-eling exhibit format able to guarantee audi-ence growth and expanded geographic dis-tribution during sustained periods of economic retrenchment, but also because it is imperative for the many exhibitors nationwide who are struggling financially yet eager to participate in Smithsonian outreach. For communities still struggling to fully re-cover from the economic downturn, the ability of museums to present temporary exhibitions, the ‘‘mobile museum’’ promises to answer an ever-growing demand for Smithsonian shows in the field. A single, conventional SITES exhibit can reach a maximum of 12 locations over a two- to three-year period. In contrast, a ‘‘mobile museum’’ exhibit can visit up to three venues per week in the course of only one year, at no cost to the host institution or community. The net result is an increase by 150 in the number of outreach locations to which SITES shows can travel annually. And in addition to its flexibility in making short-term stops in cities and towns from coast-to-coast, a ‘‘mobile museum’’ has the advantage of being able to frequent the very locations where people live, work, and take part in leisure time activities. By establishing an exhibit presence in set-tings like these, SITES will not only increase its annual visitor participation by 1 million, but also advance a key Smithsonian performance objective: to develop exhibit approaches that address diverse audiences, including popu-lation groups not always affiliated with main-stream cultural institutions. SITES also will be the public exhibitions’ face of the Smithsonian’s National Museum of African American History and Culture, as that new Museum comes online. Providing national access to projects that will introduce the American public to the Mu-seum’s mission, SITES in FY 2008 will tour such stirring exhibitions as NASA ART: 50 Years of Exploration; 381 Days: The Mont-gomery Bus Boycott Story; Beyond: Visions of Planetary Landscapes; The Way We Worked: Photographs from the National Archives; and More Than Words: Illustrated Letters from the Smithsonian’s Archives of American Art. To meet the growing demand among small-er community and ethnic museums for an ex-hibition celebrating the Latino experience, SITES provided a scaled-down version of the National Museum of American History’s 4,000- square-foot exhibition about legendary enter-tainer Celia Cruz. Two 1,500-square-foot exhibitions, one about Crow Indian history and the other on basket traditions, will give Smithsonian visitors beyond Washington a taste of the Institution’s critically acclaimed National Museum of the American Indian. Two more exhibits, ‘‘In Plane View’’ and ‘‘Earth from Space,’’ provided visitors an op-portunity to experience the Smithsonian’s re-cently opened, expansive National Air and Space Museum Udvar-Hazy Center. For almost 30 years, The Smithsonian As-sociates—the highly regarded educational arm of the Smithsonian Institution—has arranged Scholars in the Schools programs. Through this tremendously successful and well-received educational outreach program, the Smithsonian shares its staff—hundreds of experts in art, history and science—with the national community at a local level. The mission of Smithsonian Affiliations is to build a strong national network of museums and educational organizations in order to es-tablish active and engaging relationships with communities throughout the country. There are currently 138 affiliates located in the United States, Puerto Rico, and Panama. By working with museums of diverse subject areas and scholarly disciplines, both emerging and well-established, Smithsonian Affiliations is building partnerships through which audi-ences and visitors everywhere will be able to share in the great wealth of the Smithsonian while building capacity and expertise in local communities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.147 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6527 July 18, 2018 
The National Science Resources Center (NSRC) strives to increase the number of eth-nically diverse students participating in effec-tive science programs based on NSRC prod-ucts and services. The Center develops and implements a na-tional outreach strategy that will increase the number of school districts (currently more than 800) that are implementing NSRC K–8 pro-grams. The NSRC is striving to further enhance its program activity with a newly developed sci-entific outreach program introducing commu-nities and school districts to science through literacy initiatives. In addition, through the building of the multi-cultural Alliance Initiative, the Smithsonian’s outreach programs seek to develop new ap-proaches to enable the public to gain access to Smithsonian collections, research, edu-cation, and public programs that reflect the di-versity of the American people, including un-derserved audiences of ethnic populations and persons with disabilities. For all these reasons, Mr. Chair, I urge adoption of the Jackson Lee Amendment and thank Chairman C
ALVERT and Ranking Mem-ber M
CCOLLUM for their courtesies, consider-ation, and very fine work in putting together this excellent legislation. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. b1930 Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I rise to approve the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I have no objection to the gentlewoman’s amend-ment. It was accepted last year by voice vote, and I encourage adoption of the gentlewoman’s amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Texas has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. M
CCOLLUM ), the ranking member, and thank her again for her leadership. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I would like to thank the gentlewoman from Texas for the time, and I would like to commend the chairman of the sub-committee for accepting this amend-ment. The chairman and I know the impor-tance of museums and the wealth of knowledge that they share with the American public. And when we have the Smithsonian Day at our hearings, when the chairman puts the gavel down, everybody is in attendance to see what the Smithsonian is going to bring to the history lesson that it is going to share with the Members of our committee. We are inspired, just as these muse-ums inspire people of all ages, to better understand our world, and our place in it. I am very pleased that the Smithso-nian is going to be able to go forward with its public outreach programs, in-cluding exhibitions, programs, and on-line resources, which anybody can ac-cess. It ensures that as many Ameri-cans as possible can benefit from their vast collections. At the Science Museum of Min-nesota, we call it ‘‘Museum in a Box,’’ and I am glad the Smithsonian is going to continue with that. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, let me thank the gentlewoman for really letting us know what a joy the Smith-sonian is, even in front of the Appro-priations Committee. Mr. Chair, I want to emphasize that the Smithsonian outreach programs in-crease connections between the Insti-tution and targeted audiences: African Americans, Asian Americans, Latinos, Native Americans, and new Americans, and provide kindergarten through col-lege age music education and outreach opportunities. Mr. Chairman, I failed to say that when we were putting this together, once the African American museum was established, the museum personnel leadership, Dr. Lonnie Bunch, went on the road across America collecting ar-tifacts from African Americans and historic families to put in this mu-seum, real items of slave history and the history from through the years, through the centuries, and it made the museum a living example of the his-tory of our time here in the United States. That has been done by the Smithso-nian in many different groups. And so I would offer this article that says: ‘‘New National Data Reveals the Eco-nomic Impact of Museums Is More Than Double Previous Estimates.’’ The American Alliance of Museums re-leased two groundbreaking reports revealing indisputable evidence that museums con-tribute more to the United States economy than previously thought and have wide-spread support. 
Mr. Chair, I ask my colleagues to support this amendment. I would like to include in the R
ECORD  this American Alliance of Museums re-port dated February 13, 2018. 
[From the American Alliance of Museums, Feb. 13, 2018] N
EWNATIONAL DATAREVEALS THE ECONOMIC  I
MPACT OF MUSEUMS ISMORETHANDOUBLE  P
REVIOUS ESTIMATES  (By Laura Lott) A
RLINGTON , VA.—The American Alliance of Museums (AAM), the only organization rep-resenting the entire scope of the museum community, today released two groundbreaking reports revealing indis-putable evidence that museums contribute more to the United States economy than previously thought and have widespread pub-lic support that transcends political affili-ations and geographic locations. Armed with the two new reports and a wealth of data, on February 27 hundreds of museum professionals will visit with mem-bers of Congress and their staff to ask them to support funding for vital federal agencies and tax incentives for charitable donations. The Fiscal Year 2019 budget proposal an-nounced by President Trump yesterday calls for the elimination of multiple agencies that support the arts and humanities. ‘‘Never before in the 112-year history of the Alliance have we possessed such comprehen-sive and statistically robust studies to sup-port what we’ve always known,’’ said Alli-ance President and CEO Laura Lott. ‘‘Our legislators, policymakers, funders, and trust-ees can be confident in the fact that muse-ums are important economic engines that support jobs and bring revenue to their local communities. In addition, our studies show that the American public is overwhelmingly supportive of museums in general, and spe-cifically supports maintaining or increasing their federal funding.’’ TWO REPORTS REINFORCE THE VALUE OF  
MUSEUMS  The first study, Museums as Economic En-gines, reveals that museums support 726,000 jobs in the United States, and directly em-ploy 372,100 people, more than double that of the professional sports industry, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. The study, conducted by Oxford Economics with the support of the Andrew W. Mellon Founda-tion, shows that for every $100 of economic activity created by museums, an additional $220 is created in other sectors of the US economy as a result of supply chain and em-ployee expenditure impacts. These impacts mean that museums contribute approxi-mately $50 billion to the US economy each year, a number that’s more than twice pre-vious estimates. The report is also the first to show that US museums generate more than $12 billion per year in tax revenue to federal, state, and local governments. The museum field’s larg-est economic impact is on the leisure and hospitality industry (approximately $17 bil-lion), but it also generates approximately $12 billion in the financial activities sector and approximately $3 billion each in the edu-cation/health services and manufacturing sectors. Museums provide important economic im-pacts to every part of the nation. The top 10 states driving this impact are geographically diverse and account for 57 percent of the gross value added to the national economy. States with the highest economic impact from the museum sector included California ($6.6 billion), New York ($5.4 billion), and Texas ($3.9 billion). However, those that rely most heavily on museums due to their rel-atively higher concentration include the Dis-trict of Columbia, Hawaii, Wyoming, and Alaska. The second report, Museums & Public Opinion, examines the opinions of Americans concerning museums, their educational and economic value, as well as their thoughts about federal funding and support for muse-ums in their community. Conducted jointly by AAM and Wilkening Consulting, the study was fielded by the market research ex-perts at Ipsos and polled more than 2,000 Americans. The survey results overwhelm-ingly demonstrate the high degree to which Americans believe in and support their mu-seums, regardless of political affiliation, geo-graphic location, and whether they visit mu-seums or not: 97 percent believe that museums provide valuable educational experiences to their communities 89 percent recognize the important eco-nomic contributions and jobs that museums bring 96 percent would approve of elected offi-cials who act to support museums including acting to maintain or increase federal fund-ing. ‘‘The data speaks clearly: whether urban or rural, conservative or liberal, or a mu-seum-goer or not, Americans treasure the museums in their communities and want elected officials to support them,’’ Lott said. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JY7.056 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6528 July 18, 2018 
Findings from the two reports will be dis-cussed by leaders from the Alliance and its research partners February 26 at Museums Advocacy Day in Washington, DC and May 7 at the Alliance’s Annual Meeting & Museum Expo in Phoenix. 
CONGRESSIONAL HONOREES  During Museums Advocacy Day, the Alli-ance will present awards to legislators who have demonstrated exemplary support for the nation’s museums: Senator Lisa Murkowski (R–AK) used her position on the Senate Appropriations Com-mittee to advocate for funding for key fed-eral agencies. She is also an original cospon-sor of legislation that would reauthorize the Institute of Museum and Library Services. Representative Suzanne Bonamici (D–OR) is a co-founder of the Congressional STEAM Caucus, and a leader in seeking funding that will help school districts provide a well- rounded education. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  L
EE). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 69 OFFERED BY MR . JODY B . 
HICE OF GEORGIA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 69 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for the Environ-mental Justice Small Grants Program of the Environmental Protection Agency. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
ODYB. H ICE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, the Office of Environmental Justice, also known as the OEJ, was es-tablished within the Environmental Protection Agency, the EPA, in 1992, in order to assess environmental concerns with the potential of affecting dis-advantaged communities. To bring about this goal, the OEJ set in motion the Environmental Justice Small Grants Program in 1994. While this grants program initially sought to overcome environmental issues that could hurt underprivileged commu-nities, it has, unfortunately, devolved into a platform for political activism, in addition to offering services typi-cally powered by State and local gov-ernments. Furthermore, in recent years, the Environmental Justice Small Grants Program has been used for purposes en-tirely unrelated to the office’s stated mission. Examples would be: funding educational programs on urban gar-dening, creating healthy environments for nail salons, or the so-called nega-tive consequences of automobile de-pendency. While some of these projects may be commendable, the bulk are not within the scope of the constitutional respon-sibilities delegated to the Federal Gov-ernment. Our country currently shoulders $21 trillion in debt and we should not be subsidizing what would otherwise be State initiatives and local projects. It is for these reasons that I have intro-duced my amendment to discontinue funding for the OEJ Small Grants Pro-gram. This will allow the EPA to refocus millions of taxpayer funds to-ward the Agency’s core mission over the next decade, and I would ask my colleagues to support this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to this amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. K
USTOFF of Tennessee). The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I want my colleagues to listen closely to what this amendment does. It prohibits funds to support the EPA’s Environ-mental Justice Small Grants Program, which, since its inception in 1994, has awarded funding to local and Tribal or-ganizations working with communities facing environmental justice issues. These grants support and empower low-income communities to understand and address exposure to environmental harms and risks. If there is a problem, if there is a grant that hasn’t been done properly, then it is Congress’ responsibility to do oversight. So, in my opinion, there should be no Member of this body that supports cutting these critical funds. If there are problems, we should be re-questing oversight. This is a case of David versus Goli-ath. With this amendment, small com-munities would be left defenseless when confronted with corporations that come in and sometimes cause ill-ness due to their underlying pursuit of profit over human health. Examples of these programs sup-ported by these grants are: a program to promote Baltimore residents’ aware-ness of lead health risks and lead abatement services. It is important to provide education: Working with the residents in Puerto Rico to clean up coastal areas and re-duce solid waste and aquatic debris. I was just recently in Puerto Rico watching the EPA work and clean up the debris, the unimaginable debris of the hurricanes that went through last year. Working in Lawrence, Massachu-setts, in one of the poorest and most populated cities in New England to educate families about lead contamina-tion in soil, and, yes, sometimes that means knowing what is in the garden, what is in the yard, what is in the play-ground, as children touch soil contami-nated by lead and then touch their faces and their mouths. The negative effect of growing vegetables in lead- contaminated soil can be life changing for children. Mr. Chair, I strongly oppose this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I would, again, just reit-erate the fact that this grant program is not doing the job that it was de-signed to do. It is not even doing things that are related to the stated mission. It is a waste of taxpayer dollars, and for that, it is not something that we should continue funding. It has lost its purpose. It has lost its mission, and it just simply is not nec-essary to continue funding. When we talk about the issues happening in Puerto Rico or other parts of the world, we have FEMA and we have other avenues to deal with serious problems like what happened in Puerto Rico and other places in our country, and those means are working effec-tively. But to simply waste funds on a grant program that directly is involved in ac-tivities unrelated to their own mission statement, is not something that we should be involved in. As a result, this amendment has been endorsed by a number of organizations, such as: the Competitive Enterprise Institute, Her-itage Action, Citizens Against Govern-ment Waste, Club for Growth, FreedomWorks, Free Market America, and a host of organizations who are concerned about the direction our country is going financially and are supportive of stopping the waste here. So I ask my colleagues to support this amendment, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I would gently remind the gentleman from Georgia that Puerto Rico is a ter-ritory of the United States. It is not a foreign entity. I would like to yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ALVERT ), my dear friend and chair-man of the committee. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman, and I must rise in reluctant opposition. I wish I could have worked with the gentleman on this amendment, but this amendment reaches a little too far and is inconsistent even with the Trump administration’s position. This year the President requested $2 million for the Environmental Justice Small Grants Program which would provide financial assistance to low in-come, minority, and Tribal popu-lations, which we deal with quite often. This amendment would prohibit EPA’s ability to issue grants alto-gether, which means all of the Office of Environmental Justice funds would be allocated to the payroll and personnel and could result in the hiring of more EPA staff, and I am sure that is not your intention. And so there would be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JY7.057 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6529 July 18, 2018 
no savings according to the CBO. Zero. No savings at all in this amendment. I don’t believe that is your intent. Because the amendment would have unintended consequences, I must op-pose the amendment. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate these com-ments. What we are dealing with would simply do away with funding of the small grants part of this program where those funds are not being used according to the mission. Mr. Chair, I continue to ask for sup-port from my colleagues, keeping in mind the multiple organizations that are supportive of this amendment. I ask my colleagues to support this, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire how much time I have re-maining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota has 2 minutes remain-ing. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman very much and I am glad that she emphasized the work that the Environmental Justice grants have done in Puerto Rico, and the fact that they are citizens of the United States. But I have seen what the Environ-mental Justice grants have done be-cause they are small. As Mr. C
ALVERT  indicated, the administration rec-ommended $2 million. These grants are small, and they help communities clean up. They help communities deal with violators of environmental rules, both in the State and Federal, mostly State, and gives them the ability to clean and deal with neighborhood issues. That is how small these grants are. It also has provided assistance to En-vironmental Justice clinics that can work with community organizations on how to petition for something that is both an eyesore and environmental damage, to rid it of it, or to get the en-tity, the corporation, the small busi-ness, whatever it is, to clean it up. It makes it better for all concerned. Mr. Chair, I would just ask and rec-ognize that this is part of civic partici-pation, and these grants should be al-lowed. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, in closing, I just have to ask the question. Tragedies like the water crisis in Flint, Michigan, demonstrate the issues sur-rounding environmental justice to con-tinue to persist in our country. So the question is: When did it become par-tisan to ensure children drink clean water? This amendment ignores the need to identify and address disproportionately high adverse human health and envi-ronmental effects on minority and low- income populations. I urge, I implore the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Chair, if he suspects that there is waste in this program, let’s do the oversight together. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment, and to stand with communities and the disenfran-chised over corporations. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. JODY B. H
ICE). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia will be postponed. b1945 
AMENDMENT NO . 70 OFFERED BY MR . SMITH OF  
MISSOURI  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 70 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chair-man, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to pay attorney’s fees pursuant to a settlement in any case, in which the Federal Government is a party, that arises under— (1) the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7401 et seq.); (2) the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.); or (3) the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. S
MITH) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Missouri. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chair-man, I rise today in support of my amendment, which seeks to crack down on the practice commonly known as sue and settle. When Federal agencies settle law-suits with outside advocacy groups be-hind closed doors, the outcome is pret-ty much what you would expect: costly new regulatory burdens with taxpayers picking up the tab. That is exactly how sue and settle works. Federal agencies accept law-suits from outside advocacy organiza-tions and, rather than defend them-selves, proceed to settle that lawsuit in a closed-door agreement, resulting in new and more costly regulations. It is bad enough that the taxpayer ul-timately pays for these regulations, but under current law, it is the tax-payer footing the bill for attorneys’ fees for these outside organizations. That is absurd. My amendment prevents American taxpayer dollars from being used to pay the legal fees of outside advocacy groups for settlements under the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, and the Endangered Species Act. Organizations can still sue whomever they want, but they cannot do it on the backs of tax-payers. Fortunately, we are making progress to end this practice. In the House, we have passed this amendment several times before, and the Trump adminis-tration has taken notice of our efforts. The Trump administration sees this practice for what it is: an abuse of our regulator process that must be reined in. The EPA announced last fall that it will no longer pay attorneys’ fees as part of the settlement process and will ensure stakeholders have input and a more transparent settlement process. This amendment will help bolster the administration’s efforts to stop this abusive practice. The Trump administration realizes that nowhere is the cost of these set-tlements more painful than in the envi-ronmental regulatory context. The re-sult of these lawsuits is hundreds of new regulations and tens of millions— even billions—of dollars in compliance costs. If that isn’t bad enough, as part of the agreements, agencies are often re-quired to reprioritize their agendas, al-locating limited resources to the prior-ities of these interest groups rather than priorities designated by Congress or ones that have received public and stakeholder input. The American people are tired of our unaccountable Federal Government, and we have the opportunity to do something about it. This is a necessary step to rein in overregulation and bring transparency back to the regulatory process. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I am a little confused, because it would be only when the Trump administration would decide to be a party of a lawsuit that this judgment would ever be used. So I would assume that you would trust the Trump administration to be overly judicious before involving itself with any suit, would you not? I yield to the gentleman from Mis-souri. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. I support the Trump administration, but I also sup-port our duty under the Constitution to make sure we tell the executive what to do. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Reclaiming my time, Mr. Chairman, that is why I am confused, because this would be the Trump administration. The gentleman said, if I heard him correctly, Mr. Chair, that he would expect the Trump administration to be very judicious in using this. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.153 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6530 July 18, 2018 
So I find this amendment is extra-neous. It puts the same parameters on attorneys’ fees under the ESA, the Clean Air Act, and the Federal Water Pollution Control Act that are already in place for attorneys’ fees under the Equal Access to Justice Act. The Equal Access to Justice Act al-ready caps the hourly rate of attor-neys’ fees, unless the court determines an increase in the cost of living or spe-cial factors such as limited availability of qualified attorneys for the pro-ceedings justifies a higher fee. And it requires the party to be a prevailing party. Mr. Chairman, we don’t need to add an extraneous, redundant provision to a bill that is already overburdened with harmful legislative riders, espe-cially when I trust that the Trump ad-ministration would be very limited and very judicious in ever using this. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment. I reserve the balance of my time and my right to close. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chair-man, I yield such time as he may con-sume to the gentleman from Montana (Mr. G
IANFORTE ). Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment. This amendment would block funds used by the agencies to pay legal fees under any lawsuit settlement that arises under the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, and the Endangered Species Act. While the intent of these pieces of legislation was good, serial litigants and special interest groups have turned these laws into tools used to block ac-cess to our forests and our mineral re-sources. In Montana, we have a litigation problem, as many of our forest man-agement projects are locked up by en-vironmental extremists filing frivolous lawsuits. Agencies spend more time be-hind a desk and more resources defend-ing their actions than they do working on our lands. These lawyers continue to get richer as Montana’s landscape goes up in smoke and taxpayer funds are wasted. This same amendment passed the House last September, and I urge my colleagues to support this amendment again. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the right to close. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chair-man, I yield such time as he may con-sume to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ALVERT ), who is the sub-committee chairman. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the gentleman’s amend-ment. Suing the government and set-tling has become a lucrative business that is supported by taxpayer dollars. The Endangered Species Act, for exam-ple, has become wrapped around the axle of the judicial system by excessive litigation. We are essentially paying people to sue the Federal Government. This needs to stop. Mr. Chairman, I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote on the amendment. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chair-man, the sue-and-settle practice cuts stakeholders and the public out of the regulatory process. It undermines the Article I authority we hold here in Congress. By restricting the payment of legal fees, we take away the incentive for these environmental advocacy groups to sue the Federal Government, and we protect public input in the rulemaking process. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on my amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. This amendment is unnecessary and duplicative. The Equal Access to Jus-tice Act already provides a framework for legal fees related to cases in which the Federal Government is a party. I find myself standing here as a Demo-crat, a person who has been resisting almost everything that President Trump has been trying to do in the en-vironmental arena and other arenas that affect healthcare and so much more, but I find myself defending the Trump administration’s right in which they are a party to participate in the Equal Access to Justice Act, just as I did for President Obama’s administra-tion. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to stop, take a minute, think about what this amendment is really doing, and agree with me that we should op-pose this amendment. We should not stop the Federal Government when it is involved in cases and is a party from participating in the Equal Access to Justice Act. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Missouri (Mr. S
MITH). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Missouri will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 71 OFFERED BY MR . LARSON OF  
CONNECTICUT  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 71 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 148, line 3, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $100,000) (increased by $100,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. LARSON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Connecticut. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer an amendment to require a Federal study on the financial impact of the disaster known as crumbling foundations that is plaguing parts of the Northeast, in-cluding my home State of Connecticut, Massachusetts, and with further study, we believe, it impacts much of the northeastern region of our country. This amendment simply asks for the Treasury to lead a joint study with our Federal regulators to assess the finan-cial impact of this disaster and provide recommendations to help mitigate Federal and local losses, and help these suffering homeowners who, through no fault of their own, have experienced a catastrophic disaster. There is no one who has worked hard-er on this in our State of Connecticut than J
OECOURTNEY . JOEhas been a leader in this, organizing people in both the State and local arenas, as well as our two United States Senators B
LUMENTHAL and M URPHY . J
OEhas led the way, and I have had the fortune, along with State Senator Tim Larson, to travel to South Wind-sor, East Windsor, and Manchester, Connecticut, and witness the devasta-tion and the heartache that these homeowners go through. I know, looking out and seeing Mr. Y
OUNG , he will remember what hap-pened in the South with the famous, or infamous, China drywall. It is similar to that experience, where homeowners and individuals, through no fault of their own, experienced catastrophic loss. We have been working tirelessly on this effort and feel that this study, in fact, will reveal the impact that it will have on homeowners, many of whose loans and homes have been backed by GSEs Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, and even as we project out into the fu-ture, having Federal bases there where this concrete may have been used that has impacted the people there in a dra-matic fashion. As I indicated, nobody knows more about this issue and has studied it more thoroughly than Congressman J
OECOURTNEY from the Second Con-gressional District. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. C
OURTNEY ) to explain further the issue of crumbling founda-tions. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Chairman, I thank Mr. L
ARSON for yielding and, again, for offering this amendment, which has been part of a number of ini-tiatives that we have worked on jointly together to deal with this issue. Again, for the record, just to clarify what is going on here, a concrete quar-ry up in north central Connecticut, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.156 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6531 July 18, 2018 
which had been mining aggregate for foundations in homes, it turned out there was a material called pyrrhotite, which is an iron sulfide material that, over time, when it is exposed to mois-ture, rusts and cracks in a sickening fashion and results in the total col-lapse of home foundations. The estimate is as high as 19,000 homes have had foundations using ma-terial from this quarry. As the gen-tleman pointed out, this has also oc-curred in western Massachusetts. It goes as far north, actually, as Three Rivers, Quebec, because it is a strain of pyrrhotite that runs from Canada down through New England. This picture shows vividly the dam-age caused to a home in Coventry, Con-necticut, where the repairs require you to lift the house, clean out the old foundation, pour a new foundation, and, again, lower the house back. It costs roughly about $200,000. We were able to secure a tax ruling from the Treasury Department that al-lows individuals like this homeowner in the picture to basically deduct those losses, which, again, is some relief. Frankly, there is more that we need to bring to the table. The gentleman’s amendment would allow the Federal regulators that set up the rules for lending banks and institutions to get some flexibility for loan-to-value ratio rules that occur when there are natural disasters. b2000 Again, in Federal natural disasters in places like Florida and Texas, there is some flexibility to allow homeowners to get a loan perhaps above the loan- to-value ratios so they can, again, basi-cally conduct repairs to make their houses habitable again. This amend-ment will set up that process. Secretary Mnuchin, as the gentleman and I know we have met with person-ally, would be the Department that would organize this task force that the amendment contemplates. Again, it is something which the banking industry in Connecticut and Massachusetts has expressed a strong interest in basically allowing some re-lief for homeowners who, again, have poured their heart and soul into their homes to be able to recover their losses. I thank the gentleman for offering this amendment. We had a similar amendment last night that was adopt-ed by Mr. C
ALVERT . Again, I want to thank the majority for their under-standing on this issue. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Chair, I would also like to thank Sec-retary Mnuchin again for his out-standing work, his understanding and empathy, and the prompt manner in which they have taken up what, as you can imagine for these homeowners, is just catastrophic in nature. We want to commend him and also the Tax Advo-cate as well for their testimony before the Ways and Means Committee on this very important issue. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Connecticut (Mr. LARSON ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 72 OFFERED BY MR . YOUNG OF  
ALASKA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 72 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-man, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 156, line 2, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’. Page 157, line 13, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’. Page 221, line 13, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000)’’. Page 224, line 19, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alaska. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-man, I rise in support of my amend-ment No. 72 to provide additional fund-ing for the Native American CDFI As-sistance Program. This program supports critical eco-nomic development in Native commu-nities, which face significant barriers to accessing basic financial services and capital. For example, almost all Alaska Native villages in my State do not have banks and are not connected to the road system. The Native program provides finan-cial assistance and technical assistance awards on a competitive basis to Na-tive CDFIs, allowing them to effec-tively build wealth and further eco-nomic self-determines in Native com-munities. These mission-driven Native organi-zations are working to finance busi-nesses, create jobs, expand and improve affordable housing options, and much more. The Native program accounts for a small portion of the fund’s overall budget but has a significant positive impact, which includes empowering Alaska Natives to improve their eco-nomic well-being in my home State. Without my amendment, a cut to the Native program in FY 2019 would be es-pecially devastating to our Nation’s impoverished and underserved Native communities. I urge my colleagues to support this noncontroversial bipartisan amend-ment to restore funding for the Native program. My amendment, when considered with Representative S
TEVEN PALAZZO ’s CDFI amendment, would restore the program to the current enacted level of $16 million so the Native organizations may continue growing small busi-nesses, create jobs, and promote vital economic development in Native com-munities. I would like to thank the Native CDFI Network and the amendment’s cosponsors, Representative GWEN M
OORE , COLLEEN HANABUSA , and T ULSI G
ABBARD . Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentle-woman from Hawaii (Ms. G
ABBARD ). Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Chair, I thank my colleague for introducing this amendment of which I am a proud co-sponsor. This amendment provides additional funding for the Native American CDFI Assistance Program, also known as NACA, which supports critical eco-nomic development in Native commu-nities like mine in Hawaii, those in Alaska, and communities all across the country which already face significant barriers to accessing financial main-stream services and capital. NACA accounts for a small portion of the CDFIs, but it provides significant support to Native CDFIs, including Na-tive Hawaii organizations in my home State of Hawaii. Of the $22.7 million in CDFI awards made to Hawaii since the fund was launched, 41 percent of total dollars awarded came from this NACA Pro-gram. It has funded organizations like the Council for Native Hawaiian Ad-vancement, which supports Native Ha-waiian communities with homeowner-ship counseling and mortgage loans, small business access to capital, and loans to farmers and ranchers. While the NACA Program is unable to meet the demand by qualified Na-tive CDFIs at its current funding level, a cut to NACA in FY 2019 would be es-pecially devastating to our Nation’s impoverished and underserved Native communities. I urge my colleagues to join my col-league from Hawaii, Representative C
OLLEEN HANABUSA , and me to support this noncontroversial, bipartisan amendment to restore funding to NACA. The amendment, when considered with Representative P
ALAZZO ’s CDFI amendment, would restore NACA to the current enacted level of $16 million so that Native CDFIs may continue growing small businesses, creating jobs, and promoting vital economic op-portunity and development in Native communities. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-man, I thank the gentlewoman for her comments. This is a good amendment to this bill, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 73 OFFERED BY MS . MICHELLE  
LUJAN GRISHAM OF NEW MEXICO  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 73 printed in House Report 115–830. Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.159 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6532 July 18, 2018 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 156, line 2, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. Page 221, line 13, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000)’’. Page 224, line 19, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentlewoman from New Mexico (Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN  G
RISHAM ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from New Mexico. Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Chair, my amendment increases funding for community devel-opment financial institutions, CDFIs. CDFIs are critical to New Mexican communities because they provide fi-nancial products like loans, invest-ments, and tax credits to underserved communities, including poor, rural, and Tribal areas. This helps New Mexican entre-preneurs obtain capital to start and grow small businesses. It enables pueb-los to build housing, and it provides ac-cess to economic development opportu-nities for rural communities through-out my State. There are currently 19 CDFIs in New Mexico, which have received $48 mil-lion in Federal grants since 1996. In total, CDFIs have provided 14,700 loans worth more than $830 million for New Mexico communities, organizations, and individuals. On average, every dol-lar in CDFI funding can be leveraged for 12 times that amount. It should come as no surprise just how critical this funding is for the eco-nomic development of my State, which is still struggling to recover from the recession. For example, when no other lenders would give them a loan, the Clinica la Esperanza in the South Valley received a $31,000 loan from the Accion CDFI to provide much-needed primary care to residents in the South Valley. A few years later, the clinic received an addi-tional $76,000 from Accion to move to a larger location in order to serve a larg-er client base of 3,800 patients. Another example of CDFI lending is Tiwa Lending Services, which provides loans and financial education to the Pueblo of Isleta and other surrounding Native American communities. And just last month, Clearinghouse CDFI received a $3.2 million grant to build affordable housing in several States, including New Mexico. Mr. Chairman, the evidence is clear. CDFIs have proven to be successful drivers of economic growth and devel-opment in underserved areas. They cre-ate jobs, provide American oppor-tunity, and stimulate growth. I urge my colleagues to support my amendment to increase funding for CDFIs to help spur economic develop-ment in communities throughout the country. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from New Mexico (Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 74 OFFERED BY MR . PALAZZO  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 74 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 156, line 4, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $17,000,000)’’. Page 157, line 13, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. Page 158, line 1, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $4,000,000)’’. Page 158, line 4, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $3,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. P
ALAZZO ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Mississippi. Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Chairman, this amendment is very simple. During committee markup of this bill, we were successful in adding a res-toration of $25 million to the CDFI fund. Because of the way the amend-ment was drafted in committee, this secondary amendment is necessary to designate the individual funds within the CDFI account. The CDFI banks that this amend-ment seeks to assist provide essential financial products to underserved popu-lations, often the poorest of the poor. Additionally, financial literacy edu-cation provided by CDFI banks is an invaluable service to our most at-risk and disadvantaged communities across the Nation. Again, this amendment is purely clerical in nature and ensures that the $25 million added at committee mark-up is equitably distributed between the separate CDFI funds so it can do the most good for our most needy. Mr. Chair, I ask the House to pass this amendment to ensure these reach their intended recipients, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition, although I do not oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Illinois is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment. I was disappointed that this bill originally cut CDFI by $59 million and was very supportive of the full com-mittee amendment that Mr. P
ALAZZO  offered to add $25 million to the pro-gram, which passed with bipartisan support. This amendment simply allo-cates that increase among the various worthy programs in CDFI. I am particularly pleased to note that the Bank Enterprise Award Pro-gram and Healthy Food Financing Ini-tiative received some of the funding, although I would like to point out that this increase alone does not bring any of the individual programs to their en-acted levels and still leaves CDFI $34 million, or 14 percent, below the cur-rent level. I urge support of the amendment and hope that we will be able to work to-wards getting the CDFI the additional increases it needs in conference. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for his remarks. Seeing no other speakers, I would like to thank the chairman and rank-ing member for their support in com-mittee for restoring the funds. Mr. Chairman, I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote on my amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Mississippi (Mr. PALAZZO ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 75 OFFERED BY MR . SOTO 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 75 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 160, line 3, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’ before ‘‘shall’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. S
OTO) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Chair, my amendment would increase funding for the Tax Counseling for the Elderly Program by $1 million. For this amendment, we are not tak-ing the $1 million from any other ac-count. Rather, there is a $2.4 billion ac-count for taxpayer services, and this simply adds to the carveout from that total for Tax Counseling for the Elder-ly. b2015 This amendment is identical to an amendment I offered last year that passed this body by a voice vote, and I urge my colleagues to support this amendment again this year. The Tax Counseling for the Elderly program offers free tax help for indi-viduals who are aged 60 or older. Coop-erative grant agreements are entered into between the IRS and eligible orga-nizations to provide tax assistance to elderly taxpayers. These funds provided by the IRS are used by organizations to reimburse volunteers for their out-of- pocket expenses, including transpor-tation, meals, and other expenses in-curred by them in providing tax coun-seling assistance at locations conven-ient to the taxpayer. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.163 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6533 July 18, 2018 
This amendment will restore funding to this program at the level that passed both the House last year and the Congress in the Consolidated Appro-priations Act of 2018. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment; I thank the chairman for his support; and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. S
OTO). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 76 OFFERED BY MR . SOTO 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 76 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 160, line 13, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $500,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. S
OTO) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Chair, my amendment would increase funding for the IRS’s identity theft and refund fraud case-work by $500,000. For this amendment, we are not taking the $500,000 from any account. Rather, there is a $2.4 billion account for Taxpayer Services, and this simply adds to the carveout from that total for the Taxpayer Advocate Services identity theft and refund fraud casework. This amendment will restore funding to this program at the level that passed the Congress in the Consoli-dated Appropriations Act of 2018. Last year, there were 597,000 tax re-turns with confirmed identity theft, re-sulting in $6 billion in taxpayer refunds being affected. Identity theft can be frustrating and confusing to victims. While identity thieves steal information from sources outside the tax system, the IRS is often the first to inform a victim that their identity has been stolen. The IRS is working hard to resolve identity theft cases as quickly as possible and has made considerable progress at clos-ing backlogs; however, more work re-mains. Fighting identity theft is an ongoing battle, as identity thieves continue to create new ways of stealing personal information and using it for their gain. Identity theft cases are among the most complex handled by the IRS. The IRS is continually reviewing processes and policies to minimize instances of identity theft and to help those who find themselves victimized. We, as a Congress, should be giving the IRS the resources necessary to close backlogs and help our constitu-ents as expeditiously as possible. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment; I thank the chairman for his support; and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. SOTO). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 77 OFFERED BY MR . CARBAJAL  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 77 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Strike section 125 of title I of division B. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ARBAJAL ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Chairman, this week President Trump’s Treasury Sec-retary, Steven Mnuchin, decided that the agency will no longer collect infor-mation on donations to political non-profits. This administration will no longer require 501(c)(4) organizations to dis-close their donors, including groups like the National Rifle Association, the NRA, that operates as a nonprofit, but also spends millions of dollars each year on lobbying and advertising to in-fluence our elections. This announcement comes the same week that the Department of Justice arrested and charged a known Russian foreign agent who had infiltrated the NRA, an organization that has received thousands of dollars from Russian na-tionals since 2015. The Treasury Sec-retary’s decision this week only thick-ens the swamp by unleashing a new op-portunity for dark money and money from foreign powers to continue to flood our upcoming midterm elections. I believe that we need more trans-parency in our elections, not less. While super PACs are currently re-quired to disclose donors, now 501(c)(4)s are not. If you were a donor looking to influence elections and wanted to hide your identity, the underlying bill is currently making 501(c)(4) organiza-tions an even more attractive way to conceal contributions. There is a provision in today’s appro-priations package that prohibits the IRS—prohibits the IRS—from issuing guidance on whether an organization is operating exclusively for the pro-motion of social welfare purposes, as written in the IRS code for 501(c)(4) nonprofits, to ensure that no one is abusing our Tax Code to influence our elections. My amendment simply strikes out that provision so that the IRS may issue guidance differentiating which groups are truly social welfare organi-zations with a charitable mission from political organizations abusing our nonprofit tax laws to hide their polit-ical donors from the public. More and more, our elections are being driven by organizations that are receiving hundreds of millions of dol-lars in unreported, secret donations. Dark money is strangling our democ-racy and silencing the will of the American people. In the 2012 presidential election, dark-money groups such as these spent over a quarter of a billion dollars on partisan political advertising and other campaign activities. In 2014, we saw the greatest wave of secret, special-inter-est money ever raised in a congres-sional election. Moreover, in 2016, dark-money groups spent nearly 10 times what they did the previous cycle, totaling over $1.1 bil-lion, and that pattern of undisclosed political spending continues to grow this year. These political nonprofit or-ganizations are receiving tax-exempt treatment and are being allowed to corrupt Federal tax law meant to help social welfare organizations like volun-teer firefighters, rotary clubs, and other community service groups. Our current election laws make it impossible to know where this money is coming from or if it is coming from foreign adversaries, like we saw re-cently with the NRA. This amendment is not partisan and will only continue to allow the IRS to identify nonprofits that are spending significant amounts of their money to influence our elec-tions, regardless of their party affili-ation. Mr. Chairman, at this pivotal mo-ment in our democracy, I urge my col-leagues who are serious about draining the swamp to take this small step to-wards increased transparency in our political process. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I rise in opposition to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Georgia is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman from California. We have carried this provision the past 3 years in this very same bill. In fact, it has been signed into law, not only by President Trump, but also by President Barack Obama. It has been bipartisan in nature. Retaining section 125 continues the current state of affairs as we know it today on this very, very sensitive issue. The IRS has limited resources at this time, but a lot of demands on them. Taking this section away and impacting this regulation that clearly everyone hates—we should have the IRS use their resources for the things that it should be intended for: re-sources to improve customer service, to implement tax reform law that we recently passed, reducing tax fraud, and moving ahead in this new tax sea-son. Mr. Chairman, reluctantly, I have to rise in opposition and ask that we con-tinue the current law as it stands today. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.169 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6534 July 18, 2018 
Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Chair, I appre-ciate the feedback from my colleague. Mr. Chair, this will not detour or take away from the efficiency of the focus of work and spending of resources by the IRS. This only does a funda-mental thing, and that is provide for more disclosure and transparency to ensure that the American public has sunshine on who is spending what re-sources through which organizations. This amendment merely provides that transparency. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I’ll close with this. I appreciate the gentleman’s sentiments towards how the IRS should use their resources. Being a member of the Appropria-tions Committee and a member of this subcommittee my entire time on the full committee, I can assure you that the IRS is operating at a level that was not last seen since about 2011. Their re-sources are tremendously limited at this time, and we would prefer that they focus on customer service and im-plementing the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act that we recently passed. Mr. Chair, I’ll continue to oppose the gentleman’s amendment, ask the House to do the same, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. C
ARBAJAL ). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 78 OFFERED BY MR . KUSTOFF  
OF TENNESSEE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 78 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 185, line 8, after the dollar amount in-sert ‘‘(increase by $5,000,000)’’. Page 221, line 13, after the dollar amount insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000)’’. Page 224, line 19, after the dollar amount insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. K
USTOFF ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my amendment to increase funding for the High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas program by $5 million. I have had numerous conversations with law enforcement throughout my district, and it is crystal clear that the opioid epidemic continues to be one of their primary concerns. Our drug task forces in the Eighth Congressional Dis-trict desperately need these resources, as we have seen a spike in narcotics trafficking along Interstate 40 in Ten-nessee. Mr. Chairman, I know that many of my colleagues are having similar dis-cussions in their district, so they un-derstand just how serious this issue is becoming for the safety and the secu-rity of the American people. It is no se-cret that the spread of illegal drugs throughout west Tennessee and across the Nation leads to higher crime rates, which ultimately increases the finan-cial strain on our local, State, and Fed-eral law enforcement. We must do more to support law en-forcement in this fight. This amend-ment will provide necessary funds for additional equipment and man-hours to conduct and carry out lengthy inves-tigations to arrest these drug traf-fickers. The brave men and women in uniform are working tirelessly on the front lines to combat the opioid epi-demic, and we can’t afford to simply sit back and watch. We also must think of the resources needed to battle the drug addiction epi-demic, such as the opioid crisis. The extra funding will take major steps to target these high-risk areas in a front- end approach to preventing the spread of the opioid crisis in our communities. We must be proactive now, because pre-vention is the best long-term solution. I am a former United States attor-ney, and I have seen firsthand how much these funds can make a huge dif-ference in forward progress. I believe that funding the High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area program is a good first step to supporting our law en-forcement and combating rampant opioid epidemics. Law enforcement at the local, State, and Federal level have expressed sup-port for this amendment, and I urge my colleagues to do the same today. I also want to thank my colleagues, Mrs. COMSTOCK and Mr. M CKINLEY , for their hard work and support of this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. b2030 The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Tennessee (Mr. K
USTOFF ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 79 OFFERED BY MRS . MURPHY  
OF FLORIDA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 79 printed in House Report 115–830. Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 246, line 16, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. M
URPHY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Florida. Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of this bipartisan amendment, which I am proud to colead with the Congressman from California (Mr. KNIGHT ), the Congress-man from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ), and the Congressman from Nebraska (Mr. B
ACON ). This amendment would provide addi-tional support for two important and successful initiatives overseen by the U.S. Small Business Administration. First, it would increase funding for SBA Women’s Business Centers by $600,000. This amendment builds on a successful floor amendment I offered to last year’s bill, which boosted funding for WBCs by $1 million. If our amendment is adopted, the House would provide a total of $19 mil-lion for WBCs, a substantial funding level that I will work to retain when the House and the Senate meet to rec-oncile their respective bills. There are more than 100 Women’s Business Centers located across the country, each operated by a local non-profit organization that receives finan-cial support from SBA and others. These WBCs provide business training, counseling, and mentoring geared to women, especially those who are so-cially and economically disadvantaged. Every WBC tailors its services to the specific needs of the community in which it is located, but all provide training in finance, management, and marketing. They also help clients uti-lize SBA’s suite of capital, counseling, and contracting programs. My central Florida district is home to many talented entrepreneurs, and, yet, it currently lacks a WBC. If this amendment is adopted, it will increase the number of WBCs that can be estab-lished nationwide and increase the chances that a WBC will be established in the Orlando area. This would help many of my constituents start or grow their small businesses and, in doing so, further strengthen our local economy. In addition, our amendment would increase funding for SBA’s Veterans Outreach programs by $400,000, from $12.3 million to $12.7 million. Each year, SBA uses these resources to serve more than 200,000 veterans and their families, including service-dis-abled veterans. SBA provides veterans with business training and mentorship, and helps them obtain loans, apply for Federal contracts, and cultivate con-nections with commercial supply chains. My support for these investments in our veterans is rooted in the belief that servicemembers have fought for our Nation, and, we, as a Nation, must fight for them, both while they are in the military and once they transition to civilian life. Our amendment does not increase the total amount of founding appropriated by Congress in the bill, and it enhances support for WBCs and veterans pro-grams without reducing support for any other priorities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.173 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6535 July 18, 2018 
I thank the Rules Committee for al-lowing the House to consider this bi-partisan amendment. I respectfully ask my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support it. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Florida (Mrs. M
URPHY ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 80 OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 80 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 248, line 17, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment. Employee- owned businesses are uniquely struc-tured where the employer and the shareholders and the executives ben-efit, as well as the workers. There are different forms of making sure that employees can participate in the success and capital growth of a company. Those include co-ops, co-operatives; ESOPs, which stands for employee stock ownership plans; stock options; profit sharing. There are a number of ways to do it. But some of the key findings are that, over time, employees at em-ployee-owned businesses, whether they are partially or entirely owned by em-ployees, have greater success. The com-panies do better and the workers do better: higher wages; more savings for retirement; more sustainability; and more profitability as an enterprise, be-cause it improves retention rates and employee morale. I think that employee-owned busi-nesses are an important market-ori-ented mechanism to reduce the wage gap between executives, shareholders, and workers. But it can be difficult for a business to transition to an em-ployee-ownership model or a business structure that allows for accessing fi-nancing and capital markets to make that transition happen. That is why I am sponsoring this amendment today to encourage the Small Business Administration to pro-vide technical assistance, as well as education and outreach about existing programs, one of which is called the loan guarantee program, which is available to employee-owned busi-nesses. SBA loans are a critical resource for many small businesses, and the em-ployee-owned loan guarantee program is underutilized because a lot of lenders don’t understand the unique nature of employee-owned businesses, especially smaller banks. ESOPs can be a very compelling model, as can the other models of em-ployee ownership. There are a number of successful employee-owned compa-nies in the district I am honored to represent in northern Colorado, includ-ing New Belgium Brewing. SBA loans are actually a critical part of helping companies make that transi-tion to employee ownership, especially for small and midsized enterprises. I encourage the adoption of my amendment to help employee-owned businesses access financing options that will help small businesses grow, and help our communities retain com-munity, local employee ownership of small businesses. I encourage my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle to support this amendment to highlight the role that SBA can play in making employee ownership options a real-life occurrence for more companies and people across our country. Mr. Chairman, of course, there are a number of pieces of legislation, many of them bipartisan, under the jurisdic-tion of different committees with re-gard to how we can remove barriers to employee ownership in our economy. But this simple one before us today would simply encourage the SBA to provide technical assistance under cur-rent authorized, funded programs, to help make sure that there is a greater awareness about the opportunities of employee ownership, both for economic productivity as well as for reducing the equity and wage gap in our country. Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 81 OFFERED BY MR . CARBAJAL  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 81 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Chairman, I rise as the designee for the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. C
APUANO ), and I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 264, strike lines 13 through 18. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ARBAJAL ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Chairman, this amendment strikes section 628 of the underlying bill prohibiting the Securi-ties and Exchange Commission, SEC, from issuing rules on disclosures for corporations spending money to influ-ence our elections, primarily through paid advertising. The Supreme Court’s 2010 Citizens United decision means that corpora-tions, even foreign-controlled corpora-tions, are now allowed to spend unlim-ited amounts of money to influence American elections. Publicly traded corporations can buy millions of dollars’ worth of TV, social media, and radio ads without disclosing their political expenditures to their shareholders. This outside spending in our elections has created a greater need for Members to raise more money for their campaigns and less time legis-lating. This has eroded the public’s faith in our institutions and is damaging to our democracy. Families in my district and across the country are concerned about paying their children’s tuition or med-ical bills, not spending thousands of dollars to influence Federal elections. Their voices shouldn’t be drowned out by millions of dollars of secret special- interest advertising from corporations. A corporation’s main goal is to make a profit, not to improve the quality of life for all Americans. They shouldn’t have a say in our elections without their shareholders and the public knowing about it. That is why we cannot muzzle the SEC’s ability to issue rules regarding disclosures for publicly traded corpora-tions on all their political expendi-tures. Stockholders and voters have been clear: They want to know the de-tails of the political donations of the companies they own and give their business to. In fact, more than 1.2 mil-lion comments have been submitted to the SEC requesting that they require political disclosure by publicly traded companies. That is the largest number of comments on a rule in the history of the agency. Congress should stop standing in the way of the SEC’s mission, which is to provide transparency to the markets and the public. This amendment does not infringe on a corporation’s right to spend money on political activity. It would just allow the SEC to disclose what money is being spent. This is yet another opportunity for my Republican colleagues to prevent special interests from gaining even more pull in Washington and begin draining that swamp. This should not be a Democrat or a Republican issue, and it goes to the heart of our democ-racy and maintaining a government that is of, by, and for the American people. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to adopt this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Michigan is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chairman, since the courts have weighed in, Democrats have been attempting to use the securi-ties laws to mandate the disclosure of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.177 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6536 July 18, 2018 
companies’ political spending activi-ties in order to name and shame com-panies from engaging in such free speech activity. Time and time again, when the issue of political disclosure has come up as a shareholder proposal at every com-pany’s annual proxy meeting where it has been proposed, it has been shot down. It has been defeated. In fact, according to Proxy Monitor, the average percentage vote in favor of a political disclosure shareholder pro-posal in 2016 was just 23 percent sup-port. Shareholders have repeatedly weighed in against requiring disclosure of this information and do not believe it is important in making their own in-vestment decisions regarding that company. Our securities laws and disclosure re-quirements have always centered on the concept of materiality, as deter-mined by the Supreme Court, whether an omitted fact is material by looking at ‘‘whether there is a substantial like-lihood that a reasonable shareholder would consider it important in deciding how to vote.’’ In fact, under the Obama administra-tion, former SEC Chair Mary Jo White declined to advance a political disclo-sure rule, stating it was ‘‘not one of the priorities we are advancing.’’ Additionally, former Chair White was vocal about ensuring that disclosures were not causing informational over-load for investors. As a member of the Financial Services Committee, we heard repeated—repeated—testimony on that fact. This provision to prevent the SEC from issuing a political disclosure rule has continually been part of appropria-tions packages that have been signed into law by Presidents of both parties and should continue to stay as part of this package. b2045 Now, earlier you heard that the mis-sion of the SEC is to provide trans-parency. Let me read exactly what the mission of the Securities and Exchange Commission is: ‘‘The mission of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission is to protect investors; maintain fair, orderly, and efficient markets; and facilitate cap-ital formation.’’ This simply does not fit into that tri-partite mission of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Now, with that being said, nothing— and let me repeat that, nothing—pre-vents companies from voluntarily re-porting this information if they believe that it is important for them to make such disclosures or for their share-holders to also vote that way. So all companies, private and public, should remain free to do just that: make that decision as they decide is the best course for that particular company. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Chairman, this is not about shaming anyone. This does not restrict free speech or the ability of corporations to engage in political activity. It only allows the SEC to re-quire disclosure of corporate political spending, a little bit of transparency providing disclosure to the public, so that they clearly know the companies that they are investing their money in. Moreover, more than 150 large com-panies, including more than half of the companies in the S&P 100, are dis-closing their political spending al-ready. Investors have filed over 300 shareholder proposals since 2011 asking companies to disclose political spend-ing. This is all about transparency and protecting our democracy. We should not be scared of giving the public more information. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chairman, I will repeat a couple of things very briefly. All of these proxy proposals have gar-nered 23 percent, average, support, so there is not widespread support among the investors. And again, I will repeat that three- pronged mission that the Securities and Exchange Commission has: ‘‘pro-tect investors; maintain fair, orderly, and efficient markets; and facilitate capital formation.’’ This particular ef-fort does none of those things, ad-vances none of those things, and that is why I oppose the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. C
ARBAJAL ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 82 OFFERED BY MR . ZELDIN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 82 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division B (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used to enforce section 540 of Public Law 110–329 (122 Stat. 3688) or section 538 of Public Law 112–74 (125 Stat. 976; 6 U.S.C. 190 note). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my important bi-partisan amendment to halt the sale and marketing of Plum Island, New York, by the General Services Admin-istration. Situated at the gateway of the Long Island Sound, Plum Island is a treasure for our local community in both New York and Connecticut. As a critical re-source for research, approximately 90 percent of the land on Plum Island has been sheltered from development, pro-tecting the diverse ecosystem of Long Island Sound and critical habitat for migratory birds, marine mammals, and rare plants. With recorded history dat-ing back to the 1700s, Plum Island is also an essential cultural and histor-ical resource. Since World War II, Plum Island has been utilized as a resource laboratory. The facility, which has been under Fed-eral jurisdiction since 1899, has since grown to become what is known today as the Plum Island Animal Disease Center. In 2005, the Department of Homeland Security, which currently has jurisdic-tion over the island, announced that the Animal Disease Center would be moved to a new Federal facility in Kansas. To offset the cost of this relo-cation, a law was enacted in 2008 that called for the private sale of Plum Is-land to the highest bidder. The traditional interagency con-sultation process regarding the dis-posal of Federal property was bypassed, fast-tracking the potential sale of this island without consulting the local community or other Federal agencies. This statutory mandate was also based on a false assumption that a sale could offset the cost of the new facility, when the true value of the island, including cleanup costs, still are not clear. The town of Southold, New York, has local jurisdiction over the island and has passed ordinances preventing any private development. This factor, cou-pled with the significant cleanup and environmental mitigation costs associ-ated with closing this facility, gives Plum Island little to no commercial value. Furthermore, according to a DHS re-port issued in April of 2016, the new site in Manhattan, Kansas, is already fully paid for through a combination of Federal appropriations and State fund-ing. Allowing for continued research, pub-lic access, and permanent preservation of the island is a priority shared by elected officials, conservation groups, and local residents on both sides of the sound. The GSA must stop advancing the sale of this island and stop wasting taxpayer money on retaining expensive real estate firms in violation of the will of the people and in spite of pend-ing litigation over this proposed sale. This amendment allows Congress to use the power of the purse to stop the GSA from marketing or selling the is-land while we continue the fight for a permanent solution that will preserve the island for conservation and edu-cation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.181 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6537 July 18, 2018 
Mr. Chairman, this amendment passed the House on a bipartisan vote in 2016 as part of Financial Services and General Government Appropria-tions. My similar stand-alone bill, the Plum Island Preservation Act, has also passed with unanimous support in the House now in two consecutive Con-gresses. Mr. Chairman, I once again urge all of my colleagues to support this bipar-tisan amendment. Mr. Chairman, in closing, I thank my partners from Connecticut, R
OSA D
ELAURO and J OECOURTNEY , for once again introducing this amendment with me. I also thank my additional cosponsors from New York, K
ATHLEEN  R
ICE, TOMSUOZZI , and J OHNFASO. The broad range of bipartisan support for this effort throughout our region shows what an important gem Plum Island is for our environment and for our his-tory. Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of this amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 83 OFFERED BY MR . PALMER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 83 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division B (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available under title IV or title VIII of this Act may be used by the District of Columbia govern-ment to carry out the Health Insurance Re-quirement Amendment Act of 2018 (subtitle A of title V of the Fiscal Year 2019 Budget Support Act of 2018; D.C. Bill 22–753). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. P
ALMER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, my amendment would prohibit funds from being used to carry out the District of Columbia’s Health Insurance Require-ment Amendment Act of 2018. This is essentially the District’s version of ObamaCare’s individual mandate with a few important and troubling distinc-tions. The mandate requires that all resi-dents of the District of Columbia pur-chase government-sanctioned health insurance or pay what the District calls a ‘‘shared responsibility pay-ment.’’ However, the mandate goes even fur-ther by allowing D.C. authorities to place liens on, seize, and sell the prop-erty of their residents if they are un-willing or unable to pay the tax pen-alty. Let me repeat. If a D.C. resident chooses not to purchase the govern-ment-sanctioned health insurance plan or purchases health insurance that doesn’t meet the District of Columbia’s preferences, they will now have the au-thority to impose a tax penalty or seize and sell that person’s assets. But it gets worse. Every plan available through the D.C. Health Link covers elective abor-tion, which means that the mandate forces individuals who don’t wish to purchase this coverage to choose be-tween violating their conscience and facing a tax penalty or, even worse, having their property seized. I am sure you will hear objections to Congress meddling in District of Co-lumbia affairs, but I will remind those objectors that Article I, section 8, clause 17 of the Constitution vests Con-gress, not the D.C. City Council, with the authority to exercise exclusive leg-islation in all cases whatsoever regard-ing the District. When the District of Columbia makes it a priority to force the residents to buy insurance coverage they neither want nor need, it is incumbent upon Congress to exercise their constitu-tional authority and prohibit the use of funds to carry out this policy. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in strong opposition to this amendment interfering in the local af-fairs of the District of Columbia. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from the District of Columbia is recog-nized for 5 minutes. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, you wouldn’t know it from hearing the Member on the other side speak, but in 1973, Congress passed the bipartisan District of Columbia Home Rule Act, which created a locally elected govern-ment. According to the Home Rule Act, a central purpose of the act was to ‘‘re-lieve Congress of the burden of legis-lating upon essentially local District matters.’’ In his signing statement of the Home Rule Act, President Nixon wrote, ‘‘It will give the people of the District of Columbia the right . . . to govern themselves in local affairs. . . . ‘’ Yet the bill before us would either re-peal or block the District of Columbia from carrying out or enacting five local laws. I filed amendments to strike all of these undemocratic riders, but the Rules Committee has blocked me from offering any of them on the floor, even though they all complied with House rules. I have gotten some of these amendments off in the past, and I in-tend to do so again, because this mat-ter has to go to the Senate as well, Mr. Chairman. Adding insult to injury, the Rules Committee allowed this and one other undemocratic amendment to be of-fered. Republicans were not satisfied with sabotaging the Affordable Care Act by, among other things, reducing the pen-alty for failure to comply with the in-dividual responsibility requirement to $0 in the recently enacted GOP tax scam. The ACA remains standing and popular, nevertheless, throughout the country. Mr. PALMER has moved to sabotage, therefore, the District of Columbia’s local health insurance market, too, and deny the 700,000 Federal taxpaying Americans who live in the District of Columbia access to quality, affordable health insurance coverage. This antidemocratic healthcare amendment is offered by Mr. P
ALMER  of Alabama, who doesn’t live in and is not responsible to the people of the District of Columbia, but answers to another district. I doubt that Rep-resentative P
ALMER ’s constituents want him taking time from their busi-ness to meddle in the business of an-other Member’s district. This amendment would prohibit the District from spending its own local funds, consisting solely of local taxes and fees, to carry out a local District of Columbia bill that requires individ-uals to maintain health coverage or to pay a penalty for failure to do so. I remind the House that three States have adopted this same approach. In response to Republican efforts to sabotage the ACA, the District of Co-lumbia, like States across the country, decided to do what they could and, in our case, convened a working group that consisted of businesses, providers, consumers, and insurers on how to pre-serve quality, affordable coverage lo-cally. In February, the working group unanimously recommended creating a local individual responsibility require-ment—and I thought the other side was all about localism—and the District of Columbia Health Benefit Exchange Au-thority Executive Board unanimously supported the recommendation. b2100 The District of Columbia Mayor then included an individual responsibility of requirement in her budget, and the D.C. Council debated and unanimously passed the Health Insurance Require-ment Amendment Act of 2018, as re-quired by Congress. Thus, D.C. will join three States in requiring residents to maintain health insurance coverage, and more States are considering doing the very same thing. I urge Members to vote ‘‘no’’ on this undemocratic, offensive, and harmful amendment that would reduce enroll-ment in the D.C. individual insurance market by 15 percent, and increase pre-miums. I ask the gentleman to stay out of the business of my district. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Alabama has 3 minutes remain-ing. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished gen-tleman from North Carolina (Mr. M
EADOWS ). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:29 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.184 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6538 July 18, 2018 
Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Chair, I want to applaud my good friend from Alabama, Mr. P
ALMER , and my colleague from North Carolina, Mr. W
ALKER , for their work on this particular amendment. I couldn’t disagree more with the gentlewoman from the District of Co-lumbia. This is not about individual liberties. In fact, this amendment sup-ports individual liberties. It keeps liens from being placed on property. Quite frankly, Congress, overwhelm-ingly has supported repealing the indi-vidual mandate. And for some city to say that they are wanting to imple-ment an individual mandate, it has nothing to do with healthcare. It has more to do with political statements. And I can tell you that to have the particular initiative here in Wash-ington, D.C., limit short-term health plans and, certainly, association health plans, it, again, is not about healthcare. So I would encourage an adoption of the amendment and stand for liberty. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the other distinguished gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ). Mr. WALKER. Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of this amendment. In December, Congress passed his-toric tax reform that frees people from ObamaCare’s erroneous individual mandate which punished lower and middle income families for not buying health insurance they don’t want or cannot afford. Well, how does D.C. respond? The City Council has now decreed that all residents must buy health insurance, no matter the cost or need. And listen, if you refuse, not only will you be fi-nancially penalized, but the D.C. gov-ernment can seize your personal prop-erty. What? The idea that a local government can force you to buy a private product just because of your zip code is unjust and un-American. Congress, which has direct oversight of D.C., cannot allow the District to ig-nore Federal law and use politics to punish their residents. I urge my colleagues to support the measure. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, how much time is remaining? The Acting CHAIR (Mr. C
URTIS ). The gentleman from Alabama has 1 minute remaining. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlemen from North Carolina, Mr. M
EADOWS and Mr. W ALKER , for their support of this amendment. And I would just like to point out, as Mr. M
EADOWS was pointing out, this is real-ly about defending rights. This amendment prohibits the Dis-trict of Columbia Council from impos-ing on individual property rights. It de-nies people the option to buy less ex-pensive health insurance and insurance that they want and need. I would like to also point out that in ObamaCare, even there, there was no force imposed on people to buy health insurance. They could pay the penalty, or they could apply for a waiver with the IRS and, literally, millions did that. At no time did ObamaCare pose a threat to people’s property rights, as this amendment does. So, Mr. Chairman, I urge my col-leagues to stand up for the rights of the citizens of the District of Columbia to protect their property rights and support this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Alabama (Mr. PALMER ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 84 OFFERED BY MR . MEADOWS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 84 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division B (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out section 1334 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. M
EADOWS ) and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Chair, before I get into my amendment, I want to thank the chairman of the sub-committee and the entire staff for not only a very thoughtful bill that really requires very few amendments, but really working with Members of all dif-ferent ideological stripes in our con-ference. And I look forward to being able to support this when it comes up for a vote tomorrow. My amendment prohibits funds from being used by the Office of Personnel Management, better known as OPM, to administer the ObamaCare’s multistate program. ObamaCare required OPM to contract with health insurers to make multistate plans available to con-sumers in all the States, and D.C., by 2017. Now, there is only one problem with that. There is only one State partici-pating. And yet, here we continue to fund it. The multistate plan program has failed to meet its statutory require-ments. It has failed to generate com-petition in the healthcare market-place. And it has failed to lower health insurance premiums. According to OPM, the government has spent $53 million on administrative costs for this failed program. The evi-dence is clear: This program doesn’t work and it is a waste of taxpayer dol-lars. In fact, the Congressional Budget Of-fice and the Joint Committee on Tax-ation said eliminating funding for this plan will not affect the levels of com-petition or premiums in the insurance markets, nor would it affect any ObamaCare subsidies. So my amendment does not take funds away from OPM. It leaves more money for OPM to continue its other mission-critical programs without hav-ing to waste the time and resources on a poorly-functioning multistate plan program. I have got letters from the OPM, Of-fice of Personnel Management, who ad-ministers the plan, supporting the elimination of this program. I also have a letter from the National Active and Retired Federal Employees Asso-ciation, better known as NARFE, who represent the interests of more than 5 million Federal employees and retirees and their survivors, supporting the elimination of this program. So finally, this program is widely viewed by analysts on the both the left and the right as either a de facto public option or a plausible foundation for a future public option. The House should vote overwhelm-ingly to do away with this, and I urge my colleagues, both Democrats and Re-publicans, to do so. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Illinois is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. QUIGLEY. This amendment is another in a long line of attacks on the Affordable Care Act. It is, unfortu-nately, an example of Republicans turning to the appropriations process, instead of working through the appro-priate channels via the authorization committees. Weighing down bills with partisan riders does nothing but make it more difficult to enact these spending bills, especially in a timely manner. Turning to the substance of the amendment, our constituents would be better served if we focused our efforts on extending quality, affordable cov-erage to more individuals, not elimi-nating plans. Healthcare is an essential right, and a healthy America is a more produc-tive, safer, and better place to call home. I suggest my colleagues vote ‘‘no’’ on the Meadows amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have left? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from North Carolina has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Chair, I appre-ciate the gentleman opposite with his articulation of opposition; but I find it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:29 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.187 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6539 July 18, 2018 
interesting because the last time I checked, he is not from Arkansas, which is the only State that actually is benefiting from this. And yet, his State, my State, and every other State is paying for this for the benefit. And I would use that word very liberally, be-cause it is not really benefiting them. They just keep it there. It is not low-ering premiums in Arkansas. So at what time do we look at a failed Federal program and say enough is enough? I think that that day is today, and I urge all my colleagues to support this amendment. I want to thank the gentleman for his leadership. I urge a vote in support of this particular amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from North Carolina (Mr. M
EADOWS ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from North Carolina will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 85 OFFERED BY MR . ROTHFUS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 85 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division B (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available under title IV or title VIII of this Act may be used by the District of Columbia govern-ment to carry out section 47–4471, D.C. Offi-cial Code, with respect to the liability of a taxpayer under section 47–5108, D.C. Official Code (as added by subtitle A of title V of the Fiscal Year 2019 Budget Support Act of 2018; D.C. Bill 22–753). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of this amendment, a narrow amendment which simply pro-hibits any funds from going toward the District of Columbia from seizing prop-erty of citizens not in compliance with the District’s individual healthcare mandate. It is a narrower amendment than the one we just debated. My amendment does not take away the mandate. It simply says one of the remedies cannot be the seizure of prop-erty if an individual does not comply with the mandate to buy health insur-ance. The individual mandate is, of course, controversial. Even Barack Obama op-posed it when he was running in 2008. In one of the debates in the 2008 pri-mary, then Senator and Presidential candidate Obama said: ‘‘A mandate means that in some fashion, everybody will be forced to buy health insurance. . . . But I believe,’’ then candidate Obama said, ‘‘the problem is not that folks are trying to avoid getting healthcare. The problem is they can’t afford it.’’ He separately said: If the mandate was the solution, we could try to solve homelessness by mandating that everyone buy a house. The reason why they don’t have the house is they don’t have the money. So our focus has been on reducing costs and making it available. 
Regardless of what anyone on either side of the aisle thinks about a require-ment to buy health insurance, it seems ill-advised and unjust to take away property from people that cannot even afford insurance. I have to imagine that this was an oversight in writing the law, because surely no legislators could have in-tended such a harsh result. I would note, Mr. Chairman, that in 2015, 6,902 residents of the District of Columbia were forced to pay the man-date penalty. Seventy-five percent of them made less than $50,000. I hope that my colleagues on both sides of the aisle will join me in sup-porting this commonsense measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I claim time in strong opposition to yet an-other amendment that interferes with another Member’s district, indicating that there is more than one Member in this body that does not have enough to do at home. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from the District of Columbia is recog-nized for 5 minutes. b2115 Ms. NORTON. A few minutes ago, we debated an amendment offered by Rep-resentative G
ARY PALMER of Alabama that would prohibit the District from spending its own local funds, consisting solely of taxes and fees, to carry out a local D.C. bill, the Health Insurance Requirement Amendment Act of 2018, that requires individuals to maintain health insurance coverage or pay a tax penalty for failure to do so. This amendment before us now of-fered by this Member, Mr. R
OTHFUS of Pennsylvania, seeks to weaken the cov-erage requirement by prohibiting D.C. from spending its local funds to carry out a method of tax collection in exist-ing D.C. law to enforce the penalty. Mr. R
OTHFUS has plenty to do rep-resenting his own district, but is now venturing far afield into a district rep-resented by another Member of the House of Representatives. In particular, D.C. would be prohib-ited from using its local funds to col-lect the tax penalty by distraint, or the seizure of property to obtain payment, for failure to pay. The District is not unique in author-izing distraint, and it is seldom used. I can’t think of when it has been used. The seizure of property to settle tax debt is standard practice for the Fed-eral Government, States, and cities across the country, including, would you believe, Representative ROTHFUS ’ State of Pennsylvania. Under title 53 of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, section 16031, Pennsylvania jurisdictions are allowed to collect taxes by distraint. I wonder if the sponsor has asked his own legis-lature to repeal that statute. Let him start at home before he tries to repeal something passed unanimously by the council of the District of Columbia. It is true that the Affordable Care Act prohibited the Internal Revenue Service from seizing property to col-lect the individual responsibility re-quirement tax penalty, although it did authorize the IRS to withhold the pen-alty amount from future tax refunds, which amounts to the very same thing. However, each State and the District is free to authorize distraint to collect the local individual responsibility re-quirement tax penalty. However, it is important to note, and I emphasize, that the District rarely seizes property to collect taxes owed. When it does, it does so only as a last resort. I can’t think of when this has even happened. If a payment plan or settlement could not be established with a taxpayer, the District would first turn to remedies like withholding tax refunds or garnishing wages, not seizing a house or a car. I am sure that is what happens in Mr. R
OTHFUS ’ State of Pennsylvania as well. I will not tolerate Republicans, this Member or any other, using the Dis-trict of Columbia to score points with opponents of the ACA. They haven’t been able to beat the ACA. This amendment is one of several that constitute the most significant abuse of Federal power over the Dis-trict of Columbia since Republicans took control in 2011. So the ACA remains popular throughout the United States. They just can’t bear that. So Mr. R
OTHFUS  moves on to the District, to see if he can do to the District what his side has not been able to do in the country for the ACA. We found greater respect for demo-cratic self-rule in the Senate in getting such riders removed. We intend to do so again. Mr. Chair, I say to the gentleman, mind your own business. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to re-ject this abuse of power, and I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, I would hope that the gentlewoman would realize that this amendment scores points for the 75 percent of the people who were subject to the penalty who made less than $50,000 a year. That is what happens when we have the mandate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Aug 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\JULY\H18JY8.REC H18JY8abonner on DSKBCJ7HB2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6540 July 18, 2018 
And it is Federal policy now, Federal policy, that holds that people should not be punished if they can’t afford to purchase health insurance. They cer-tainly shouldn’t be punished by having their property seized. And if it is only a few people, as the gentlewoman says, I would wonder why she is opposed to this amendment. This is the Federal city. It is Federal policy that people should not be so punished. President Obama, when he was run-ning for President in 2008, was pretty clear. He knew what would happen. He observed what was going on with the Massachusetts mandate. He said: 
Now, Massachusetts has a mandate right now. They have exempted 20 percent of the uninsured because they’ve concluded that that 20 percent can’t afford it. In some cases, there are people who are paying fines and still can’t afford it. So now they are worse off than they were. They don’t have health insurance and they’re paying a fine. And in order for you to force people to get health in-surance, you have to have a very harsh, stiff penalty. 
President Obama understood that. He understood, as a candidate, that it would be wrong to seize property. Again, when you look at the people who were being levied the penalty in 2015, when the ACA had a penalty, 75 percent of the people who paid the pen-alty in the District of Columbia made less than $50,000 a year. Again, President Obama as a can-didate: 
I think it is important to recognize that, if you are going to mandate the purchase of in-surance and it is not affordable, then there is going to have to be some enforcement mech-anism that the government uses. It may charge people who don’t already have healthcare fines or have to take it out of their paychecks. 
And candidate Obama said: 
And that, I don’t think, is helping people without health insurance. 
Again, he liked to keep on going and talking about Massachusetts. What is happening in Massachusetts, then-can-didate Obama said: 
There are articles being written about it which are that folks are paying fines that don’t have healthcare. They would rather go ahead and take the fine, because they cannot afford coverage. 
Mr. Chairman, this is for the folks who may not be able to afford it, peo-ple making less than $50,000 a year. They shouldn’t have their property seized. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to accept this commonsense, narrow amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania will be postponed. The Chair understands that amend-ment No. 86 will not be offered. AMENDMENT NO . 87 OFFERED BY MR . MCHENRY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 87 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. M
CHENRY. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division B (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the United States Postal Service to— (1) implement any approach in the report of the Office of Inspector General of the Postal Service on May 21, 2015, entitled ‘‘The Road Ahead for Postal Financial Services’’; or (2) carry out any pilot project pursuant to the report. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. M
CHENRY ) and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. Mr. M
CHENRY. Mr. Chairman, my amendment is very simple. It would bar the United States Postal Service from expanding on its current offerings of financial services and banking prod-ucts. I think it is important that the Post-al Service focus on its core business of delivering the mail. While the idea of postal banking is nothing new, it is still a terrible idea. In 2015, the inspector general for the Postal Service took the highly unusual step in proposing that the Postal Serv-ice should expand its banking services in areas like prepaid cards, savings products, and money orders. Since then, postal banking advocates have used the report to argue that the Post-al Service has the authority to offer more banking products, all without congressional oversight or consent. Re-cent reports indicate that these efforts include using a pilot program to imple-ment this awful idea. That is the rea-son why I am offering my amendment. To make things even worse, rather than proposing the idea legislatively, the current strategy of those advo-cating for postal banking is to insti-tute the program via behind-the-scenes negotiation between government bu-reaucrats and liberal special interest groups. This amendment draws a clear, bright line that says that no taxpayer money shall be used to subsidize these quiet attempts at making postal bank-ing a reality. Proponents of postal banking argue that it would help the under-banked in this country, but the simple fact is that socialized banking is not the an-swer. Instead, we have to focus on working together in a bipartisan way around fi-nancial innovation as the pathway to-ward financial inclusion. Postal banking is a giant step back-ward. The Postal Service, as I said, should focus on its core mission of de-livering our mail. Postal banking would simply create yet another government program that fails to solve the underlying problem. Further, if Congress does not step in and stop this now, we endanger our small community banks and credit unions that are already in trouble, while at the same time putting an ad-ditional burden on the American tax-payer, who will be stuck footing the bill for this horrible idea. This amendment protects the Amer-ican taxpayers from being forced to fi-nance a terrible idea called postal banking. Its passage would also main-tain the role of Congress in deter-mining the fate of the Postal Service and postal banking, not government bureaucrats and interest groups. Mr. Chair, I urge support of my amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I claim time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, sadly, the provisions contained in this amend-ment would block the Postal Service from running a pilot program designed to improve operations and save tax-payers money, like allowing travelers to submit passport applications at post offices across the country. It would se-verely limit the potential of one of our most essential, constitutionally man-dated government agencies, and hurt our communities and our citizens in the process. I represent not only countless letter carriers, but thousands of Ohioans who rely on the Postal Service for timely delivery of their Social Security checks, electric bills, and birthday cards from loved ones. Expanding the services provided at our Nation’s post offices would achieve two ends: supporting a great Federal job provider, and helping our commu-nities and citizens at the same time. At a time when banks and other in-stitutions are abandoning inner cities and rural communities, in my district alone, post offices present a perfect medium to collocate, including with traditional banks or credit unions. For example, in my home State, 18.6 percent of Cleveland households have no checking or savings account, and 24.1 percent of households are under- banked, forced to use costly payday and auto title firms or currency ex-change stores to cash paychecks or make consumer loans. More than 35 percent of Cleveland’s 389,000 residents live below the Federal poverty line. Many post offices are located in bank deserts. Fifty-nine percent of post of-fices are in ZIP Codes with either zero banks or only one bank branch. By giving the Postal Service the op-portunity to serve our communities in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:29 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.192 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6541 July 18, 2018 
a more expansive capacity, we could also put the Postal Service back on the right track financially, bring back hundreds of American jobs, and, in so doing, restore faith in one of our most fundamental government services. The Postal Service is already pro-viding an impressive, expansive, and affordable service to all the American people—and by the American people, by the way. I am fighting in Congress to support the hardworking employees of the Postal Service and our citizens, especially in underserved communities across not just my district, but our country. It is really horrendous to go into communities that have no financial services, where people are being ripped off every day. Mr. Chair, I hope my colleagues will join me in this effort and oppose this misguided amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield my remaining time to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ), a very able and intelligent Congressman. b2130 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chair, may I in-quire how much time we have remain-ing. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Ohio has 2 minutes remaining. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chair, I rise in strong opposition to this amendment which would limit the Postal Service’s ability to offer products and services on a pilot basis that could help the Postal Service find its way to financial stability. At a time when the Postal Service is bleeding red ink, this bill takes away existing revenue and potential revenue. In fiscal year 2017, the Postal Service reported a loss of $2.7 billion, marking the 11th straight year in the red. And just coincidentally, it got in the red because Congress, in 2006, re-stricted what the Postal Service could do. Well, it really worked well: 11 years of red ink, putting the Postal Service in insolvency, technically. To address the Postal Service’s financial situa-tion, the Postal Service needs financial relief, not further restrictions. H.R. 6076, the Postal Reform Act of 2018, which I introduced with the gen-tleman from North Carolina, Congress-man M
ARK MEADOWS , on a bipartisan basis, passed the authorizing com-mittee unanimously, and we are hoping to take it to the floor, and that is where it belongs, in an authorization bill, not as a rider on the appropria-tions bill. This bill even addresses issues raised by the gentleman from North Caro-lina’s amendment. Under the Postal Reform Act, the Postal Service would have to limit any new nonpostal prod-ucts and services to only those pro-vided to State, local, and Tribal gov-ernments and Federal agencies. The bill would preserve existing nonpostal products and services. However, this amendment is much more restrictive than that. This amendment includes a blanket prohibi-tion that would prevent the Postal Service from implementing any other recommendations from a May 2015 Postal Service Inspector General Re-port, including improving its existing range of financial services, such as money orders. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, as the designee of Ranking Member LOWEY , I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chair, this amendment, as I said, includes blanket prohibitions that would prevent the Postal Service from implementing the reports and recommendations of the 2015 Postal Service Inspector General Report, including improving its exist-ing range of financial services, such as money orders. I might add, the assertions that have been made that there has been no con-gressional oversight, that is not true. My committee, the Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform Committee, has had numerous hearings on the Postal Serv-ice, numerous briefings with the Post-master General and her predecessor and his predecessor. We have marked up numerous bills. We finally got one we could agree on, and it is pending. That is how this should be done—not piecemeal, not in a way that further constrains and cir-cumscribes the Postal Service that can only lead to more red ink. We are trying to save the Postal Service, which is mandated in the Con-stitution. It has a requirement for uni-versal service that private sector firms do not. And we have allowed some pilot programs to see if they can work. They are not a threat to financial institu-tions. So we are fixing a problem here that does not really exist, and we are going to do real harm to a Postal Service we have already harmed with the 2006 leg-islation Congress passed in a lame- duck session in the name of reform, and it backfired. It blew up, and it has done incalculable damage which we are now trying to repair to the Postal Service. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to re-ject this unwarranted intrusion into the prerogatives of the authorizing committee that is doing its job and has a bipartisan bill that passed our com-mittee unanimously, which is a re-markable statement for the Oversight and Government Reform Committee. We ought not to be legislating on an appropriations bill in this way with re-spect to the Postal Service. It deserves better, our consumers deserve better, Postal Service customers deserve bet-ter, and we can do better. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CHENRY. Mr. Chairman, I in-clude in the R
ECORD a letter from the American Bankers Association, the Credit Union National Association, the Independent Community Bankers of America, and the National Association of Federally Insured Credit Unions in support of this amendment. JULY18, 2018. D
EARCONGRESSMAN PATRICK MCHENRY : On behalf of our organizations and the Ameri-cans we represent, we write to express sup-port of your Amendment to Division B, with-in the Financial Services and General Gov-ernment section of H.R. 6147. This amend-ment would prohibit the use of any taxpayer funds for postal banking and financial serv-ices and prohibit the creation of any new pilot program that would expand this busi-ness practice through collective bargaining. While the USPS serves an important role in delivering mail and packages, we are con-cerned about expanding the Postal Service’s primary role and allowing the government to compete with the private sector. This would include lower fees, subsidized services and even competing based on real estate and of-fice location. Consideration of expanding postal oper-ations to engage in banking and financial services is not a new concept. It has been touted as a solution to help stabilize the US Postal Service’s financial practices. The cost alone to hire additional workers and retrain existing employees to offer banking products would further undermine the Postal Serv-ice’s budgetary issues. Additionally, we have reservations about the ability of the Postal Service to safeguard customers’ identities and information such as bank accounts and passwords. Regardless of the federal agency, the government has shown it can be slow to react to cyber threats, allowing bad actors to access citi-zens’ private records. It is clear the US Postal Service’s financial health is troubling. Expanding USPS’s oper-ations to compete with private sector banks and credit unions is not the answer. We, the undersigned organizations, support your amendment to H.R. 6147 and encourage its inclusion in the final appropriations legisla-tion. Sincerely, Grover G. Norquist, President, Ameri-cans for Tax Reform; Tim Chapman, Executive Director, Heritage Action; Tom Schatz, President, Council for Citizens Against Government Waste; Adam Brandon, President, FreedomWorks; Brandon Arnold, Exec-utive Vice President, National Tax-payers Union; Kevin Kosar, Vice Presi-dent of Policy, R Street Institute; An-drew F. Quinlan, President, Center for Freedom and Prosperity; Iain Murray, Vice President for Strategy and Sr. Fellow, Competitive Enterprise Insti-tute. 
WHO SUPPORTS THE AMENDMENT ? American Bankers Association, Americans for Tax Reform, Center for Freedom and Prosperity, Citizens Against Government Waste, Competitive Enterprise Institute, Credit Union National Association, Freedom Works, Heritage Action, Independent Com-munity Bankers of American, National Asso-ciation of Federally Insured Credit Unions, National Taxpayers Union, R Street Insti-tute. 
Mr. M CHENRY. Mr. Chair, I also in-clude in the R
ECORD a letter on behalf of Americans for Tax Reform, Heritage Action for America, Council for Citi-zens Against Government Waste, FreedomWorks, National Taxpayer Union, R Street, and the Center for Freedom and Prosperity, along with the Competitive Enterprise Institute in support of this amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.194 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6542 July 18, 2018 
JULY17, 2018. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Minority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARSPEAKER RYAN AND MINORITY LEADER  P
ELOSI : On behalf of the members of the American Bankers Association, the Credit Union National Association, the Independent Community Bankers of America, and the Na-tional Association of Federally Insured Cred-it Unions, I write to urge the adoption of Congressman Patrick McHenry’s amendment to the Financial Services and General Gov-ernment (FSGG) appropriations bill to pro-hibit the U.S. Postal Service from providing banking services. Financial institutions are strongly sup-portive of the Postal Service, as one of the largest mailers of any industry group in America. Physical mail remains an impor-tant communications channel for banks and credit unions. Financial institutions of all sizes use the mail to communicate with cur-rent and potential customers, to send state-ments and receive payments, and to market new products and services to their cus-tomers. Financial companies are also a vital revenue source for the Postal Service, gener-ating billions of dollars of annual revenue that supports postal infrastructure. For these reasons, our members are committed to identifying long-term solutions to ensure an efficient, self-sustaining, and affordable U.S. postal system. Postal banking is not one of those solu-tions. Although there have been a number of proposals over the past few years to turn the U.S. Postal Service into the world’s largest shadow banking system, we are very con-cerned that allowing the U.S. Postal Service to provide banking services will be beyond the Postal Service’s core competencies, will raise a number of serious regulatory and consumer protection questions, and will present significant competitive issues for private sector entities. Congress should en-courage the Postal Service to focus on its core business of physical mail delivery, and not be distracted by expanding the mission to businesses outside of the Postal Service’s area of expertise. Most significantly, postal banking does not address the Postal Service’s financial chal-lenges, and may well make them worse. The U.S. Postal Service agrees. The Postal Serv-ice has strongly argued against authority to provide banking services, noting that pro-viding these products would almost certainly cause it to lose money: ‘‘The Postal Service’s mission is to provide the American public with trusted, affordable, universal mail service. Our core function is delivery, not banking . . . Profit margins on these financial services businesses across the industry are very low . . . so even if we achieved $1 billion in revenue and executed well, our cash position would only increase by an estimated $100–200 million, which will not materially change our financial condi-tion—we need to focus on the core delivery business.’’ The Postal Service went on to note that to the extent that more affordable pricing of fi-nancial services is a primary goal of postal banking efforts, ‘‘[m]ore affordable appears to mean at a lower price level than the free market provides today . . . Since established financial services firms make a slim margin on revenue . . . it seems unlikely that there is any significant room to lower prices with-out incurring a loss, and at a minimum, a lower profit margin.’’ No doubt, postal reform is a serious topic that Congress must confront. We encourage Congress to enact legislation that would re-duce costs and increase efficiencies to put the U.S. Postal Service on a sound and sus-tainable financial path over the long run, but the provision of banking services is not an acceptable solution. We look forward to continuing to work with you on postal re-form efforts in the coming months, but urge you to support Congressman McHenry’s amendment to the FSGG appropriations bill to ban the Postal Service from providing banking services when it is on the House Floor this week. Sincerely, American Bankers Association, Credit Union National Association, Independent Community Bankers of America, National Association of Federally Insured Credit Unions. 
Mr. M CHENRY. Mr. Chairman, I sub-mit to you that the Postal Service, as my colleagues across the aisle say, is a constitutional function. It is really im-portant that the Postal Service do its mission of delivering the mail. What we don’t think we should do is give a government bureau, through a nonlegislative means, the right to ex-pand into nonessential services for a part of the government that is bleeding money. An institution that cannot bal-ance its own books should not be get-ting into the offering of credit or the movement of money and funds. While I am in favor of postal reform, and while I support my letter carriers, I do not favor postal banking. I think it is important for this Congress to put a note down that we are in opposition to that, and that is why I urge my col-leagues to vote for this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, as the des-ignee of Ranking Member L
OWEY , I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I would just like to respond to the gentleman. The offer of this amendment should never be on an appropriation bill. This is one of these extraneous riders that belongs in other bills, and it is very damaging to the future of communities across this country, thousands of which lack banking services and financial services of any kind. What we are talking about here is something simple. It is something very simple: a pilot program. We are not saying this is going to happen all over the United States. This gentleman wants to deny the ability of commu-nities to have any kind of normal fi-nancial service where they have been redlined by the very letters that the gentleman just asked to be placed in the R
ECORD . Those very institutions abandoned the communities that we are seeking to serve. I am really disappointed that the gentleman would want people to be subjected to usurious interest rates or to a lack of any kind of financial serv-ice, even paying your electric bill, for heaven’s sake. So, for two reasons, I ask my col-leagues to vote against the gentle-man’s amendment: number one, it doesn’t belong in this bill; and number two, it does a great disservice to the people of this country. They have a right to better service. The Postal Service is coast to coast. It is audited, it is properly staffed, and it is universal. Whether you are poor or whether you are rich in this country, you have a right. You have a right to be treated fairly by the institutions that this Nation manages. Mr. Chair, I want to congratulate those who work for our great Postal Service. I ask that the gentleman’s amendment be defeated, and let us sup-port what is in the Constitution of the United States, which is respect for the Postal Service, coast to coast to every citizen. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from North Carolina. The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from North Carolina will be postponed. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman. The Acting CHAIR. For what purpose does the gentlewoman from Ohio seek recognition? Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, you know, if they would operate these microphones for the Democrats as well as they operate them for the Repub-licans, maybe we could be heard on this floor, and especially for the women Democrats, I might add. The Acting CHAIR. The gentle-woman’s request for a recorded vote has been postponed. Ms. KAPTUR. Thank you. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair, I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair, before we can conclude our debate, I wanted to thank Chairman CALVERT  and Ranking B
ETTY MCCOLLUM of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Subcommittee for their work; and also the Financial Services and General Government Subcommittee Chairman T
OMGRAVES and Ranking Member M
IKEQUIGLEY for the great job they did; and for the men and women behind them that make up the profes-sional and personal staff of the Appro-priations Committee. As of today, all 12 appropriations bills have been released. With the pas-sage of this legislation, the full House will have halfway done all of our bills on the floor. Mr. Chairman, we continue our mo-mentum by passing H.R. 6147. I guess that will be tomorrow, and I urge sup-port of the bill. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:29 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JY7.094 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6543 July 18, 2018 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia). Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in House Report 115–830 on which further pro-ceedings were postponed, in the fol-lowing order: Amendment No. 43 by Mr. M
ULLIN of Oklahoma. Amendment No. 44 by Mr. M
ULLIN of Oklahoma. Amendment No. 46 by Mrs. M
CMORRIS  R
ODGERS of Washington. Amendment No. 48 by Mr. L
AMBORN  of Colorado. Amendment No. 49 by Mr. L
AMBORN  of Colorado. Amendment No. 50 by Mr. G
OODLATTE  of Virginia. Amendment No. 51 by Mr. G
ALLEGO of Arizona. Amendment No. 60 by Mr. P
EARCE of New Mexico. Amendment No. 62 by Mr. P
EARCE of New Mexico. Amendment No. 63 by Mr. G
OSAR of Arizona. Amendment No. 69 by Mr. J
ODY B. H
ICEof Georgia. Amendment No. 70 by Mr. S
MITH of Missouri. Amendment No. 81 by Mr. C
ARBAJAL  of California. Amendment No. 83 by Mr. P
ALMER of Alabama. Amendment No. 84 by Mr. M
EADOWS  of North Carolina. Amendment No. 85 by Mr. R
OTHFUS of Pennsylvania. Amendment No. 87 by Mr. M
CHENRY  of North Carolina. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 43 OFFERED BY MR . MULLIN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. M
ULLIN ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 215, noes 194, not voting 19, as follows: 
[Roll No. 346] AYES—215 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—194 
Adams Barraga´n Beatty Bera Beyer Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Mast Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reichert Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Stefanik Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—19 
Aguilar Bass Black Blackburn Ca´rdenas DeSantis Gaetz Hanabusa Hoyer Paulsen Peters Peterson Rice (NY) Richmond Shea-Porter Shuster Sinema Speier Walz 
b2203 Mr. COFFMAN changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Chair, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 346. Stated against: Mr. AGUILAR. Mr. Chair, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 346. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chair, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 346. Miss RICE of New York. Mr. Chair, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 346. Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Chair, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 346. 
AMENDMENT NO . 44 OFFERED BY MR . MULLIN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. M
ULLIN ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 215, noes 199, not voting 14, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:29 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.198 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6544 July 18, 2018 
[Roll No. 347] AYES—215 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Ross Rothfus Rouzer Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—199 
Adams Aguilar Amodei Barraga´n Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Rice (NY) Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Stefanik Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—14 
Bass Black Blackburn Ca´rdenas DeSantis Gaetz Hanabusa Hoyer Joyce (OH) Peterson Richmond Shuster Speier Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2207 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 56 OFFERED BY MS . MCMORRIS  
RODGERS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. M
CMORRIS RODGERS ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 227, noes 185, not voting 16, as follows: 
[Roll No. 348] AYES—227 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—185 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:29 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JY7.090 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6545 July 18, 2018 
Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—16 
Bass Black Blackburn Ca´rdenas DeSantis Gaetz Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hoyer Peterson Richmond Scott, David Shuster Speier Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2210 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 48 OFFERED BY MR . LAMBORN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AM-
BORN ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 213, noes 202, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 349] AYES—213 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Culberson Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Foxx Frelinghuysen Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—202 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reichert Rice (NY) Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—13 
Bass Black Blackburn Ca´rdenas DeSantis Gaetz Hanabusa Hoyer Peterson Richmond Shuster Speier Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2213 Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California changed her vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 49 OFFERED BY MR . LAMBORN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AM-
BORN ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 213, noes 201, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 350] AYES—213 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:29 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JY7.092 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6546 July 18, 2018 
Conaway Cook Costa Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Foxx Frelinghuysen Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—201 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Mast Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reichert Rice (NY) Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Stefanik Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—14 
Bass Black Blackburn Ca´rdenas DeSantis Gaetz Hanabusa Hoyer Palazzo Peterson Richmond Shuster Speier Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2216 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 50 OFFERED BY MR . GOODLATTE  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OOD-
LATTE ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 213, noes 202, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 351] AYES—213 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Stivers Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—202 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Comstock Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Harris Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Joyce (OH) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:29 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JY7.104 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6547 July 18, 2018 
Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Rice (NY) Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Stefanik Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Wittman Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—13 
Bass Black Blackburn Ca´rdenas DeSantis Gaetz Hanabusa Hoyer Peterson Richmond Shuster Speier Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2219 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 51 OFFERED BY MR . GALLEGO  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
ALLEGO ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 203, noes 212, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 352] AYES—203 
Adams Aguilar Amash Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Rohrabacher Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Stefanik Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—212 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Culberson Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Foxx Frelinghuysen Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—13 
Bass Black Blackburn Ca´rdenas DeSantis Gaetz Hanabusa Hoyer Peterson Richmond Shuster Speier Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2222 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 60 OFFERED BY MR . PEARCE  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. P
EARCE ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 206, noes 209, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 353] AYES—206 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Culberson Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Foxx Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:29 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JY7.101 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6548 July 18, 2018 
King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—209 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Huffman Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Mast Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reichert Rice (NY) Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Stefanik Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—13 
Bass Black Blackburn Ca´rdenas DeSantis Gaetz Hanabusa Hoyer Peterson Richmond Shuster Speier Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2225 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 62 OFFERED BY MR . PEARCE  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. P
EARCE ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 216, noes 199, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 354] AYES—216 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Foxx Frelinghuysen Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—199 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Herrera Beutler Higgins (NY) Himes Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Mast Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Stefanik Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:29 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JY7.071 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6549 July 18, 2018 
Torres Tsongas Upton Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—13 
Bass Black Blackburn Ca´rdenas DeSantis Gaetz Hanabusa Hoyer Peterson Richmond Shuster Speier Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2227 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 63 OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 193, noes 220, not voting 15, as follows: 
[Roll No. 355] AYES—193 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Cook Cramer Culberson Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Foxx Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McKinley McMorris Rodgers Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Posey Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—220 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Beatty Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Comstock Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Herrera Beutler Higgins (NY) Himes Huffman Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reichert Rice (NY) Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Stefanik Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—15 
Bass Black Blackburn Ca´rdenas Crawford DeSantis Gaetz Hanabusa Hoyer Peterson Richmond Shuster Speier Tipton Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2231 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 69 OFFERED BY MR . JODY B . 
HICE OF GEORGIA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
ODY B. H
ICE) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 174, noes 240, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 356] AYES—174 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Arrington Babin Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Budd Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Collins (GA) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Culberson Curtis Davidson DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Luetkemeyer Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers Meadows Messer Mitchell Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Renacci Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ross Rothfus Rouzer Russell Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:29 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JY7.076 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6550 July 18, 2018 
Sessions Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Thompson (PA) Thornberry Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—240 
Adams Aguilar Amodei Bacon Barraga´n Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Herrera Beutler Higgins (NY) Himes Hollingsworth Huffman Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Moolenaar Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Roby Rogers (KY) Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Stefanik Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walden Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Womack Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—14 
Bass Black Blackburn Ca´rdenas DeSantis Gaetz Hanabusa Hoyer Nolan Peterson Richmond Shuster Speier Walz ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2233 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 70 OFFERED BY MR . SMITH OF  
MISSOURI  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. S
MITH) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 215, noes 199, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 357] AYES—215 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Culberson Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) NOES—199 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Stefanik Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—14 
Bass Black Blackburn Brady (TX) Ca´rdenas DeSantis Gaetz Hanabusa Hoyer Peterson Richmond Shuster Speier Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:29 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JY7.077 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6551 July 18, 2018 
b2236 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 81 OFFERED BY MR . CARBAJAL  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ARBAJAL ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 190, noes 224, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 358] AYES—190 
Adams Aguilar Bacon Barraga´n Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Comer Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Harris Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—224 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—14 
Bass Black Blackburn Brady (TX) Ca´rdenas DeSantis Gaetz Hanabusa Hoyer Peterson Richmond Shuster Speier Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2239 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. AMENDMENT NO . 83 OFFERED BY MR . PALMER  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. P
ALMER ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 226, noes 189, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 359] AYES—226 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:29 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.221 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6552 July 18, 2018 
Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—189 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Rohrabacher Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—13 
Bass Black Blackburn Ca´rdenas DeSantis Gaetz Hanabusa Hoyer Peterson Richmond Shuster Speier Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2243 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 84 OFFERED BY MR . MEADOWS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. M
EADOWS ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 223, noes 192, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 360] AYES—223 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—192 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Rice (NY) Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Stefanik Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—13 
Bass Black Blackburn Ca´rdenas DeSantis Gaetz Hanabusa Hoyer Peterson Richmond Shuster Speier Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2246 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 85 OFFERED BY MR . ROTHFUS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:29 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JY7.084 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6553 July 18, 2018 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 231, noes 184, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 361] AYES—231 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—184 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—13 
Bass Black Blackburn Ca´rdenas DeSantis Gaetz Hanabusa Hoyer Peterson Richmond Shuster Speier Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2248 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 87 OFFERED BY MR . MCHENRY  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. M
CHENRY ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 201, noes 212, not voting 15, as follows: [Roll No. 362] AYES—201 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cramer Crawford Culberson Curtis Davidson DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Foxx Frelinghuysen Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson, Sam Jordan Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers McSally Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Upton Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—212 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:29 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.228 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6554 July 18, 2018 
Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Mast Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McNerney Meadows Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Stefanik Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) 
NOT VOTING—15 
Amodei Bass Black Blackburn Ca´rdenas DeSantis Gaetz Hanabusa Hoyer Peterson Richmond Shuster Sinema Speier Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2252 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated against: Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Chair, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 362. The Acting CHAIR. There being no further amendments, under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. C
UR-
TIS) having assumed the chair, Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consider-ation the bill (H.R. 6147) making appro-priations for the Department of the In-terior, environment, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 996, he reported the bill, as amended by that resolution, back to the House with sundry further amendments adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is or-dered. Is a separate vote demanded on any further amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the Chair will put them en gros. The amendments were agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 1(c) of rule XIX, further consideration of H.R. 6147 is postponed. f 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW Mr. M
ACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. 
f 
TAX REFORM (Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to rise today to speak to the success in Louisiana’s Fourth Congressional District that we have seen since the implementation of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Every skeptic, even the early skep-tics of tax reform, saw near immediate benefits when the IRS adjusted their withholding tables and it resulted in bigger paychecks for more than 90 per-cent of Americans. Now we are 7 months out, and after the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, the results are undeniable. Nearly every economic indicator, whether you are talking about the un-employment rate or wages or job cre-ation, is showing record growth; and because of this tax reform, more than 1 million jobs have already been created and more than 4 million Americans have received increased wages or bo-nuses. The average tax cut in Louisiana for a family of four was more than $1,700. That is not crumbs. That is real money for the people in my district, and it provides them with greater flexibility to save for the future. Real benefits for real people, that is what tax reform delivered. I look for-ward to many more success stories be-cause of this historic legislation. 
f 
HONORING COMMISSIONER ROY CHARLES BROOKS (Mr. VEASEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to join my fellow Texans in hon-oring Tarrant County Commissioner Roy Charles Brooks for a tremendous year of leadership as president of the National Association of Counties. For over 30 years, Commissioner Brooks has fought for underserved communities across Tarrant County. As a community volunteer, a city elected official, and county commis-sioner, his integrity, innovation, and fervor to help others has touched gen-erations of Texans. He has taken on issues such as healthcare for the homeless, infant mortality, obesity, criminal justice re-form, mental health, and AIDS edu-cation; and this past year, he worked tirelessly to bring awareness to his presidential initiative Serving the Un-derserved: Counties Addressing Pov-erty. The project has pushed over 3,000 counties to look at the role they play in alleviating poverty and to develop best practices to address vital societal needs, especially as pertain to early childhood development. Through his work, he has created a community family that supports and lifts each other up, building hope and faith across Tarrant County. I honor his lifetime of work and his dedication to advocating for the toughest issues that our communities face. f 
b2300 CONGRATULATING THE NEVADA COUNTY FARM BUREAU (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend and note Nevada County Farm Bureau in my district in northern California that is celebrating this weekend their 100th anniversary of existence in Nevada County, helping farmers and ranchers with the very di-verse types of crops they have, not like in the flatlands, but nestled in the foothills and the mountains of Nevada County. They have different crops: hay crops, tree crops, even a level of forestry that they are all involved with there. The Farm Bureau has been a leader a long time in helping those folks to navigate regulations, ideas for better propaga-tion of their crops, and just a better way to do things in the community. We appreciate their leadership and all of their memberships to help make farming strong. Congratulations to the Nevada Coun-ty Farm Bureau on 100 years of helping their members in Nevada County. 
f 
PRESIDENT TRUMP’S COMMENTS AT HELSINKI (Ms. SHEA-PORTER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. SHEA-PORTER. Mr. Speaker, I would like to share an editorial from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:29 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JY7.091 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6555 July 18, 2018 
the Union Leader, New Hampshire’s statewide newspaper. 
People who thought a weak and dying Roo-sevelt gave away too much to the Russians at Yalta in World War II may want to recon-sider. Compared to the pathetic, boot-licking performance of President Trump in Helsinki this week, FDR had his A-game going against Joseph Stalin. Republicans who are now, finally, trying to distance themselves from Trump have no one to blame but themselves. They kept silent as Trump has disgraced and demeaned the of-fice, damaged our relations with loyal allies, and repeatedly attempted to destroy a free press. But when an American President openly sides with a Russian KGB thug against our own country, these politicians sense that the ‘optics’ don’t look so good and might threat-en their power and perks in midterm elec-tions. Trump, of course, is now trying to walk things back, but even his hard-core sup-porters must wince at how he tries to worm his way out of his nauseating Helsinki brownnosing of the dictator Putin. But the Republican Party isn’t Trump’s hardcore faithful; and if the party doesn’t clearly denounce this shameful and disgrace-ful performance, it is going to find itself with no credibility and no hope for years to come. 
That is the end of the editorial. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. 
f 
GUN LEGISLATION (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, last school year was a deadly year for so many of our children going to school in America. School shootings shocked the very core of Americans and com-munities across the country. As we approach the beginning of school, this Congress has passed no gun safety legislation, no universal back-ground check, no banning of assault weapons, no holding parents respon-sible for children getting guns. Although I understand that there are many discussions about school secu-rity, the proliferation of guns is one of the issues that contributes to the dan-gers that our children face. We know that the Second Amend-ment guarantees the right to bear arms, but there is nothing in the Sec-ond Amendment that does not allow us to have sensible gun safety legislation. It is time for us to recognize that a Nation that has more guns than citi-zens can stand down in order to provide a safe educational climate for our chil-dren. Are they not our most precious re-source? It is time to act now. 
f 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: H.R. 6042. An act to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to delay the reduction in Federal medical assistance percentage for Medicaid personal care services furnished without an electronic visit verification sys-tem, and for other purposes. f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to enrolled bills of the Senate of the following titles: 
S. 490. An act to reinstate and extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project involving the Gib-son Dam. S. 931. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4910 Brighton Boulevard in Denver, Colorado, as the ‘‘George Sakato Post Office’’. S. 2692. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4558 Broadway in New York, New York, as the ‘‘Stanley Michels Post Office Building’’. S. 2734. An act to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse lo-cated at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 11 o’clock and 3 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, July 19, 2018, at 9 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
5665. A letter from the Director, Office of Management and Budget, Executive Office of the President, transmitting the July, 2018 monthly cumulative report on rescissions, pursuant to 2 U.S.C. 685(e); Public Law 93-344, Sec. 1014(e); (88 Stat. 335); to the Committee on Appropriations. 5666. A letter from the Under Secretary, Personnel and Readiness, Department of De-fense, transmitting a letter authorizing Colonel Christopher J. Niemi, United States Air Force, to wear the insignia of the grade of brigadier general, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 777(b)(3)(B); Public Law 104-106, Sec. 503(a)(1) (as added by Public Law 108-136, Sec. 509(a)(3)); (117 Stat. 1458); to the Committee on Armed Services. 5667. A letter from the Under Secretary, Personnel and Readiness, Department of De-fense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Gina M. Grosso, United States Air Force, and her ad-vancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96-513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104-106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 5668. A letter from the General Counsel, National Credit Union Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Involuntary Liquidation of Federal Credit Unions and Claims Procedures (RIN: 3133- AE82) received July 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 5669. A letter from the Deputy Assistant General Counsel for the Division of Regu-latory Services, Office of the Chief Privacy Officer, Department of Education, transmit-ting the Department’s significant guidance — Technical Assistance on Student Privacy for State and Local Educational Agencies When Administering College Admissions Ex-aminations received July 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 5670. A letter from the Deputy Assistant General Counsel for the Division of Regu-latory Services, Office of Special Education and Rehabilitation, Department of Edu-cation, transmitting the Department’s final regulations — Assistance to States for the Education of Children with Disabilities; Pre-school Grants for Children with Disabilities [Docket ID: ED-2017-OSERS-0128] (RIN: 1820- AB77) received July 9, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 5671. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel, Regulatory Affairs Division, Office of the General Counsel, Consumer Product Safety Commission, transmitting the Com-mission’s final rule — Children’s Products, Children’s Toys, and Child Care Articles: De-terminations Regarding Lead, ASTM F963 Elements, and Phthalates for Engineered Wood Products [Docket No.: CPSC-2017-0038] received July 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5672. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Office of the General Counsel, Consumer Product Safety Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Safety Standard for Baby Changing Products [Docket No.: CPSC-2016- 0023] received July 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 5673. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting certification regarding the essential health benefit re-quirements under section 1302(b)(2) of the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5674. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Pyroxsulam; Pesticide Tol-erances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2017-0227; FRL-9978-15] received July 9, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5675. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval of California Air Plan Revisions, Yolo-Solano Air Quality Management District [EPA-R09-OAR-2018- 0104; FRL-9980-43-Region 9] received July 9, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5676. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of State Implementation Plan Revisions; Colorado; Attainment Demonstration for the 2008 8-Hour Ozone Standard for the Denver Metro/North Front Range Nonattainment Area, and Approval of Related Revisions [EPA-R08-OAR-2017-0567; FRL-9979-64-Region 8] received July 9, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:29 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY7.234 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6556 July 18, 2018 
5677. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; West Virginia; Revised Motor Vehicle Emission Budgets for the Charleston, Huntington, Par-kersburg, Weirton, and Wheeling 8-Hour Ozone Maintenance Areas; Correction [EPA- R03-OAR-2011-0511; FRL-9980-36-Region 3] re-ceived July 9, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5678. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Dela-ware; Interstate Transport Requirements for the 2012 Fine Particulate Matter Standard [EPA-R03-OAR-2017-0152; FRL-9980-62-Region 3] received July 9, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5679. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; AL; Sec-tion 128 Board Requirements for Infrastruc-ture SIPs [EPA-R04-OAR-2017-0642; FRL-9980- 50-Region 4] received July 9, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5680. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Treasury, transmitting a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to Lebanon that was declared in Executive Order 13441 of August 1, 2007, pur-suant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5681. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting the CY 2017 report on the Employment of United States Citizens in Certain International Organiza-tions, pursuant to 22 U.S.C276c-4; Public Law 102-138, Sec. 181 (as amended by Public Law 114-323, Sec. 308); (130 Stat. 1923); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 5682. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. 18-03, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 5683. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. 18-24, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 5684. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. 18-0A, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(b)(5)(C) of the Arms Export Con-trol Act, as amended; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5685. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. 18-0D, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(b)(5)(C) of the Arms Export Con-trol Act, as amended; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5686. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17-132, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5687. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting DC Act 22-397, ‘‘Fiscal Year 2019 Local Budget Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5688. A letter from the Executive Analyst (Political), Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a notification of a nomination and action on nomination, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105- 277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 5689. A letter from the Deputy General Counsel for Operations, Department of Hous-ing and Urban Development, transmitting three notifications of a nomination, action on nomination, change in previously sub-mitted reported information, or discontinu-ation of service in acting role, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 5690. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Atlantic Bluefin Tuna Fisheries [Docket No.: 150121066-5717-02] (RIN: 0648- XF890) received July 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 5691. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Bluefish Fishery; Quota Transfer [Docket No.: 151130999-6594-02] (RIN: 0648-XF807) received July 5, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 5692. A letter from the Assistant Attorney General, Department of Justice, transmit-ting a report titled, ‘‘Debt Collection Recov-ery Activities of the Department of Justice for Civil Debts Referred for Collection An-nual Report for Fiscal Year 2017’’, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3718(c); Public Law 97-452, Sec. 1(16)(A) (as amended by Public Law 99-578, Sec. 1(4)); (100 Stat. 3305); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 5693. A letter from the Regulations Officer, FHWA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Addition to the National Network [FHWA Docket No.: FHWA-2018-0016] (RIN: 2125- AF82) received July 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5694. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report to Congress con-cerning emigration laws and policies of Azer-baijan, Kazakhstan, Tajikistan, and Uzbek-istan, pursuant to 19 U.S.C. 2432(b); Public Law 93-618, Sec. 402(b); (88 Stat. 2056) and 19 U.S.C. 2439(b); Public Law 93-618, Sec. 409(b); (88 Stat. 2064); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 5695. A letter from the Federal Register Li-aison Officer, Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Establishment of the Dahlonega Plateau Viticultural Area [Docket No.: TTB-2016- 0012; T.D. TTB-151; Ref: Notice No. 166] (RIN: 1513-AC33) received July 11, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. House Resolution 982. A resolu-tion of inquiry requesting the President, and directing the Secretary of Health and Human Services, to transmit, respectively, certain information to the House of Representatives referring to the separation of children from their parents or guardians as a result of the President’s ‘‘zero tolerance’’ policy (Rept. 114–835). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 2345. A bill to require the Federal Communications Commission to study the feasibility of designating a simple, easy-to-remember dialing code to be used for a national suicide prevention and mental health crisis hotline system; with an amend-ment (Rept. 115–836). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 4881. A bill to require the Federal Communications Commission to es-tablish a task force for meeting the connectivity and technology needs of preci-sion agriculture in the United States; with amendments (Rept. 114–837). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 3916. A bill to amend the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to vest in the Secretary of the Interior functions under that Act with respect to species of fish that spawn in fresh or estuarine waters and mi-grate to ocean waters, and species of fish that spawn in ocean waters and migrate to fresh waters; with an amendment (Rept. 115– 838). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 577. A bill to designate a peak in the State of Nevada as Maude Frazier Mountain (Rept. 115–839). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 3045. A bill to amend the National Trails System Act to extend the Lewis and Clark National Historic Trail, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–840). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 3994. A bill to establish the Office and for other purpose; with an amend-ment (Rept. 115–841). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 4606. A bill to provide that applications under the Natural Gas Act for the importation or exportation of small vol-umes of natural gas shall be granted without modification or delay, with an amendment (Rept. 115–842). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 5709. A bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to provide for enhanced penalties for pirate radio, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–843). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L18JY7.000 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6557 July 18, 2018 
By Mr. D EFAZIO: H.R. 6414. A bill to amend title 23, United States Code, to extend the deadline for pro-mulgation of regulations under the tribal transportation self-governance program; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. By Mr. FERGUSON: H.R. 6415. A bill to provide for border secu-rity, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security, and in addi-tion to the Committees on the Judiciary, Transportation and Infrastructure, Over-sight and Government Reform, Foreign Af-fairs, Agriculture, Armed Services, Natural Resources, the Budget, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for him-self and Mr. P
AYNE ): H.R. 6416. A bill to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to direct the Federal Com-munications Commission, upon the request of a very high frequency commercial tele-vision broadcast station that has relocated to an underserved State, to provide that the virtual major channel number of such sta-tion shall be considered to be the same as the radio frequency channel number of such station; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. GOODLATTE (for himself, Mr. P
ETERSON , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. C
UELLAR , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. C ON-
AWAY , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. W ALKER , Mr. A
BRAHAM , Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. B
ARR, Mr. B UCK, Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. C
HABOT , Mr. C OLE, Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. C
OMER , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. C
RAWFORD , Mr. C URTIS , Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Mr. D UFFY , Mr. D UNN, Mr. E
STES of Kansas, Mr. F ASO, Mr. G
ALLAGHER , Mr. H ARRIS , Ms. J ENKINS  of Kansas, Mr. J
ONES , Mr. L UCAS , Mr. M
ARINO , Mr. M ARSHALL , Mr. N UNES , Mr. R
EED, Mr. R OSS, Mr. R OUZER , Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. S
TEFANIK , Mr. S TIVERS , Ms. T ENNEY , Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. T
HORNBERRY , Mr. U PTON , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. K
ATKO , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illi-nois, Mr. H
IGGINS of Louisiana, and Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia): H.R. 6417. A bill to create a nonimmigrant H-2C work visa program for agricultural workers, to make mandatory and permanent requirements relating to use of an electronic employment eligibility verification system, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Com-mittees on Education and the Workforce, Ways and Means, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. ESTY of Connecticut: H.R. 6418. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to conduct a study regard-ing the accessibility of websites of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs to individuals with disabilities; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Ms. ESTY of Connecticut: H.R. 6419. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to extend increased dependency and indemnity compensation paid to sur-viving spouses of veterans who die from amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, regardless of how long the veterans had such disease prior to death; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. By Mr. LAMB: H.R. 6420. A bill to permit the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to establish a grant pro-gram to conduct cemetery research and produce educational materials for the Vet-erans Legacy Program; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. SESSIONS (for himself, Mr. BISHOP of Georgia, Mr. U PTON , and Mr. B
ILIRAKIS ): H.R. 6421. A bill to advance treatment and cures for blindness and other retinal condi-tions and to promote competitiveness in the United States through a pilot program to in-crease funding for translational research, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. KINZINGER (for himself, Mr. C
RAMER , Mr. L ONG, and Mr. G UTHRIE ): H.R. 6422. A bill to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to require the Federal Com-munications Commission to publish on the website of the Commission documents to be voted on by the Commission; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. COHEN: H.R. 6423. A bill to impose sanctions with respect to certain Russian financial institu-tions; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. COLLINS of New York (for him-self, Ms. E
SHOO , and Mr. L ANCE ): H.R. 6424. A bill to amend the Wireless Communications and Public Safety Act of 1999, to clarify acceptable 9-1-1 obligations or expenditures, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mrs. DAVIS of California (for her-self and Mr. G
UTHRIE ): H.R. 6425. A bill to provide grants to State- recognized or federally recognized appren-ticeship programs to support the expansion, awareness, and prestige of such programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. ESPAILLAT: H.R. 6426. A bill to provide for measures to strengthen dialogue with the Russian people and support Russian civil society, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, and Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Ms. GABBARD (for herself and Ms. H
ANABUSA ): H.R. 6427. A bill to improve oversight by the Federal Communications Commission of the wireless and broadcast emergency alert systems; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. GOTTHEIMER (for himself, Mr. N
ORCROSS , Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. M AC- A
RTHUR , Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. P
ALLONE , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. S IRES, Mr. P
ASCRELL , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN , and Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN ): H.R. 6428. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 332 Ramapo Valley Road in Oakland, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Frank Leone Post Office’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. By Mr. HUFFMAN (for himself, Mr. J
EFFRIES , and Mr. J OHNSON of Geor-gia): H.R. 6429. A bill to amend the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 to authorize candidates in a presidential election campaign to request a security clearance; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select), for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. KING of New York (for himself, Mr. PERRY , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. C
ORREA , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mis-sissippi, Mr. M
CCAUL, and Mr. P
AYNE ): H.R. 6430. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to implement certain requirements for information relat-ing to supply chain risk, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity. By Mr. LEVIN (for himself, Mr. N
EAL, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Ms. J
UDY CHUof California, Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, and Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia): H.R. 6431. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for certain re-forms with respect to medicare supplemental health insurance policies; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. M
CEACHIN (for himself, Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI , Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. C AR-
SON of Indiana, Mrs. W ATSON COLE-
MAN, Mr. E VANS , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Mr. P AYNE , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, and Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois): H.R. 6432. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to reduce the applicable percentage under the premium assistance tax credit for households with young adults; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. NOLAN (for himself and Mr. G
ALLAGHER ): H.R. 6433. A bill to amend the Federal Elec-tion Campaign Act of 1971 to prohibit Con-gressional candidates and Members of Con-gress from soliciting campaign funds on any day on which the House of Congress in which the candidate seeks election or the Member serves is in session; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. PALLONE: H.R. 6434. A bill to amend section 7 of Pub-lic Law 100-515 (16 U.S.C. 1244 note) to pro-mote continued use of the James J. Howard Marine Sciences Laboratory at Gateway Na-tional Recreation Area by the National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. RASKIN (for himself, Mr. H
OYER , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. C
UMMINGS , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, and Ms. M ENG): H.R. 6435. A bill to amend the Help Amer-ica Vote Act of 2002 to prohibit States from entering into agreements with vendors for the provision, support, or maintenance of election systems if the vendors are owned or controlled by persons who are not citizens, nationals, or permanent residents of the United States or do not meet cybersecurity best practices, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. By Miss RICE of New York: H.R. 6436. A bill to direct the Director of National Intelligence to submit to State election officials and Congress annual re-ports on pre-election threats for general elections for Federal office; to the Com-mittee on Intelligence (Permanent Select). By Mr. NOLAN (for himself and Mr. G
ALLAGHER ): H. Res. 1003. A resolution prohibiting Mem-bers of the House of Representatives from so-liciting campaign funds on any day on which 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:29 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L18JY7.100 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6558 July 18, 2018 
the House is in session; to the Committee on Ethics. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. D EFAZIO: H.R. 6414. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1, Clause 3, and Clause 18 of the Constitution. By Mr. FERGUSON: H.R. 6415. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, To make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval forces By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: H.R. 6416. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Con-stitution By Mr. GOODLATTE: H.R. 6417. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to clause 4 of section 8 of Ar-ticle I of the Constitution of the United States which gives Congress the authority to establish a uniform Rule of Naturalization. By Ms. ESTY of Connecticut: H.R. 6418. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. ESTY of Connecticut: H.R. 6419. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article l, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. LAMB: H.R. 6420. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 By Mr. SESSIONS: H.R. 6421. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 Interstate Commerce By Mr. KINZINGER: H.R. 6422. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes;’’ and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mr. COHEN: H.R. 6423. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. COLLINS of New York: H.R. 6424. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mrs. DAVIS of California: H.R. 6425. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. ESPAILLAT: H.R. 6426. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article One of the United States Constitu-tion, section 8, clause 18: The Congress shall have Power—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof or Article One of the United States Constitu-tion, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have Power—To regu-late Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian tribes; By Ms. GABBARD: H.R. 6427. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The U.S. Constitution including Article 1, Section 8. By Mr. GOTTHEIMER: H.R. 6428. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 7 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. HUFFMAN: H.R. 6429. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. KING of New York: H.R. 6430. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 8: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. LEVIN: H.R. 6431. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. M
CEACHIN: H.R. 6432. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. NOLAN: H.R. 6433. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. PALLONE: H.R. 6434. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. RASKIN: H.R. 6435. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, of the U.S. Constitu-tion By Miss RICE of New York: H.R. 6436. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 395: Mr. C URTIS . H.R. 490: Mr. C
LOUD . H.R. 508: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 559: Mr. G
OHMERT . H.R. 671: Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , and Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland. H.R. 750: Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 754: Mr. H
UFFMAN , Mr. B OST, Mr. W
ESTERMAN , Mr. B RAT, Mr. K HANNA , Mr. G
ROTHMAN , Mr. L YNCH , and Ms. M AXINE  W
ATERS of California. H.R. 785: Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 930: Mr. V
ISCLOSKY , Mr. H OLLINGS -
WORTH , and Ms. B ORDALLO . H.R. 1102: Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 1143: Mr. C
LEAVER . H.R. 1171: Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida. H.R. 1201: Mr. S
CHWEIKERT , Mr. G OODLATTE , and Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.R. 1270: Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1316: Mr. K
HANNA , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. P
OSEY , and Ms. C LARKE of New York. H.R. 1439: Mr. O’R
OURKE . H.R. 1511: Mr. H
ILL. H.R. 1542: Ms. M
CCOLLUM and Mr. S TIVERS . H.R. 1552: Mrs. L
ESKO . H.R. 1565: Mr. H
ARRIS . H.R. 1838: Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida. H.R. 1874: Mr. H
ULTGREN and Mr. B LU-
MENAUER . H.R. 1896: Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida. H.R. 1897: Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida. H.R. 1960: Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 2060: Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 2345: Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia and Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida. H.R. 2472: Ms. H
ANABUSA , Ms. B ASS, and Mrs. D
INGELL . H.R. 2598: Mr. S
HERMAN . H.R. 2633: Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, and Mr. C APUANO . H.R. 2735: Ms. D
EGETTE . H.R. 2840: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 2946: Mr. L
AMBORN . H.R. 2953: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 3138: Mr. M
OOLENAAR . H.R. 3348: Mr. F
ORTENBERRY . H.R. 3709: Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 3728: Mr. W
ALDEN . H.R. 3790: Mr. E
MMER . H.R. 3827: Mr. E
LLISON . H.R. 4099: Mr. H
ULTGREN and Mr. B RAT. H.R. 4215: Mr. M
ARCHANT . H.R. 4338: Mr. L
AMALFA . H.R. 4345: Mr. Y
ARMUTH . H.R. 4473: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 4556: Ms. L
OFGREN and Mrs. M URPHY of Florida. H.R. 4732: Mr. S
AMJOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 4765: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois. H.R. 4846: Mrs. W
AGNER . H.R. 4886: Mrs. L
ESKO . H.R. 4912: Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER . H.R. 4915: Mr. W
EBER of Texas. H.R. 5107: Mr. R
OUZER . H.R. 5121: Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida. H.R. 5129: Mr. L
ONGand Mr. R OKITA . H.R. 5145: Mr. E
SPAILLAT . H.R. 5153: Mr. K
USTOFF of Tennessee. H.R. 5158: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 5187: Mr. R
OUZER . H.R. 5241: Mr. B
LUMENAUER and Mr. Q
UIGLEY . H.R. 5358: Mr. W
ITTMAN and Mr. L OEBSACK . H.R. 5383: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 5471: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 5476: Ms. D
ELBENE. H.R. 5507: Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 5508: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 5561: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 5564: Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-ico. H.R. 5573: Ms. P
INGREE . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:29 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L18JY7.100 H18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6559 July 18, 2018 
H.R. 5632: Mr. C OHEN . H.R. 5648: Mr. B
IGGS. H.R. 5757: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H.R. 5855: Mr. W
ITTMAN . H.R. 5856: Mr. G
IANFORTE . H.R. 5899: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York, Ms. S
TEFANIK , and Ms. T ENNEY . H.R. 6014: Mr. M
ARSHALL , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. H
ULTGREN , Mr. S IMPSON , and Mr. R OSKAM . H.R. 6026: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 6068: Mr. A
BRAHAM . H.R. 6086: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania and Mr. S
ERRANO . H.R. 6108: Mr. F
ASO. H.R. 6156: Mr. H
UNTER and Mr. M OULTON . H.R. 6179: Mr. W
ILLIAMS . H.R. 6193: Mrs. D
INGELL . H.R. 6230: Mr. C
ICILLINE and Mrs. B EATTY . H.R. 6246: Mr. L
OWENTHAL and Mr. S IRES. H.R. 6287: Mr. E
NGEL , Mr. S EAN PATRICK  M
ALONEY of New York, Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. R
OHRABACHER , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. CA´RDENAS , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. S
IRES, Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. R OYCE  of California, Mr. S
HUSTER , Mr. C ROWLEY , and Mr. Z
ELDIN . H.R. 6330: Mr. C
OMER . H.R. 6336: Ms. A
DAMS . H.R. 6351: Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 6398: Mr. L
IPINSKI . H.R. 6400: Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. L
AMBORN , and Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina. H.R. 6409: Mr. R
OUZER and Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan. H.J. Res. 61: Mrs. L
ESKO . H. Con. Res. 72: Mr. J
ONES and Ms. M AXINE  W
ATERS of California. H. Res. 455: Mr. C
LEAVER , Mr. M CEACHIN , Mr. M
EEKS , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Ms. S EWELL of Ala- bama, Ms. B
ASS, Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illi- nois, Mr. S
HERMAN , and Mr. B ROWN of Mary- land. H. Res. 745: Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Ms. T ITUS, Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, and Mr. C ICILLINE . H. Res. 749: Ms. KAPTUR . H. Res. 776: Mr. S
CHIFF and Mr. T EDLIEUof California. H. Res. 795: Mr. D
UNN. H. Res. 864: Mr. F
LEISCHMANN . H. Res. 869: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H. Res. 930: Mr. P
ASCRELL . H. Res. 931: Mr. P
OEof Texas and Ms. T
ITUS. H. Res. 975: Ms. G
ABBARD . H. Res. 990: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York, Mr. N
EWHOUSE , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, and Mr. K
INZINGER . H. Res. 993: Mrs. B
USTOS , Mr. S OTO, Mr. L
OBIONDO , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania, Mr. L
ANCE , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. T HOMPSON of Cali- fornia, Mr. H
IGGINS of New York, Ms. N OR-
TON, and Ms. M OORE . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:29 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JY7.079 H18JYPT1
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S5027 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, JULY 18, 2018 No. 121 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal God, who has been the hope and joy of many generations, thank You for giving us the power to seek You. We praise You for Your promise that those who keep on seeking will find what they seek. Inspire our law-makers to seek Your wisdom in order to be guided by Your loving providence. Lord, give them a clearer vision of Your truth, a great faith in Your might, and a deeper assurance of Your love. Teach them to labor and not to ask for any reward except that of knowing they are doing Your will. We pray in Your loving Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to resume consideration of the following nomina-tion, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Andrew S. Oldham, of Texas, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the time until 2 p.m. will be equally divided in the usual form. RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER  
The majority leader is recognized. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, this week the Senate continues to confirm impressive nominees whom President Trump has asked to serve our country. We have confirmed two Assistant Sec-retaries to the Department of Edu-cation, Scott Stump and James Blew. We have confirmed a member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Re-serve, Randal Quarles. Now we will turn to the judiciary and consider nominees to the Fifth Circuit and Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals. First is Andrew Oldham of Texas, the President’s choice for the Fifth Circuit. Mr. Oldham has impressed the legal community in his years of public serv-ice, most recently as general counsel to the Governor of Texas. Mr. Oldham has degrees from the University of Virginia, Cambridge, and Harvard Law. He clerked on both the DC Circuit Court and the Supreme Court. He carries the highest possible rating from the American Bar Associa-tion, ‘‘unanimously well-qualified.’’ He comes highly recommended by peers and colleagues from across the political spectrum. Judith Zaffirini is a Texas State senator. She is a Demo-crat. She wrote the Judiciary Com-mittee to support Mr. Oldham’s nomi-nation ‘‘confidently, enthusiastically, and without reservation.’’ She and the nominee have worked together on a number of important subjects. Through them all, she explains, ‘‘Mr. Oldham re-flected the ideal qualities of a judge . . . open-minded, fair . . . thoughtful and analytical.’’ Lisa Blatt is a skilled litigator who argues frequently before the Supreme Court. She is also a Democrat. She wrote the committee too. Her letter de-scribes Mr. Oldham as ‘‘a great lis-tener’’ with ‘‘a brilliant legal mind, [and] a wonderful sense of humor and collegiality.’’ Her conclusion? He would ‘‘make a superb judge.’’ What about Mr. Oldham’s own words? If confirmed, he explained to our col-leagues during his hearing, he will ‘‘up-hold the rights of all litigants—big or little—equally, and apply the law to all fairly.’’ He understands his responsibility, clearly. I look forward to confirming this nominee, and I urge each of our colleagues to join me. 
ECONOMIC GROWTH  
Mr. President, on another matter, it has been a year and a half since Repub-lican majorities took their seats in Congress and a Republican President was sworn in. In 2016, the American people made it clear it was time to try something new. They were tired of a so-called recovery that focused over-whelmingly on big, wealthy metropoli-tan areas. They had seen enough of tax hikes and top-down regulations that held their communities back. They turned to Republicans to deliver a pro- growth, pro-opportunity agenda to cre-ate better conditions for working fami-lies, job creators, and entrepreneurs to rise together. Eighteen months later, the results could not be clearer. Today, more peo-ple say it is a good time to find a job than at almost any point since the turn of the millennium. U.S. manufacturers are more confident than ever about the future of their businesses. Here is a story from yesterday’s Fi-nancial Times: ‘‘US retail sales rise for fifth straight month in June.’’ This is a good sign for Americans all across the board. It shows our economy is healthy. It shows that families feel they have enough breathing room to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JY6.000 S18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5028 July 18, 2018 
make purchases, which of course then benefit the companies and workers who produce what they are buying. Of course, it is especially good for the 42 million Americans whose jobs are sup-ported by the retail industry. According to industry data, more than 6 in 10 Americans work in retail at some point in their career, so this continued prosperity is really signifi-cant. There is little question that tax reform is to thank for a significant portion of this progress. For one thing, our middle-class tax cuts are directly boosting families’ dis-cretionary income. As the Wall Street Journal reported this week, ‘‘many households are experiencing less with-holding from their paychecks thanks to the tax overhaul.’’ Analysts also point to the business side of tax reform, which is letting more U.S. employers expand and hire. That means more jobs for American workers, which means more income for American families, which means more money in the cash registers of Amer-ican small businesses. The virtuous cycle goes on. The American people and most fair observers are marveling at what our economy is delivering to workers and middle-class families, but I am starting to think our Democratic colleagues may have forgotten what a successful economic agenda looks like because even in the face of headline after head-line and testimony after testimony from job creators we represent, they try to brush off this impressive growth as nothing serious, and they advocate for repealing or undoing the Repub-lican policies that are helping to make it happen. Fortunately, Republicans know full well how to cut taxes, trim back regu-lations, and get Washington out of the American people’s way. It is just what we have done. It is just what we will continue to do. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
TRUMP -PUTIN SUMMIT  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, yes-terday, President Trump went through a walk back. President Trump’s walk back performance was pathetic. It was weak, insincere, and thoroughly uncon-vincing. The President read a scripted clarification yesterday like he was in a hostage situation. All you had to do was look at his face. He couldn’t even fully commit to it, adding off-the-cuff that other people could also be respon-sible for election interference in 2016. That is hardly a walk back, and it was concerning only one particular com-ment. The President did not address his lavish praise for Vladimir Putin in Helsinki. Is he going to walk that back? He blamed both countries—the United States and Russia—for the sour relations between us. Is he going to walk that back? He said U.S. stupidity and foolishness, not Russian aggres-sion, was the reason our relationship with Russia was so bad. Is he going to walk that back? He did not address his brazen attacks on the FBI while on for-eign soil. Is he going to walk that back? Now, late last night and this morn-ing, the President is back to cele-brating his meeting with Putin. He is walking back the walk back. That is what he did this morning. This is like Charlottesville redux. We all know what the President really thought. We know what he thought at Charlottes-ville. The walk back was unconvincing, and he went back to his old ways. We know what he thought at Helsinki. The walk back was unconvincing. And now, with his tweets this morning, he is back to his old ways. The only reason there was a walk back is that the President was forced by pressure from many of my Repub-lican friends here, from his allies in the media, and his own White House staff. They all pressured him to give that temporary walk back. But it is clear from today’s tweets that he doesn’t mean it, that he doesn’t believe it, and, frankly, neither does anybody else. It is clear that he still believes President Putin over the consensus of the Amer-ican intelligence community, and that puts Americans’ security gravely at risk. The President’s reluctant, ham-hand-ed, half-hearted ‘‘clarification’’ yester-day—almost entirely reversed this morning—is woefully inadequate. His behavior in Helsinki continues to de-mand a response from Congress, and there are many things we can do. But later this morning, if anything is true to form, the President will hold a Cabi-net meeting, and his advisers will shower him with thanks and praise— this is what he craves—and will pro-vide, perhaps, another version of what happened in Helsinki. Given what happened in Helsinki and given that the President’s walk back was so weak, there are several things we as a Congress can and should do. Talking the talk is not enough. Walk-ing the walk is what is so important here. We need to act, not simply say ‘‘tsk, tsk; bad President’’ and then go back to business as usual, because the American polity, the American secu-rity, and the view of America in the eyes of the world have taken a severe setback. It is up to us in the Congress to try to undo that. I mentioned a whole host of actions this body can take to counter Russia’s malign activity, punish Putin for inter-fering in our elections, prevent him from doing it again, and ensure that the President is doing what is nec-essary to stand up for American inter-ests. The Senate is not powerless to take action in the wake of President Trump’s indefensible performance at his summit with Vladimir Putin. Let me reiterate and suggest some things we should do, and I believe we should do all of these. First, our Republican colleagues need to join us in demanding immediate public testimony from the President’s national security team—those who were in Helsinki and those who would have knowledge of what happened in Helsinki. We need to have immediate public testimony from Secretary Pompeo, from DNI Director Coats, and from Ambassador Huntsman. Above all, we need the translator who was present at the one-on-one meeting with President Putin to tes-tify openly before Congress. That is not usually done, but there are almost al-ways other people in the room, so you don’t need the translator. But for some reason—a reason that Americans and the world are wondering about—Presi-dent Trump wanted no one else in the room. Having the translator come tes-tify and tell us what happened there is an imperative. It is so important. It is rare for translators to come before Congress, but in this case, it is war-ranted—A, because no one else was in the room, by the President’s direction, and B, because what happened there might have been so important, given what happened in public a few short hours afterward. The translator works for the Federal Government, works for the taxpayers, and may be the only person who can accurately report what President Trump said to President Putin behind closed doors, what con-cessions were made to Vladimir Putin. We want to know. Did the President make concessions that hurt our na-tional security? What did he agree to? Congress has a duty to conduct re-sponsible oversight of the executive branch, particularly after what the President did in Helsinki. The Presi-dent’s summit calls for oversight. Hav-ing these people—particularly the translator—come testify is important. I understand Secretary Pompeo will appear before the Foreign Relations Committee next week, which is good, but we need to hear from others, in-cluding the translator. I urge Leader MCCONNELL and his leadership team to immediately request a hearing of the people I mentioned. Second, the Republican leadership should soon place on the floor—ASAP— bipartisan legislation, led by Senators B
OOKER , GRAHAM , COONS , and T ILLIS , to protect the special counsel from polit-ical interference. This legislation passed out of the Judiciary Committee with bipartisan support. It has four sponsors—two Democrats, two Repub-licans. If Leader M
CCONNELL is serious about the checks and balances and if what he said in the last day or two were not just meaningless words, he will put this legislation on the floor. It will pass. Alongside demanding testimony from the President’s national security team, passing legislation to protect the spe-cial counsel is probably the most im-portant thing this body could do to en-sure that President Trump’s reckless-ness does not precipitate a constitu-tional crisis. Third, we should ratchet up sanc-tions on Putin and his cronies, not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18JY6.001 S18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5029 July 18, 2018 
water them down. The sanctions this body passed by an overwhelming bipar-tisan margin of 98 to 2—and I salute Leader M
CCONNELL ; he helped to bring it to the floor even though the Presi-dent didn’t like it—have not yet been fully implemented by the Trump ad-ministration. On our side, Senators M
ENENDEZ and V ANHOLLEN have some very good ideas about sanctions, and we should act on them. Fourth, our Republican colleagues can and should insist that the Presi-dent finally release his tax returns. We all know that the President broke dec-ades of practice when he didn’t release those returns—so damaging because his economic interests outside of the gov-ernment are so large, complicated, and varied and so important because he deals with international finance in these situations. There was no good reason not to re-lease his tax returns then. Yet Presi-dent Trump’s inexplicable behavior in Helsinki has many Americans asking: What does Putin have over him that he is behaving in a way that is, basically, inexplicable by any rational, logical line of thinking? That is why his tax returns will be so important. We should pass legislation that requires the Presi-dent to release his tax returns. It was important before, but it is much more important now, after Helsinki. Fifth, the Republicans should de-mand with us that the President insist the 12 Russians who have been indicted for our election interference and infor-mation warfare be handed over. Putin may not do it, but at least we ought to show how serious we are as a country. The President ought to show how alarmed he is that this happened, and the best way to do that is for our Re-publican colleagues to join with us. They will have more influence than we will have in asking him to do so. Finally, we should have bipartisan legislation on election security. To-gether, in a bipartisan way, with the help of my friend from Tennessee—a senior member of Appropriations—in the last omnibus bill, we passed $380 million for election security. As I un-derstand it, that money is now being sent out to help the States, but we have to do more. There is bipartisan legislation. Senators K
LOBUCHAR and L
ANKFORD and Senators V ANHOLLEN  and R
UBIO have good legislation that could help beef up our election secu-rity. We ought to move on it. Our country—our cyber networks and our election systems—is under con-stant attack from adversaries like the Russians. There is bipartisan consensus that we must harden our election infra-structure. This has led to the legisla-tion I mentioned by K
LOBUCHAR , L
ANKFORD , V ANHOLLEN , and R UBIO. There is other legislation by Senators H
ARRIS and W YDEN . I urge the Repub-lican leader to let us move on one or more of these bills. We should do all of these things, not just one or two—all of them. I can’t think of a logical reason not to do any of them other than out of fear of of-fending the President. Times like these call for us to do more. We have already heard some of our Republican col-leagues say ‘‘let’s move on’’ after what the President said yesterday—as I men-tioned, his so-called walk back was not a walk back at all—and that if we cared about our Nation’s security, we would move forward. The final thing I would say to my Re-publican colleagues is this: This is a moment that will be remembered in American history. It is not going away. This is a moment that will be remem-bered next week, next month, in No-vember of 2018, in November of 2020, and way beyond. The Helsinki summit is now an unalterable fact in American history—a moment when, unfortu-nately, an American President humili-ated his own country and himself be-fore a foreign dictator. It was a terrible sign of weakness by this President, and it, unfortunately, weakens the office he holds. Yet it can be remembered as a mo-ment when a bipartisan majority in Congress—Democrats and Republicans in their dropping all trappings of party—links arms and stands up for our country after our President has re-fused to do so. Let’s hope it is. Let’s hope it is. NOMINATION OF BRETT KAVANAUGH  
Mr. President, I know my colleagues are waiting, and I appreciate their in-dulgence as I have one final point on the Supreme Court and Brett Kavanaugh. I just read in a very recent interview that Judge Kavanaugh was asked, if granted the opportunity, whether he would overturn precedent in any one case. Judge Kavanaugh initially de-clined to answer. He then paused and said, on second thought, he would over-turn the precedent in Morrison v. Olson. That is the case that upheld the constitutionality of the independent counsel law. I will make two brief points on the subject. First, Judge Kavanaugh’s response demonstrates he is willing to answer direct questions about precedent— which precedents he agrees with and which precedents he would overturn. I hope, during the hearings, we will not suffer the tried-and-true verbal gym-nastics of nominees who have refused to answer questions on existing prece-dent. Judge Kavanaugh had no qualms about that in that interview. Second and more immediately, con-sidering everything we know about Judge Kavanaugh’s expansive view of Executive power and accountability, the fact that Morrison v. Olson—of all of the cases in the history of the Su-preme Court—is the first case he would think of overturning is deeply, deeply troubling. We already know he believes a Presi-dent shouldn’t be investigated while in office, that a President can’t be in-dicted while in office, that a President doesn’t have to follow laws that the President ‘‘deems’’—his word—uncon-stitutional. Clearly, Judge Kavanaugh’s judicial philosophy incor-porates an almost monarchical view of Executive power and accountability, animated by a belief that our Chief Ex-ecutive gets to play by a different set of rules. Judge Kavanaugh, particularly after this interview, needs to recuse himself from anything having to do with the Mueller probe given his record and the fact that he was nominated by the sub-ject of the investigation he could very well end up ruling on. Once again, I thank my colleagues. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alabama. TARIFFS  
Mr. JONES. Mr. President, I rise to discuss an issue that is of great impor-tance to my constituents in Alabama and to many other people across the country. At issue is the health of our automotive industry. Unfortunately, the health of my State’s automobile industry is being threatened not by unfair competition or illegal practices but by significant tariffs proposed by the President. Ac-cording to the U.S. Chamber of Com-merce, more than a half a million Ala-bama jobs are supported by global trade, meaning more than one in every four Alabama jobs is tied to trade. One of the key reasons Alabama has such a robust trade posture is due to our automotive manufacturing indus-try. I am old enough to remember what it was like before auto companies came to Alabama in the 1990s, starting with Mercedes. At the time that Mercedes came, many of Alabama’s manufac-turing facilities were closing down and moving to other countries. Yet, one by one—from Mercedes, to Honda, to Hyundai, and now to Toyota and Mazda, which are breaking ground on a new plant very soon—these auto-makers came to Alabama and breathed new life into our State’s economy. They support, today, some 57,000 Ala-bama jobs, and our auto exports topped $11 billion in 2017. That doesn’t even in-clude the new Toyota-Mazda plant in Huntsville, which is going to add an-other 4,000 jobs and $1.6 billion in eco-nomic development. After having no automobile industry 30 years ago, Alabama has become the third largest exporter of automobiles in this country. In only the past 15 months, every major automobile manu-facturer in Alabama has announced an expansion to total 5,400 jobs and $3.3 billion in investments. This industry has been a phenomenal success in Ala-bama and, more importantly, for the men and women who rely on these very good-paying jobs to support their fami-lies and to build better lives. That is why it is a priority for me and colleagues like my friend, Senator A
LEXANDER from Tennessee, to keep our States’ automotive industry thriv-ing. Yet, recently, this industry has come under attack. In May, President Trump threatened a 25-percent tariff 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18JY6.003 S18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5030 July 18, 2018 
on imported cars, trucks, and auto parts under the pretext that these products somehow threaten our na-tional security. Let me be clear. While the United States faces any number of threats from adversaries on any number of fronts, foreign automobiles and auto parts are not threats to our national security. Do you know what is a threat? It is a 25-percent tax on the prices of these imported goods. The President’s proposed auto tariffs have the potential to inflict serious damage on a booming industry in my State and in other leading auto-producing States, like Tennessee. We might call it a tar-iff, but we all know exactly what it is— a tax. By definition, a tariff is a tax on a particular class of imports or exports. Any tariffs placed on products that come into the United States are taxes that increase the cost of those goods to American consumers. When other countries place additional tariffs, or new taxes, on American goods, it raises the purchase prices of American prod-ucts overseas and hurts our ability to sustain competitive markets in those countries. So it is deeply troubling that the recent proposal from the President will threaten tens of thou-sands of jobs in Alabama and increase costs for American consumers. Shortly after this tariff threat was issued, Senator A
LEXANDER joined me in writing to Commerce Secretary Wil-bur Ross, and we urged him to recon-sider the auto tariff tax proposal. Be-tween our two States, the automotive sector contributes more than 200,000 jobs to our economies. Numbers of autoworkers from our States are in town this week to tell their stories, firsthand, to the Commerce Depart-ment, and I commend them for their ef-forts in doing so. Senator A
LEXANDER and I understand the devastating blow these tariffs will represent to an industry that has lit-erally rebuilt our respective States’ economies from the ground up. Auto-makers and their suppliers can be found in every corner and in nearly every county of each of our States. We have found common cause in fighting these tariffs and protecting our con-stituents from the devastating impacts they will have. There are already a few legislative solutions out there, including Senator C
ORKER ’s solution regarding tariffs. I know Senator P
ORTMAN is also doing a lot of good work in this space. Senator A
LEXANDER and I are working together to propose a solution of our own as a complementary measure to halt these tariffs. We hope to introduce that pro-posal as early as next week after con-sulting with our automotive manufac-turers and working with our colleagues to grow bipartisan support for this leg-islation. I realize that folks who have been af-fected by these proposed tariffs are looking for a silver bullet to stop them dead in their tracks. Right now, the only silver bullet in this case is for the President to change his mind and rec-ognize how many jobs are at risk be-cause of these proposed tariffs. Until that happens, we are going to fight to protect what our States and our work-ers have earned. I want to thank my colleague Sen-ator ALEXANDER , who is here today, for his continued partnership in this ef-fort. I look forward to working with more of our colleagues to stop the ur-gent threat to American jobs. Thank you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I want to thank the Senator from Ala-bama for his remarks. I come to the floor to discuss bipar-tisan legislation that he and I, as he said, plan to introduce as soon as next week to encourage the Trump adminis-tration to reconsider the dangerous steps it is taking to impose tariffs on imported automobiles and automotive parts. I use the word ‘‘dangerous’’ because nothing has done more during the last 40 years to raise family incomes in Tennessee than the arrival of the auto industry, and nothing could do more damage to those family incomes than the proposed tariffs on imported auto-mobiles and automotive parts, com-bined with the tariffs on imported steel and aluminum that the administration has already imposed. We have heard the Senator from Ala-bama talk about his State. In my view, Tennessee is more likely to be hurt than any other State by these tariffs. Let me tell a short story to explain why I would make such a dramatic statement. Forty years ago, I walked 1,000 miles across Tennessee in my campaign for Governor. In Rutherford County, out-side Nashville, I spent the night with the Knight family. Mrs. Knight told me that her twin boys were bright but that she was sad because, as she put it, there are no jobs around here. She said: They are smart boys, and they will never get a job here, and I will never see my grandchildren. Forty years ago, there were no auto jobs in Tennessee. We were the third poorest State. Our family incomes were the third lowest. Our low-paying tex-tile jobs were fleeing outside of our country. Unemployment and inflation were high, and prospects were bleak. Then in 1980—just 2 years after that walk, when I was the Governor of Ten-nessee—Nissan from Japan arrived and came to Rutherford. Then General Mo-tors, with Saturn, came to Spring Hill. Then Volkswagen came to Chat-tanooga. All had large manufacturing plants. As the American automobile indus-try moved to the Southeastern United States, more than 900 auto part sup-pliers spread across 88 of Tennessee’s 95 counties. Today, 136,000 Tennesseans— or one-third of our manufacturing workforce—work in those auto plants. Those auto jobs have become the main driver of family incomes, which have now risen to a little above the national average. Our economy is booming, and unemployment is at a record low. Today, Tennessee produces 6.7 per-cent of all of the cars and trucks pro-duced in the United States. Tennessee exported more than $5.5 billion worth of automobiles and auto parts last year. Tennessee has been the top State in auto manufacturing strength for 5 out of the last 8 years, according to Business Facilities. Let me get back to my little story. Last year, one of those bright twins from Rutherford County—the Knight family—where I spent the night 40 years ago, Randy Knight, retired as the general manager of the Nissan plant, which is the largest and most efficient auto plant in North America. His brother works there, too, and so does one of those grandchildren whom the grandmother thought she would never see. You can see why Tennesseans become very worried when anything threatens the auto industry that has transformed our State. Here is why the proposed tariffs do that. As the Senator from Alabama said, tariffs are taxes. Tariffs are taxes on us, pure and simple. They make what we buy and sell more expensive. The laws of economics usually say that when you make what you buy and sell more expensive, you buy and sell less of it. If we sell fewer automobiles and automotive parts, there will be lower revenues, lower profits, fewer wage in-creases, and fewer jobs. Since almost every one of the 900 auto part suppliers use steel and alu-minum, lower revenues and smaller profits mean fewer wage increases and fewer jobs for the 136,000 Tennesseans who work in the more than 900 auto plants in our State. More expensive cars means fewer people in the United States buy those cars and fewer people overseas buy those cars—the cars we make. Fewer people buying cars and trucks means that 136,000 Tennesseans in America’s No. 1 auto State are going to have a lower standard of living than they otherwise would and lower family incomes. Why in the world would our govern-ment raise our taxes and destroy our jobs in this way? Well, the govern-ment’s answer is that tariffs protect jobs in the steel and aluminum indus-try. It is true that some steel and alu-minum jobs might be saved, but in 2003, when President George W. Bush pro-posed steel tariffs, there were about 10 times as many people working in the steel-using industries as there were in steel-producing industries. Let me say that again. There were more people working in the steel-using industry than there were in the steel-producing industry. President Bush dropped the idea after a year because the tariffs destroyed, as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18JY6.004 S18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5031 July 18, 2018 
I said, more jobs in other industries, including the automotive industry, than they saved in the steel-producing industry. I know something about the alu-minum industry. My dad worked most of his life at Alcoa’s Tennessee alu-minum smelting plant, which closed a few years ago because electricity was so much cheaper in other parts of the world. You use electricity—lots of it— to smelt aluminum. That is why those plants came to East Tennessee more than a century ago. But electric prices in the United States gradually rose over that century, and are still cheaper in other parts of the world. So today there are only eight smelting plants left in the United States. Seven of them are still in operation. Alcoa oper-ates four and makes 46 percent—nearly half—of all of the aluminum produced in the United States. Alcoa opposes the aluminum tariffs because it also oper-ates smelting plants in Canada and other countries that export aluminum to the United States. The bottom line is this: The largest U.S. producer of aluminum, Alcoa, doesn’t want the aluminum tariffs. The thousands of auto plants and other plants that use aluminum don’t want the aluminum tariffs. So who is asking for the aluminum tariffs? A second reason justifying tariffs is that other countries may have been un-fair to the United States. There may be examples of that, but when did it be-come a good idea to solve your own problem by shooting yourself in both feet at once? It is hard to see how rais-ing our taxes and destroying our jobs is a smart solution to unfair trade prac-tices. Then there is the question of whether tariffs help autoworkers. Raising taxes and prices and selling fewer cars wouldn’t seem to help the American autoworker. Will it cause foreign companies to build more cars in the United States? Well, that is already happening. The foreign manufacturers have been doing exactly what we asked them to do. They have moved here. They produce cars and trucks here. They ex-port many of those cars and trucks and auto parts to other countries. Today, about half the cars being built in America are being built by the so- called foreign manufacturers. Nissan’s plant in Rutherford County employs 8,000 Tennesseans and is the largest and most efficient auto plant in North America. I was with President Trump last year when he spoke in Michigan about all the autoworker jobs leaving the Mid-west. Since 1994, 3.6 million of those jobs have left the Midwest, but they didn’t go overseas; they moved to Ten-nessee and Alabama and other parts of the Southeastern United States, which gained 3.6 million auto jobs during the same period. Those new auto plants are in Tennessee, Alabama, Georgia, Mis-sissippi, South Carolina, Kentucky, and Texas. Those are all States where the President is widely admired and States that he carried heavily in his election effort. Those plants moved primarily to the Southeast because our part of the country offered right-to-work laws and an environment that allowed compa-nies to make quality cars at a lower cost and sell them competitively here in the United States and around the world. In fact, my own view is that the movement of the American auto indus-try to the Southeast saved the Amer-ican auto industry because where it was 25, 30, or 40 years ago was stuck in the Midwest in an oligopoly where the United Automobile Workers and three big companies were producing big, ex-pensive cars, and the little foreign cars were coming in and eating their lunch in the marketplace. So now we have strong and effective American auto plants in the Midwestern United States and in the Southeastern United States, and half of them are made by so-called foreign manufacturers. I agree with President Trump on many things—taxes, judges, regula-tions, the economy, Keystone Pipeline, and others. He has helped create to-day’s booming economy and low unem-ployment. I give him credit for helping to do that, but these tariffs take us in exactly the opposite direction. These tariffs are dangerous. These tariffs are going to cost us jobs. These tariffs are going to lower our family in-comes. These tariffs are going to undo much of the good the President and this Congress have done during the last year and a half to create this booming economy. I respectfully suggest that the Presi-dent reconsider his trade policy, drop the tariffs as a tool for implementing his objectives, and find other, more ef-fective means to persuade other coun-tries to do for us what we do for them. I thank the Presiding Officer. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Colorado. 
OPENING OF THE ROCKY MOUNTAIN REGIONAL VA  
MEDICAL CENTER  
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, this weekend, Colorado will be celebrating the opening of our new Rocky Moun-tain Regional VA Medical Center in Aurora. I am incredibly proud that we will be reaching this milestone this weekend after more than a decade of work and some significant hurdles, trials, and tribulations along the way. I commend my colleagues for the work they did funding this project. The Rocky Mountain Regional VA Medical Center will be the crown jewel of the VA system. It wasn’t easy to get here. A lot of people had to do a lot of work to make it happen, including the veterans, the leadership organizations in Colorado, our colleagues across the aisle, Congressman C
OFFMAN , Congress-man P
ERLMUTTER , Senator B ENNET —in fact, the entire congressional delega-tion for a number of years—Senator Salazar, Senator Udall, Senator Allard. They have all done incredible work to make this weekend a possibility. Hundreds of millions of tax dollars were used for this facility. It did run over budget. It certainly ran over time. But we have learned a lot as a result of this facility, and the Army Corps of Engineers will now be taking over major construction projects like this. As a result of this facility, we have made changes on how designs are being made. It was a learning experience and unfortunately a costly one at that, but it doesn’t change the fact that this will be a crown jewel in the VA system. This is not the end of a project, it is the beginning of a promise to be ful-filled—a promise to our veterans on the care they will receive, a place where they will find healing, where they will find support, and where they will find a return to good health. To our men and women in uniform who currently serve, know that you have a place in Colorado where you will find incredible care. To those who have served our coun-try, who live in Colorado, know that with great pride, we open this facility this weekend. But we have more work to do. We have work to do to make sure that it is easier to hire doctors and fill the posi-tions at the hospital that have re-mained open for months around the VA system. It takes too long to onboard medical professionals. We should cut down that time, figure out how to cut through the redtape and the bureaucracy. If you are qualified to practice medicine at Swedish Hospital in Denver, or any of our other great fa-cilities, why can’t you just go to work at the VA hospital as well? So these are things that we can do to do a better job. On Monday, I met with the Secretary nominee, Robert Wilkie, President Trump’s nominee to be the new VA Secretary, and I talked to him about the work we have to continue to do to make sure that veterans receive the best care possible. This Congress has passed legislation, such as the Choice Act. We have made great reforms over the last several months to reduce wait times and wait lists and to eliminate them and make sure that we can pro-vide that promise of care. This weekend in Colorado there will be a great celebration as we open this facility. So many people put in tireless years upon years of work, from the leadership of the State to the leader-ship of Congress. I am grateful that this weekend we celebrate as we open a facility that begins to fulfill the prom-ise made a decade ago for veterans in the region. I yield the floor. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. SUL-
LIVAN ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
NOMINATION OF BRETT KAVANAUGH  
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I come to the floor today to join my col-leagues in making it clear just how 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18JY6.006 S18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5032 July 18, 2018 
high the stakes are when it comes to our Nation’s highest courts—for our families, for our communities, for our country, and for our future. Since the day he took office, Presi-dent Trump has made one move after another to turn the White House and the entire executive branch into a tool for those who have the most power, the most money, and the most influence to get even more power, more money, and more influence. From our public schools to our public lands and more, it is hard to find any Trump administra-tion decision where the bottom line didn’t come first. But it is not just his administration. President Trump has systematically worked to roll back decades of progress through our courtrooms, from the Su-preme Court on down, which will have long-lasting impacts stretching far be-yond his time in the White House. I know some of my colleagues were here last night to talk about the abso-lutely egregious circuit court nominees who would do everything they can to whittle away at our rights and free-doms as Americans. I want to talk about that for a bit as well, but I want to take some time first to talk about a nominee who would sit above those cir-cuit court nominees in our Nation’s Supreme Court and who, if confirmed, would overturn Roe v. Wade, eliminate protections for patients with pre-existing conditions, reverse settled law and precedent, and give these extreme circuit court nominees even more room to do damage to our Constitution, our laws, our freedoms, and our way of life. It is telling that President Trump and his Republican and special-interest allies are desperately trying to make the case that Judge Kavanaugh isn’t well outside the mainstream, far out-side the bounds of reasonable, and deeply opposed to what people across the country want when it comes to their rights and freedoms being pro-tected. They may try, but they will not succeed because the record is clear and the facts are clear. Judge Kavanaugh is an extreme pick who would be dev-astating for our country if he is con-firmed, and we need to do everything we can to stop it. So I am standing here right now, on behalf of the families in my home State of Washington and across this country, to be very clear about what is at stake if President Trump and his enablers continue to try to turn our ju-dicial system into one that works for massive corporations and special inter-ests and against regular families. Earlier today, a number of my col-leagues stood in this spot to sound the alarm on what is at stake for our envi-ronment and our public health if the balance of this Court swings toward President Trump and his extreme spe-cial interests. I want to expand on those concerns, and I want to talk about just a few of the many issues that Judge Kavanaugh would impact should he be confirmed and how awful this would be for our families, commu-nities, students, and workers and for our environment, our elections, our country, and more. But before I get into some other issues—and, again, just a few of many—I want to start with two that I believe are most important and that every woman, every man, and every family should be thinking very hard about: protections for patients with preexisting conditions and Roe v. Wade. First, President Trump has broken promise after promise he made to workers and families on the campaign trail, but he has never once wavered in keeping promises he made to extreme, ideological, rightwing special interests. President Trump said he would make taking away patient protections—like those for preexisting conditions—and gutting policies that have made healthcare more affordable for millions a top priority. He failed to jam a bill through Congress here to make those things happen. So he has done every-thing he can to attack patients’ healthcare from the Oval Office. His biggest attack yet is Judge Kavanaugh—an extremely conservative nominee vetted by those same right-wing special interests who President Trump is so determined to keep happy, a judge who those special interests picked because they know he will help them undermine affordable healthcare from the Supreme Court Bench. I believed President Trump when he said he was determined to undermine patients’ healthcare in order to satisfy rightwing special interests. Healthcare coverage, especially for people with preexisting conditions, is on the line with this nomination, and we cannot afford not to take this threat seriously. That is not the only healthcare issue under threat. President Trump said he would appoint Supreme Court Justices vetted by these groups for their will-ingness to overturn Roe v. Wade. He said women should be punished for hav-ing an abortion. In office, he and Vice President M
IKEPENCE have done vir-tually everything they can to restrict women’s access to healthcare and to chip away at women’s constitutionally protected reproductive rights. Unless women and men across the country stand up to stop them, they will suc-ceed in putting another Supreme Court Justice who has the ideological rightwing’s stamp of approval when it comes to striking down Roe. There is no sugarcoating this. We are on the precipice of five men voting to overturn a historic ruling that has made women healthier and made them more equal and more free in the United States. We cannot let that happen. Those are two issues that so many of us are focused on, and they are so im-portant, but they are far from the only ones. Another key issue I want to brief-ly mention today is the rights and free-doms of our LGBTQ friends, coworkers, neighbors, and fellow Americans. We have made progress, but there are many questions and cases in this area that will come before the Supreme Court in the coming years—whether it is questions regarding equality under the adoption laws for all couples or the rights of a couple to buy a wedding cake, whether transgender troops can serve their country, whether someone can continue being fired simply for being LGBTQ, and more. So there is a whole lot at stake. Anyone who cares about this issue or anyone who simply believes that everyone in this country should have fundamental rights and freedoms—no matter who they are or who they love—should join us in reject-ing Judge Kavanaugh. That is not all. We have known from day one that President Trump would be hostile toward our bedrock environ-mental laws, that he was eager to do the bidding of the coal, oil, and gas in-dustries, that his slogan of putting America first actually meant that the United States would be dead last in the fight against climate change, and that Trump’s economic agenda has more to do with rolling back rules that help to keep our kids safe from toxic pollut-ants, protecting our drinking water, or preventing health problems in senior citizens—the ones those special inter-est groups try to call pesky regulations and what the rest of us moms, grand-mothers, and ordinary people call com-monsense protections. But it is apparently not enough just to attack our environment for the ad-ministration. If you really want to shape our Nation’s environmental laws for generations to come, you put some-one on the Supreme Court for life who will consistently side with the massive corporations and special interests that put profits ahead of the health and well-being of families, and, boy, did those CEOs and special interests hit the jackpot with President Trump’s nominee. You don’t have to spend long looking at Judge Kavanaugh’s record to see that, should he be seated, nearly five decades of environmental protection are at risk, including the protections enshrined in the Clean Air Act, which has significantly cut the smog, soot, and chemicals that choked commu-nities prior to 1970 and prevented hun-dreds of thousands of premature deaths and cases of heart disease in the years sense. Also at risk is the Clean Water Act, which, if erased, would take us back to the bad old days before commonsense protections—like when the Cuyahoga River was so polluted that it caught fire; when shellfish beds were closed in Puget Sound, nearly decimated by pol-lutants; or when an estimated 20 mil-lion gallons of sewage effluent flowed into Lake Washington every single day. I could go on and on about the strides our country has made to keep our fam-ilies safe, but the bottom line is that because of our landmark environ-mental laws—like the Clean Water Act and the Clean Air Act—our rivers are cleaner, our air is easier to breathe, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18JY6.008 S18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5033 July 18, 2018 
and families are better protected than ever before. Though we have a lot of work yet to do, it would be a grave mistake to go backward, and that is just what so many people fear would happen with Judge Kavanaugh on the Bench, given his past rulings and given the test that President Trump applied and his com-mitment to only nominate someone screened and approved by the extreme right, especially his stance that could take decisions away from our Nation’s scientists and nonpartisan profes-sionals and put those decisions into the hands of special interests. That takes me to another issue I want to run through briefly: making sure our elections in this country are free and accessible and that corpora-tions don’t have a louder voice in our process than ordinary voters. These are issues where our courts have failed to serve us well in recent years, but by confirming Judge Kavanaugh, we would be cementing this awful pattern for a generation and making necessary reform so much more difficult. Judge Kavanaugh will continue his habit of ruling to make it harder and harder for citizens to vote and have a voice in this democracy. We know this. We saw how he ruled in favor of strict-er voter ID laws—ones where the inten-tion to make it harder for Americans to vote was clear and absolutely the wrong way to go. We cannot have a Su-preme Court that continues to allow voter suppression. So I ask my colleagues: If you believe that voting in our country should be open to all and that people shouldn’t have less access to the voting booth be-cause of where they live or the color of their skin, join me in rejecting this nominee and demanding someone who will protect our elections and our de-mocracy. If you believe that Citizens United was an awful decision that per-verted the First Amendment and put shameful amounts of power into the hands of the mega rich and the biggest corporations, join me in rejecting this nominee and demanding someone who would put our ordinary voters first. If we can’t stem the flow of dark, un-accountable money in politics, and re-verse the tide of the wealthiest Ameri-cans and biggest corporations being al-lowed to have the loudest voices in our elections, we are going to keep running into massive challenges as a nation. Without a Supreme Court willing to do that, without rejecting Judge Kavanaugh and demanding someone else, we can’t do that. Giving the most powerful among us an advantage in our elections is not the only way Judge Kavanaugh is working for those at the top, and I want to briefly discuss an-other. Last month’s Janus decision made it clear that workers and their unions need a fair voice on the Supreme Court. Unfortunately, Judge Kavanaugh has a long record of weakening worker pro-tections, undermining union rights, and making it easier for corporations and special interests to tilt the scales of justice in their favor. I would urge my colleagues who claim to care about the rights and eco-nomic security of working families to join me in rejecting this nomination and put the power back into the hands of working families and the middle class. This point is especially potent given the disgrace we witnessed in Helsinki. Every American should be deeply con-cerned about President Trump putting someone on the Supreme Court who is prepared to protect him from legal at-tack and do his bidding. As we all watch, many of us in horror and dismay, as President Trump con-tinues to do everything in his power to try and discredit the Mueller investiga-tion, we cannot forget, for a moment, that his Supreme Court nominee sug-gested in a 2009 law review article that a sitting President should not be sub-jected to criminal investigation or civil or criminal litigation. Does anyone think, for one second, this isn’t something President Trump was looking for? Is there anyone who has seen how President Trump has acted, listened to what he said who thinks he is not thinking about what happens if something related to this in-vestigation goes to the Supreme Court? President Trump controls the White House. His Republicans control both Houses of Congress. The last thing we need, the last thing any American who truly cares about our country should want is to place the last remaining branch—the final branch intended to be independent, to put our Constitution first—into the hands of a Trump lack-ey. That would be awful. It would eliminate even the pretense of checks and balances. If Judge Kavanaugh is confirmed, with his record and given what we know about President Trump, that is exactly what would happen. If you believe we should be taking the Russian election interference into U.S. elections seriously, join me in re-jecting this nominee and demanding someone who would be truly inde-pendent and place an appropriate check on Executive power. If you believe a President is not above the law, join me in rejecting this nominee and demanding someone who will take our Constitution and our ju-dicial independence seriously. If you believe Executive power is not unilateral and that real checks and balances are required, join me in re-jecting this nominee and demanding someone who will clearly and un-equivocally make sure that continues to be a reality. Finally, I want to highlight Judge Kavanaugh’s troubling record on com-monsense gun safety. This is an issue that certainly hit close to home for far too many people in recent years. Churches, schools, concerts, it seems like no place is immune to the rampant gun violence happening in the country, which is why millions of Americans have taken to the streets in recent months to demand action. Yet, at the same time, Judge Kavanaugh has taken a far more ex-pansive interpretation of the Second Amendment and has vigorously argued that assault weapon bans are unconsti-tutional. His position is far more ex-treme than even the late Justice Scalia. It is no wonder the NRA imme-diately applauded Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination and has pledged now to spend untold amounts to seal the deal on his confirmation. Those are just a few issues weighing on so many people’s minds right now. I could go on about what is at stake if President Trump turns his White House, and potentially now the judicial system, into one that favors the power-ful few. I would like to close by saying there are few things I take as seriously as a Senator than my duty to consider and vote on a Supreme Court nominee. In my time in the Senate, I have had the opportunity to consider nominees from Democrats and nominees from Repub-licans. I voted for some of them, I voted against some of them, each on their merits, and each based on how I think they would serve. This time is different. We know ex-actly where President Trump’s Su-preme Court nominee will fall on the specific issues, no matter what vague answers Judge Kavanaugh chooses to deliver through this process. Why do we know this? Because Presi-dent Trump told us openly, publicly, and repeatedly. The President laid out specific tests and promised to only pick nominees from a prescreened list of people who would absolutely meet them. Nobody should be fooled. Judge Kavanaugh is a rubberstamp. He will stand with special interests over fami-lies, and he will take our country in the wrong direction. I urge my colleagues, stand with me in rejecting Judge Kavanaugh’s nomi-nation and join me in calling on Presi-dent Trump to send us someone who would stand with women, with our workers, with our families, and who would truly commit to respecting set-tled law and the rights and freedoms we all hold dear and the longstanding protections that help keep our families safe and healthy. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Nevada. 
NOMINATION OF RYAN BOUNDS  
Ms. CORTEZ MASTO. Mr. President, I rise to speak out in opposition to the nomination of Ryan Bounds to sit on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. I will be voting against his confirma-tion, and I ask all of my colleagues to do the same. My reason for this is not just the fact that in expressing his dis-dain for multicultural values in a se-ries of college writings, he compared efforts to build tolerance and promote diversity to Nazi book burning; it is not just the fact that he advocated against policies designed to make 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18JY6.009 S18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5034 July 18, 2018 
LGBTQ students feel welcome and crack down on campus rapists; it is not just the fact that when a bipartisan ju-dicial selection committee asked him to disclose past controversies, he delib-erately misled the committee and said there was nothing to worry about. Now that his controversial writings have come to light, he refuses to re-tract or show remorse for his state-ments. Instead, he brushes them off as overbroad and overheated. Ryan Bounds’ writings show he does not believe in a tolerant and diverse America, where women and people of color are treated with equal respect. In my eyes, that alone disqualifies him from sitting on the Federal bench, but Bounds has not received the blue-slip approval of either Senator from his home State of Oregon. No judge in modern history has ever been con-firmed without a blue slip from either home State Senator. So a vote to confirm him is a direct attack on the Senate’s constitutional responsibility to advise and consent. The blue-slip process is a critical func-tion of the legislative branch. It gives every Senator a chance to have a say in the Federal judges who serve in their home State. The nominee to the U.S. Court of Ap-peals for the Ninth Circuit will have a lifetime tenure. If confirmed, Ryan Bounds will have influence over our legal system for the rest of his life. Don’t the American people and their elected officials deserve a say in whether he should be allowed to fill that seat? This debate is not just about one un-qualified judge and his racist ideas. It is about the duty of the legislative branch to serve as a check and balance on the President. Over the course of the Trump administration so far, we have seen an unprecedented attempt to undermine the blue-slip process and pack the courts with judges favored by corporations and special interests. I urge my colleagues to take a stand against President Trump’s attacks on our legal system. Protect the integrity of the blue-slip process and vote against Ryan Bounds’ nomination. The power and independence of the legisla-ture is at stake. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from North Carolina. 
CALLING FOR THE RELEASE OF PASTOR ANDREW  
BRUNSON  
Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I think last week or the week before, you were presiding when I did a speech that I promised I am going to do every week we are in session until justice is served in Turkey. It is a speech about this man. His name is Pastor Andrew Brunson. He was arrested in Turkey in October of 2016. If you want to sum up his crime, it is for being a missionary. He has been in Turkey for about 20 years, has served the community well, has pro-vided aid and comfort to Syrian refu-gees, has provided a place for people in Turkey who want to come into a Chris-tian church to do just that. He has a small church in Izmir. You can only seat about 100 people in it, and he didn’t even have that when he started his missionary work. I should say he is from the Black Mountain area of North Carolina. He was part of the same church that Rev. Billy Graham was a part of. He went to Turkey to really pursue his passion and serve in Christ through missionary work. In 2016, after the coup attempt, Presi-dent Erdogan implemented emergency powers, and he swept up thousands of people and put them in prison. Pastor Brunson was in a Turkish prison for al-most 19 months without charges— about 17 months in a cell that was de-signed for 8 prisoners that had 21 peo-ple in it. I was in Turkey about 4 months ago— when I first met Pastor Brunson per-sonally—to visit him in prison to let him know that as long as I am in the U.S. Senate, I am going to work hard for his ultimate release. Then I went back about 6 weeks later, and I sat in a Turkish courtroom for about 12 hours, and I heard some of the most absurd charges that could ever be levied against someone to keep them in prison for what will now be going on 2 years. I told Pastor Brunson I would be back, and I will continue to be back, until justice is served. I don’t want to get into too many of the details so I will tell you he was in a courtroom today for another 5 hours. If it bore any resemblance to the time I was in the courtroom, it goes some-thing like this: The defense gets to say nothing. They don’t get to introduce witnesses to testify on his behalf. You have secret witnesses, many of them in a Turkish prison, testifying against him about things like a daughter post-ing a meal she had on a social media application that the Turkish authori-ties believe linked her to terror be-cause they believe it is a meal certain terrorist organizations like. It also happens to be a meal that a lot of peo-ple in the Middle East like, but that was a charge that suggested he was in-volved in a coup attempt or conspiring with terrorists. Having a light on in a church—by the way, in a room that doesn’t have a win-dow—that was supposedly observed by one of these secret witnesses who are in prison, saying: Well, clearly if there was a light on in this church, nothing good could have happened because it was in the middle of the night. Maybe somebody just left the light switch on, but I am still trying to figure out how they actually saw it because I have been in that room, and there is not a single window. There is no way you could have seen it from the outside. Those are the types of charges that have been used to keep Pastor Brunson in prison since October of 2016. Today, he was back, as I said earlier, in a hearing in a Turkish courtroom for 5 hours. At the end of the 5-hour hearing he was told that he is going to continue to be in prison until they have another hearing in October, and that hearing is scheduled for about 4 days short of 2 years that he has spent time in a Turkish prison. He has been in prison for 649 days. He is in good spirits—as good as you can imagine for somebody who is enduring the trauma of being imprisoned, I think, unlawfully and unfairly. His wife Norine is in Turkey. She re-fuses to leave because she is afraid if she leaves Turkey, Turkey will not allow her to come back into the coun-try. They have been separated from their three children for 2 years because they are afraid to have them come into the country and not be able to leave. I am asking the Members of Congress to join with me to apply pressure on Turkey to have justice done. Justice is releasing Pastor Brunson and letting him come back home. We have provisions in the National Defense Authorization Act that send a very clear message to Turkey that we are serious about this. I have my own concerns about Tur-key because they seem to be drifting away as a NATO ally and partner and more toward a position I don’t quite understand. I certainly don’t under-stand it in terms of our mutual inter-ests as NATO allies or as economic partners. But for right now, I want to focus on a man who has been in prison for 649 days. I want to focus on other people who worked with the Embassy who have been in prison for about the same time. I want to focus on a NASA sci-entist who happened to be visiting his family in Turkey—he is a Turkish American—who has been in prison for 21⁄2years. We have to educate the American people on a Turkey that has no resemblance today of what it was just 5 or 6 years ago. I want to have a positive working re-lationship with Turkey. I want in-creased economic ties and increased military ties. But when you illegally imprison American citizens, no matter how important that strategic relation-ship is, at some point we have to ques-tion whether or not we can go further. In the meantime, if any of you are planning on going to Turkey, I would think twice. Make sure that you don’t take a picture of somebody that maybe Turkish officials think is involved in a coup, because that can sweep you up in it. Make sure that you don’t eat a meal that other segments of Turkish society like, because that may make you a coup conspirator. I hope that we solve this problem, but I will tell you that there are very few things that would ever take me away from coming to this floor and going into committee meetings and doing everything I can to put pressure on Turkey until Pastor Andrew Brunson is back in this country safe and sound with his family. Then I will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18JY6.011 S18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5035 July 18, 2018 
continue to work on all the other peo-ple who are being unfairly and unjustly held in Turkish prisons. We need to have justice for Pastor Brunson. We need Turkey to be the ally that we want them to be, and we need President Erdogan to show the leadership and the compassion to bring Pastor Brunson home. Thank you, Mr. President. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Montana. 
TARIFFS  
Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, I rise today to talk about tariffs and their impact on Montana’s family farmers and businesses. In Montana we have more than 27,000 family farms and ranches. Folks who farm and ranch these lands are descendants of home-steaders and pioneers, including my-self. They are also young producers who may be preparing for their first harvest. Might I add that we don’t have enough young producers in our State. The population of farmers is getting far too old. These folks work 7 days a week, for long hours, to raise the food that feeds our families across this world, and they power our rural economies in this country. Farmers and ranchers are small business operators and owners who are always on tight margins and always are looking to make sure that they can make the books balance by being on the positive side of the ledger. Why? So they can keep their farms and ranches viable to be able to have the next generation take over their oper-ation. Just like any other business—a local bar or a hardware store—you need to be able to make a profit to stay in business. Producers need to make sure that they have predictability in input costs—we are talking about fertilizers, fuel, and seed—and predictability in markets, the places where we sell our grain, which has always been a chal-lenge and which has become more of a challenge over the past 6 months. When farmers plant a crop, they need to know there is a market for that crop, because if there is not, it can put them in a world of hurt financially. Unfortunately, in Montana, we are preparing to harvest winter wheat crops as we speak. Spring wheat crops will soon be coming, pulse crops will soon be coming, and oil seeds will soon be coming. The fact is that there is no certainty in any of those crops right now. Why? Because our farmers and our ranchers are being used as pawns in a trade war that I can guarantee not one of them asked for. This trade war is eliminating access to foreign markets that have taken generations to develop and putting family farm and ranch operations in a financial pinch—such a severe financial pinch that we haven’t seen anything like it since the 1980s, when we saw a mass exodus off the land due to bad ag prices. The retaliatory tariffs against family farmers and ranchers is harming Mon-tana’s No. 1 industry, agriculture. Montana’s grain producers produce about $2 billion worth of wheat, barley, pulse crops, and oil seeds every year. Since the middle of June, the price of No. 1 Dark Northern Spring wheat in southeastern Montana has fallen more than 60 cents a bushel. That is more than 10 percent, and the same can be said throughout the State of Montana. To put that in perspective, just think what would happen in your business if your prices were reduced by 10 percent right off the top. It would put you in a world of financial hurt, and that is where Montana’s farms and ranches are today. If prices continue to plummet, some of these families who have been on the land for over 100 years will be forced to make some very difficult de-cisions in the next 6 to 8 months. These tariffs are eliminating pro-ducers’ access to foreign markets— markets that are in Asia and Europe and markets in Canada and Mexico. In Montana, we sell our grains and our beef to these countries and others: China, Japan, South Korea, Mexico, Pacific Rim countries, and European Union countries. These exports didn’t just pop up overnight. They came to fruition after years of hard work, good faith and trust, and negotiations. Negotiations and trust are being thrown out the window with these tar-iff fights. In some cases—Japan, for ex-ample—it has taken multiple genera-tions to establish these export mar-kets. If we lose them, it will take many generations to get them back. Coun-tries such as Argentina and Russia are circling the markets like sharks, want-ing to strike the minute we lose a grip on them to fill those voids. Take, for instance, Mexico. Mexico is the largest importer of Montana barley in the world. For years, Mexico bought Montana’s barley to be able to make beers, like Corona and others. These tariffs have put those markets at risk to the point that one Mexican barley buyer told one of the folks from the barley association of Montana: I don’t know that we can depend on America to supply our barley anymore because these tariffs have put our markets at risk. As a result, Mexico, which is a huge importer of American wheat, just this last spring turned toward Argentina for their wheat for the first time ever. They signed a contract for Argentine wheat to take the place of the wheat from this country, of which Montana is a part and will no longer be supplying. The real question is, How long is this going to have to go on? We are faced with enough uncertainties in produc-tion and agriculture with weather, drought, hail, bugs, and disease. The list goes on. Unfortunately, this is a manmade problem. I get it. I think the President is right when he talks about holding China ac-countable. They have stolen a lot of in-tellectual property. They manipulate their currency. But to put on tariffs where retaliation comes on ag products is not the right direction to go. We can get their attention by other ways. I would also say that these tariffs aren’t just felt by farmers and ranch-ers. They are felt by other businesses too. For builders, for example, their costs are going up. In 2016, the voters of Missoula, MT, approved a $30 million bond to build a new city library. They started the project, but tariffs on steel sent material costs soaring. Now the cost of rebar alone has increased the cost of the project by $100,000. Library officials have told me that as a direct result of these tariffs, they are pre-paring with a need to go out and raise another $500,000 to finish this project. The people of our State have to pay that price. One of Montana’s fastest growing in-dustries is microbreweries. It is a real success story, employing a lot of folks and adding value to grains in our State. They are being hit hard by tar-iffs on aluminum. These emerging busi-nesses have no other option but to pass that cost on to their patrons. So we are paying both ways, folks. We are paying on the tariffs coming in, and we are paying on the tariffs being put on our products going out. In agribusiness, for example, every-thing that is made of steel is going up and going up significantly. From I- beams to cattle guards, to posts for fencing, to metal for storage bins, any-thing made out of steel is going up sig-nificantly. Manufacturers who have been on the rebound since the 2008 fi-nancial crisis now have a hard time bidding contracts on materials. Less of their money is going into their pock-ets, if there is any left at all, because of these tariffs. Every sector of our economy is feeling the pinch of this es-calating trade war. Fair trade is really important. Get-ting manufacturing back to this coun-try is really important, but it doesn’t appear that we are doing those things. Instead, we are putting our existing businesses—whether it is in production or agriculture, construction or manu-facturing—at risk with these trade wars. We should have open markets. Those markets need to go in both directions, but we shouldn’t be driving people into bankruptcy in the meantime. That is what is happening. I ask: What is the end game? If this trade war continues, I had an ag bank-er tell me that family farms and ranch-ers have about 18 months before they have to start liquidating. That is the reality we are facing, and that is not very long. That is the reason why this body needs to understand that we need to send strong messages to the adminis-tration that they can’t use farms, ranches, and small businesses as bar-gaining chips. Their livelihoods are on the line. Earlier this month, I hosted a round-table discussion on tariffs at the Bil-lings Chamber of Commerce. I was able to meet Montanans eyeball to eyeball, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18JY6.012 S18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5036 July 18, 2018 
and I heard their concerns. This is not a political issue. These tariffs aren’t targeted toward Democrats or Repub-licans. They are targeted at everyone. Ag producers at this moment in time are probably carrying the majority of the load. It needs to stop before the damage is irreversible. My grandparents homesteaded the land that we farm and lived through the 1930s. My folks, who took over the land, took the farm over in the early 1940s and lived through a lot of hard times themselves. My wife and I took the farm over in the late 1970s, and we saw what happened in the 1980s. We have seen what happens in agriculture, where so many of the folks can’t make it on the farm anymore, and they have to have jobs off the farm to be able to make the books balance. These tariffs are making things hard-er. We have been down difficult paths in this country before. I don’t believe we can afford another punch to the gut in rural America. I will continue to fight for and defend the folks who put food on our table, but their bottom lines are being severely, severely im-pacted by this trade war. Now look, the legislation we passed last week is a start. The Senate version of the farm bill provides a safety net, but I am here to state that if things continue to go south for our markets, we are going to be faced with a bill that dumps a bunch of money into pro-duction agriculture to keep these folks afloat. Why? Because of tariffs that are being put on ag products. It doesn’t have to be this way. We are an equal branch of govern-ment. I believe that both Republicans and Democrats can work on this issue in a commonsense way, especially in this body. The administration needs to understand that if they keep con-tinuing down this war of who can put the most tariffs on products, we are going to have a hard time keeping our businesses afloat, particularly our fam-ily farms and ranches in this country. That will not help with food security for our country, and the long-term neg-ative impacts of that are unacceptable. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority whip. 
NOMINATION OF BRETT KAVANAUGH  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, it has been a little more than a week since President Trump announced his nomi-nation of Judge Brett Kavanaugh to fill the vacancy on the Supreme Court left by the impending retirement of Justice Anthony Kennedy. In that short period of time, we have seen some of our friends across the aisle run through an almost impressive set of rhetorical calisthenics in an attempt to tank Judge Kavanaugh’s confirma-tion before it even had a chance to begin. ‘‘He will overturn this case or this law,’’ they claim. ‘‘He will not be a check on the President,’’ they have tried to say. They have even suggested that he charged too much for baseball season tickets on his credit card—hor-ror of horrors. Multiple fact-checkers have debunked each of these claims, so they have moved on. More recently, we have heard from some of our Democratic colleagues that they want to review every single piece of paper—every email, every memo, every document that has passed across Brett Kavanaugh’s desk at any point in his career. Reviewing relevant and important documents is a perfectly normal part of confirming a judicial nominee, but using that as an excuse to delay, foot- drag, and obstruct is not acceptable. We know that the effort to get every memo from the Bush White House dur-ing the time he served as Staff Sec-retary there is really laughable and is only a fishing expedition designed to delay his confirmation until after the Supreme Court begins its work the first Monday in October. For example, as Staff Secretary, he would have had the responsibility to basically manage the paper flow across the President’s desk. These aren’t just documents that he, himself, has gen-erated. In fact, I suspect that with the overwhelming majority of them, he would have had nothing to do with cre-ating them. He wouldn’t be the author. He wouldn’t be making policy rec-ommendations. Basically, he would have navigated all of the documents that went across the President’s desk to make sure that they had been re-viewed by the appropriate person and that they would have been checked for accuracy. The ideas that every single piece of paper that went across Presi-dent George W. Bush’s desk should be somehow relevant and that we should delay confirmation until we have all had a chance to read it are ridiculous. Is what President Bush had for dinner 14 years ago relevant to Judge Kavanaugh’s fitness to serve on the Su-preme Court? Obviously not. Just as, in 2010, the committee quick-ly processed Justice Kagan, who spent many years in the Clinton White House, I am confident we can expedi-tiously and efficiently review Judge Kavanaugh’s relevant background ma-terials to make sure the vote on his confirmation occurs before the Su-preme Court reconvenes in October. Under Chairman G RASSLEY ’s leader-ship, the Judiciary Committee will work to produce as many documents as are relevant and possible so that every Senator can do their due diligence. An important part of our constitutional responsibility is to provide advice and consent, as the Constitution itself says. The most important thing to remem-ber is that unlike the Kagan nomina-tion, we have 12 years of service on the bench by Judge Kavanaugh. He served on the DC Circuit Court of Appeals in what has often been called the second most important court in the Nation be-cause it is located in the District of Co-lumbia. Most of the major cases involv-ing huge policy disputes confronting the Federal Government have made their way through his court, and he has written opinions—majority opinions and dissenting opinions—which have all been reviewed by the U.S. Supreme Court. I submit that would be the best evidence of what kind of Justice he would be on the Supreme Court. What kind of judge has he been on the DC Circuit? That is the best evidence. We shouldn’t indulge requests for these fishing expeditions and paper chases that will lead to nothing other than delay. It is important that the vetting process be deliberative and thorough, and it will be. But the vol-ume of documents requested shouldn’t be just a pretext to draw this out for political purposes. Here is an important factoid: Nearly half of the Democratic caucus has al-ready said that they will vote no on Judge Kavanaugh’s confirmation to the Supreme Court. Are they going to be requesting documents? Are they going to be saying ‘‘Well, I want to look at everything that came across his desk’’ when they have already announced their public opposition? Five of them announced their opposi-tion before Judge Kavanaugh was even named. In other words, they would op-pose anyone who is nominated by this President. We saw an attempt to fili-buster the nomination of Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court, which resulted in the change of the precedent. We low-ered the number of votes to close off debate from 60 votes to 51 votes be-cause we realized that some across the aisle were so determined to vote against any nominee of this Presi-dent—no matter how well qualified— there was no way we could confirm a well-qualified candidate. So we changed that. Both Justices Sotomayor and Gorsuch were confirmed just 66 days after they were nominated. In the case of Judge Kavanaugh, if that same time-table held up, we would be voting on his confirmation about September 13— well in advance of the October deadline when the Court reconvenes. We will have plenty of time to thoroughly vet this nominee in a similar timeframe, which is consistent with the confirma-tion process for both Republican and Democratic Presidents. I had the good fortune to sit down with Judge Kavanaugh last week and to renew my acquaintance with him, which first occurred in 2000. As I have recounted here on the floor, when I was attorney general of Texas, I had the privilege to argue a case in front of the U.S. Supreme Court. As one of the best qualified appellate lawyers in the coun-try, having clerked on the Supreme Court, as well, he was one of the law-yers who helped me get ready for that oral argument. I had a chance not only to get to know him in 2000 but to follow his ca-reer on the DC Circuit Court of Ap-peals. He has consistently impressed me with his thoughtfulness, his delib-erativeness, his outstanding legal and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18JY6.013 S18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5037 July 18, 2018 
academic credentials, and, of course, his experience on the DC Circuit Court of Appeals. He was candid and open, professional and impressive. I hope all of our colleagues will meet with Judge Kavanaugh to see for them-selves. I have been told that he has been making calls to some Democratic Senators’ offices, and they refuse to see him at all. He is an accomplished jurist who will fairly and faithfully apply the law as written and adhere to the text of the Constitution, as judges are obligated to do, and leave the policymaking and the politics to the Congress and the execu-tive branch. I look forward to con-tinuing our vetting process and voting to confirm Judge Kavanaugh this fall— well in advance of the October term of the Supreme Court. On a separate note, Mr. President, this afternoon, we will vote to confirm another accomplished legal mind, Andy Oldham, to the Federal Court of Ap-peals for the Fifth Circuit, which in-cludes Texas. Andy will join two other judges whom we have already confirmed in the Fifth Circuit earlier this year: Don Willett, a former member of the Texas Supreme Court, and Jim Ho, my former chief counsel, someone with impec-cable legal credentials. They are al-ready on the Fifth Circuit. I am de-lighted that Andy Oldham will be join-ing them. As we like to say in Texas, Andy wasn’t born there, but he got there as fast as he could. He grew up in Rich-mond, VA, where his parents instilled within him a sense of hard work. His father put himself through college, and his mother was one of the first women to attend the University of Virginia. Following their examples, Andy at-tended the University of Virginia and was awarded the prestigious title of Jefferson Scholar. While he was at UVA, he helped found an advocacy group to prevent sexual assault. His group was particularly focused on edu-cating young men on their responsibil-ities when it comes to sexual violence. From there, he attended the Univer-sity of Cambridge as a Truman Schol-ar, graduated with first class honors, and then went to law school at Har-vard—very impressive academic cre-dentials. During law school, he helped rep-resent a death row inmate in a habeas corpus petition and won a temporary stay of execution in the U.S. Supreme Court. Based on Andy’s hard work, the then-Governor of Virginia, who is now a Member of the Senate, commuted the defendant’s sentence to life without pa-role based upon Andy’s legal represen-tation. After law school, he went on to clerk for Judge Sentelle on the DC Circuit Court of Appeals, which I spoke about in connection with Brett Kavanaugh. Then he served as an attorney to the Department of Justice’s Office of Legal Counsel; that is, the lawyers for the lawyers at the Department of Justice’s Office of Legal Counsel, who issue au-thoritative guidance for the Depart-ment of Justice. And then, of course, he served as a law clerk for Justice Alito on the Supreme Court. Following a period of private prac-tice, the State of Texas came calling, and Andy became a deputy solicitor general in the office of the Texas attor-ney general; then it was Greg Abbott, whom he later followed to the Gov-ernor’s office, where he now serves as Governor Abbott’s general counsel. On behalf of the State of Texas, Andy has argued two cases before the U.S. Supreme Court and filed countless briefs in support of the State. Because of his background and experience, Andy has earned bipartisan support, re-ceiving recommendations from the general counsel to the Obama Founda-tion, as well as the Texas attorney gen-eral’s office. In his confirmation hearing before the Judiciary Committee, Andy spoke about his transition from a role as an advocate to that of a jurist. He ex-plained how he views the role of a ju-rist as ‘‘fundamentally different,’’ which it is. He went on to say that ‘‘the oath of a jurist is simply to administer justice impartially, to do equal right by rich and poor, and to discharge justice in an equal and fair manner.’’ This is exactly the type of judge we should want serv-ing on our courts—someone who is im-partial, not someone who will push for a particular ideology or political agen-da on the bench. I believe Andy will follow this philosophy of impartially and fairly administering the law. Andy spent all but 3 years of his ca-reer in public service, and he has advo-cated on behalf of Texans for many years. I am confident he will continue to serve them and the rest of the coun-try well, and I look forward to sup-porting his nomination this afternoon. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). The Senator from Utah. 
NOMINATION OF BRETT KAVANAUGH  
Mr. HATCH. Madam President, I rise today to discuss the confirmation proc-ess for Brett Kavanaugh. By any hon-est measure, President Trump’s nomi-nee, Judge Kavanaugh, is exceptionally well qualified to serve on the Supreme Court. When he was nominated to the DC Circuit, he already had stellar cre-dentials, a keen intellect, and an im-pressive knowledge of the law. He was confirmed to the DC Circuit Court in 2006, following years of Democratic ob-struction. I have followed his work closely on that court for over a decade. His judicial record never ceases to im-press. A nominee with such a sterling rep-utation should receive wide bipartisan support. But over the years, I have seen firsthand the deterioration of the judicial confirmation process. When Justice Kennedy announced his retire-ment, I knew the Democrats would, again, play politics with the Supreme Court. It is what they have done for more than three decades. It is a matter of grave concern to me, especially with an eminently qualified nominee. They are casting about looking for some-thing—really, anything—to stop Judge Kavanaugh’s confirmation. Because Democrats want political judges, they politicize the confirma-tion process. This is what they did to oppose Justice Neil Gorsuch when he was nominated. They took a few cases out of the thousands he had decided and distorted what he had said. They attacked him as being unfit to serve. They said he was unqualified to be a Justice, but Justice Gorsuch had an unassailable record as a principled ju-rist on the Federal bench. We fought back against the misrepre-sentations, the caricatures, and the ex-aggerations, and the American people saw through the Democrats’ ruse. They saw the kind of Justice Neil Gorsuch would be—a Justice who says what the law is, not what he wants it to be, a Justice who respects the separation of powers, a Justice who will stand up to the executive and legislative branches when they overreach. I believe the American people will see the same thing when they look at Judge Kavanaugh. The debate over Judge Kavanaugh’s confirmation should be a debate over his qualifications. Does he understand the proper role of a judge under our Constitution? Does he have the experi-ence needed? Will he respect our Con-stitution and the rule of law? With hundreds of opinions, Judge Kavanaugh has built a reputation as being one of the most respected and in-fluential judges in the entire country. His incisive reasoning has led the Su-preme Court to adopt his positions in at least 12 cases. Fidelity to the Constitution and to the rule of law are hallmarks of his opinions. Importantly, his vast body of work shows a deep commitment to the separation of powers. His opinions dem-onstrate his commitment to the prin-ciple that judges should interpret the law, not make it. Judge Kavanaugh should be asked questions about his rulings and his ap-proach to the law. As a judge, he has developed a reputation for his prepara-tion in court. I have no doubt that he can stand up under the most rigorous questioning. Yet what we have seen so far is a mix of hyperbole, mudslinging, and distor-tion. Attacks aimed at Judge Kavanaugh have not focused on wheth-er he is qualified to serve. They have not focused on whether he understands the role of a judge. They have not fo-cused on how he will interpret the Con-stitution and the laws passed by Con-gress. When it comes to what we should be asking about a nominee, what we have seen so far is not even in the ball-park. After scouring Judge Kavanaugh’s fi-nancial disclosure, progressives thought they had struck gold with a shocking revelation that would, surely, turn public opinion against him. So 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18JY6.015 S18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5038 July 18, 2018 
what salacious scandal did they un-cover? What damning evidence did they find that would dash all hopes of con-firmation? The Presiding Officer is not going to believe this, but they discovered that Judge Kavanaugh enjoys America’s pastime. That is right. Judge Kavanaugh loves baseball—horrors. Honestly, I couldn’t believe it either. But wait. It gets worse. Not only does Judge Kavanaugh love baseball, but he was once a season tick-et holder at Nationals Park. OK, but here is the real kicker. Judge Kavanaugh bought those season tickets with a credit card—with a credit card of all things. As was the Presiding Offi-cer, I was speechless too. I have been racking my brain all week trying to figure out how a credit card-using base-ball fan could slip through the cracks of the White House’s vetting process. Now, I am being facetious to prove a point. We are only 9 days into the con-firmation process, and progressive op-position is already beyond parody. Of course, this is nothing new. Every-thing we have seen so far comes di-rectly from the Democrats’ playbook. Throw every rumor, half-truth, and ex-aggeration at the nominee, and just see what sticks. When nothing sticks, dou-ble down on partisan attacks, take past statements out of context, mischaracterize his positions, and lob a hyperbolic Hail Mary if you have to. Do everything you can to denigrate, disparage, and dehumanize the nomi-nee no matter his qualifications or character. If Democrats continue down this path, we are going to lose all ability to debate matters of public importance. We cannot expect that all debate will be well reasoned, but opposition should, at the very least, be rational. It should never be hysterical. The rhet-oric used to oppose Judge Kavanaugh crosses that line. Just last week, when speaking about Judge Kavanaugh’s impressive resume, I said you could not knock Yale, Har-vard, or Georgetown. Maybe I spoke too soon. Shortly after the announce-ment that Judge Kavanaugh would be the nominee, Yale Law School released a statement with praise of Judge Kavanaugh from professors and admin-istrators. One professor even noted that ‘‘poli-tics have deeply harmed our Supreme Court nomination process,’’ but she lauded Judge Kavanaugh as being a ‘‘true intellectual,’’ an ‘‘incomparable mentor,’’ and a ‘‘fair-minded jurist who believes in the rule of law.’’ She went on to say that ‘‘he is humble, collegial, and cares deeply about the federal courts.’’ The response from some Yale Law School students, staff, and alumni was swift, forceful, uncompromising, and completely ridiculous: ‘‘People will die if he is confirmed.’’ As these Yale alumni were feverishly opposing the nomination, Judge Kavanaugh was spotted volunteering his time with a local charity to distribute food to the poor. His decision to keep his commit-ment to volunteer the week he was nominated to the Supreme Court says more about Judge Kavanaugh than any letter could. This overwrought reaction, sadly, comes as no surprise. Crying wolf is the left’s trademark strategy in attempts to sabotage Republican nominees. Back in 1990, a group that opposed then- nominee David Souter warned that he was a threat to the ‘‘lives, health and livelihoods of millions of women and their families.’’ It wasn’t true then, and it isn’t true now. I hope that the Senate can raise the level of debate as we consider the nom-ination. In doing so, we should focus on whether Judge Kavanaugh is qualified. I hope my Democratic colleagues can resist the temptation to politicize this nomination as they have with others in the past. Some of what we are seeing now has me worried. We have also heard a lot from Demo-crats about how important trans-parency is to the confirmation process. Because of Judge Kavanaugh’s long record of public service to our Nation, the executive branch has been asked to produce a large number of documents. Democrats have been demanding that they be given access to these docu-ments as quickly as possible. Some of my colleagues have ex-pressed shock that Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein requested that assistant U.S. attorneys help to review these documents. The truth is that the Office of Legal Policy at the Justice Department always assists with nomi-nations, and that Office is composed mostly of career attorneys. It is not uncommon for attorneys from other of-fices in the Justice Department to help with the review of nominations. The government attorneys at the De-partment of Justice who work on nomi-nations are extraordinarily thorough. Given the reportedly large number of documents, it makes sense that to fa-cilitate this process, the DOJ would seek extra help. When we spoke last week, Judge Kavanaugh said he was proud of his opinions, and he hoped people would actually read them rather than just read about them. I think those who do that will be just as impressed by Judge Kavanaugh’s work as I am. I hope Sen-ators will take the time to sit down with him. Judge Kavanaugh has spent more than 23 years in public service. As a good man, a decent man, and an honest man, Judge Kavanaugh is the type of person we should all hope is nominated to a seat on the U.S. Supreme Court. That is why I am so pleased that Presi-dent Trump nominated Judge Kavanaugh. I intend to do everything I can to support his nomination, and I hope that all other Senators will do the same. We have to quit this mudslinging and mischaracterizing of people’s char-acters. Judge Kavanaugh is one of the finest people I know. He is also one of the smartest. He is conservative—no question about that—but he is honest. To me, these are some of the most im-portant keys to these judgeship posi-tions. I hope we get rid of the unjust representations against the judge. I hope we will start treating the Senate like the great deliberative body it real-ly is. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BARRASSO. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. (The remarks of Mr. B
ARRASSO per-taining to the introduction of S. 3229 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) Mr. BARRASSO. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BARRASSO. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
NOMINATION OF BRETT KAVANAUGH  
Mr. BARRASSO. Madam President, last week, President Trump nominated Judge Brett Kavanaugh to serve on the U.S. Supreme Court. People have begun looking over his extensive record, and he has been getting rave reviews around the country. Just look at a few of the headlines we have seen across the country. The New York Times, July 10: ‘‘A conservative stalwart wins praise for his intellect and civility.’’ The New York Times—it is astonishing. The Wall Street Journal said: ‘‘Trump’s nominee will be an intellec-tual leader on the bench.’’ The Detroit News said his record sug-gests that ‘‘he will maintain a commit-ment to interpreting the law as it is written, and not how he may wish it had been crafted.’’ That is exactly what Americans should be looking for in a Supreme Court Justice because a judge’s job is to apply the law, not to rewrite it. People looking at Judge Kavanaugh’s record and reaching the conclusion that he knows the right way to ap-proach this very important job. It is not just newspapers that are saying wonderful things and singing the praise of Judge Kavanaugh; legal scholars are lining up to commend his independence and his wisdom as a judge. Some of them are extremely lib-eral people he has worked with over the years. They just respect him that much as a judge who they find has been devoted to the law and the Constitu-tion. Imagine that. That is what we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18JY6.017 S18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5039 July 18, 2018 
should expect in anybody who serves as a Justice on the Supreme Court. A law professor from Yale wrote an op-ed for the New York Times last week titled ‘‘A liberal’s case for Brett Kavanaugh.’’ The professor called Judge Kavanaugh ‘‘a superb nominee’’ and said that ‘‘it is hard to name any-one with judicial credentials as strong as those of Judge Kavanaugh.’’ Another liberal law professor called him a ‘‘highly qualified mainstream conservative judge.’’ He cited Judge Kavanaugh’s reasoning as ‘‘an example of the judging ideal, setting aside ide-ology and party politics, and just try-ing to get the law right.’’ That is a lib-eral former law professor. He said Judge Kavanaugh gives ‘‘an inde-pendent judiciary the job it is supposed to do: Interpret the law.’’ There are lawyers who have appeared before Judge Kavanaugh who said the same things. I am not a lawyer, I haven’t done these sorts of things, but I understand there are surveys of law-yers who appear before judges in court, people who have won cases and people who have lost cases. They put up their ideas about what they thought about the judge afterward. Across the board, they called him ‘‘an excellent judge.’’ They said that he ‘‘has a history of excellent legal argu-ment and analysis,’’ someone who can think intellectually, think clearly, and come up with a legal argument and analysis to make the assessment, to apply the law as written. One lawyer actually said: ‘‘It is daunting and hum-bling to be in front of that brain-power.’’ This was an anonymous survey of lawyers who appear before Judge Kavanaugh. I don’t know if they won or lost, but people get to put in their opinions, winners and losers, after cases in anonymous surveys. ‘‘It is daunting and humbling to be in front of that brainpower.’’ This wasn’t peo-ple just trying to kiss up to the judge to win favor in a case; these are results from people after the case who were just telling it like it is. ‘‘Excellent legal judgment,’’ they say. If you look beyond the courtroom, people are just as willing to talk about Judge Kavanaugh’s character as a per-son, not just a judge. That is part of it—to look at somebody’s legal philos-ophy, their intellect, and their char-acter—when trying to assess a judge who has been nominated, to say: Is this person the right person to be a Justice on the Supreme Court? The Washington Post even ran a piece by a woman who knows Judge Kavanaugh because he coaches her daughter’s basketball team. She wrote that she was impressed by ‘‘his traits of personal kindness, leadership, and willingness to help when called on.’’ There are three things I look for in a nominee for the Supreme Court: judi-cial philosophy, a strong intellect, and a solid character. What we are hearing is overwhelming evidence from people who know him that Judge Kavanaugh has all of these qualities. He is some-one who takes the law and the Con-stitution at face value. The Constitution is a legal docu-ment, not a living document, and it was built for certainty. He knows that a judge’s job is to ‘‘interpret the law,’’ not to legislate from the bench, ‘‘not to make the law or make policy.’’ That is what he actually said in a speech last year. He has an extremely strong intellect, and I can’t imagine there is anyone out there who can deny that. ‘‘It is daunting and humbling to be in front of that brainpower’’—this is what one of the lawyers who appeared before him said. And he is a person of solid char-acter. That is what we are hearing from people who have known him over the years from being extremely active in the community. The New York Times summarized it: ‘‘A conservative stalwart wins praise for his intellect and civility.’’ So what is there for Democrats to come to the floor and object to? Why are they objecting to all of this? Why are some Democrats already saying they oppose a judge known for his in-tellect and civility? They were actu-ally saying it before he was even named by President Trump. Whomever President Trump names, they are going to vote no. It is astonishing to see Democrats making that decision. Then they are asking for reams and reams of documents after they have already said they are against Judge Kavanaugh. What are they looking for? It is amaz-ing. That is what I believe the big dif-ference is between Republicans and Democrats in Washington: Republican Presidents choose judges and justices to follow the law; Democratic Presi-dents seem to pick judges and justices who are guaranteed to push liberal policies and liberal agendas, pre-conceived notions of how they should rule on a case before they hear the facts. They know the way they are going to go, maybe using things like emotion, sympathy, and empathy. The Constitution is a legal document. Even though you have legal experts from around the political world and around the spectrum of all sides of the aisle who praise his intellect and civil-ity, it is not good enough for the lib-eral activists in this country. They don’t even want to consider Judge Kavanaugh’s qualifications, and they have said it here on the floor of the Senate and on television, if you listen. They are already making opposition to his nomination a liberal litmus test for Democrats in this Senate, and I am sorry to say that more than a few Democrats seem to be playing along. We have seen Democrats in the Senate who have already said that they don’t care about Judge Kavanaugh’s intel-lect; they don’t care that he is ‘‘just trying to get the law right’’; they don’t care that, as one lawyer said, ‘‘it is hard to name anyone with judicial cre-dentials as strong as those of Judge Kavanaugh.’’ When you have someone with these qualifications, Senators ought to be looking at his record. They should look at the 300 decisions he has written in 12 years on the bench. It is absolutely the right thing to look at. They should meet him and talk with him. We have just begun this confirmation hearing process. I hope that more Democrats in the Senate will have an open mind about this nominee. I hope they will consider the kind of person we should have on the Supreme Court and then make their decisions about whether Judge Kavanaugh has those qualities. From what I have seen, he absolutely does. I plan to continue to look into his record and listen to people who know him best. I plan to sit down and talk with him. Everything I have seen so far tells me that this is someone who is ex-actly the kind of Justice we need on the Supreme Court. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. 
NATIONAL SECURITY  
Mr. CARDIN. Madam President, to my colleagues, let me just say that we must speak out and act. President Trump’s appearance with Russia’s President Putin—a U.S. Presi-dent capitulating to a strongman dic-tator, unprecedented in American his-tory—compromised America’s national security and brings into question whether America can be relied upon as the leader of the free world. With Mr. Trump standing with Mr. Putin while he discredited America’s investigation into Russian meddling— this is an American President, with a dictator, challenging the investigation being done against Russia—the Presi-dent questioned the conclusions of U.S. intelligence agencies. He left unchal-lenged Mr. Putin’s lies and illegal mili-tary invasions. In short, Mr. Trump did Mr. Putin’s bidding. In Russia, they are smiling; at the White House, they are scrambling. Congress must speak out and act. Congress must repudiate the Presi-dent’s actions to make clear to the American people and the world that Russia, directed by Mr. Putin, attacked our free election system in 2016 and tried to tip the scales in favor of Mr. Trump. Russia illegally invaded the sov-ereign state of Ukraine and illegally annexed Crimea, which the United States must make clear we will never recognize. Russia, under Mr. Putin, murders its political opponents and journalists. Russia has interfered in the politics of several European demo-cratic states. Six months ago, I authored, on behalf of the Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee Democrats, a report entitled ‘‘Putin’s Asymmetrical Assault on De-mocracy in Russia and Europe: Impli-cations for U.S. National Security.’’ I sent a copy of that report to Presi-dent Trump and hoped that he would absorb it and use it in his meeting with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18JY6.020 S18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5040 July 18, 2018 
Mr. Putin. Unfortunately, he either didn’t read it or didn’t heed the advice in that report. That report spells out in detail the asymmetrical arsenal that Mr. Putin uses. Yes, he uses his military, propa-ganda, and cyber; he supports orga-nized crime and corruption, weaponizes energy, and supports fringe political groups, all to attack our democratic system of government. The report spells out numerous rec-ommendations for steps we should take to protect our national security against what Russia is trying to do to us. The report spells out several rec-ommendations I just want to under-score today. We urge the President to assert Presidential leadership and launch a national response, an inter-agency response, so we make it clear that we will not tolerate this. Mr. Trump has done just the oppo-site. He has downplayed any signifi-cance to what Russia has done, has not allowed us to have a coordinated effort with the executive branch, and has fought what Congress has tried to do in giving him additional resources in order to prepare us against what Mr. Putin is doing. The report goes on to further rec-ommend that we expose and freeze Kremlin-linked dirty money. The ad-ministration has not done that. It goes on to say that we should sub-ject state hybrid threat actors to an es-calating sanctions regime. Here Con-gress did act. We passed the CAATSA statute, which requires—these are mandatory sanctions against Russia because of what they did to us in 2016 and what they did in regard to the Ukraine and their other activities. This administration has not fully uti-lized those sanctions that are available under the legislation we passed. The report calls for publicizing the Kremlin’s global malign influence ef-forts and building an international coa-lition to counter hybrid threats. Mr. Trump did just the opposite in his most recent foreign trip. In his performance in Brussels with NATO and then later in London, he not only took the oppor-tunity to criticize two of our closest al-lies, Mrs. Merkel in Germany and Ms. May in London, England—the U.K.— but he also challenged the unity of Eu-rope, weighing in with regard to Brexit and the politics of Brexit. That is not how the President brings unity among our allies in order to stand tall against the threats of Russia. The report goes on to say that we need to build global cyber defenses and norms. Congress has appropriated funds; the administration has not fully utilized those funds. We need to hold social media compa-nies accountable. We see the infiltra-tion of Russia into our social media platforms. Europe has already taken action to make sure that it identifies and is protected against infiltration of foreign entities getting involved in try-ing to influence policy in their coun-try. The United States, under Mr. Trump, has not taken similar action. First and foremost, we need to recog-nize Russia for what it is today—not the Russian people, but under the lead-ership of Mr. Putin, Russia is an adver-sary. They are against our system of government, and they are trying to bring down our system of government. I saw the President’s tweet this morning, and I just want to acknowl-edge that we want to have relations with all countries in the world. I want the relationship between the United States and Russia to be on a better pla-teau, but it has to be under our terms, not Mr. Putin’s terms. That is the problem with what the President did in Helsinki. He allowed Mr. Putin to con-trol the dialogue and allowed Mr. Putin to look as though everything he is doing is reasonable when it is not. If you give Mr. Putin space, he will push to fill it, and then he will go even fur-ther. Ten years ago, Mr. Putin saw an op-portunity. He saw an opportunity to put a wedge in regard to the NATO ex-pansion and the growth of a unified Western Front. He saw that oppor-tunity in the independent state of Georgia, and he took advantage of that. Russian troops invaded. They are still there today, and Georgia is still not part of NATO. Mr. Putin’s strategy paid off. The Western World gave him that open space; he took advantage of it. In 2014, Mr. Putin, based upon his ex-perience in Georgia—and also, by the way, based upon his experience in Moldova—said ‘‘Well, we can do the same in Ukraine,’’ and they invaded Ukraine. They took over Crimea; they illegally annexed Crimea, and guess what. Ukraine, today, is nowhere clos-er to being a NATO ally as a result of Mr. Putin’s strategies. It worked for him, not for us. That is not in our national security interest. The President gives him a pass. They tried it in Montenegro. Russia financed operations of a coup to try to prevent the parliamentary elections from having a government that would ratify NATO. The people of Montenegro stood up and said no. They fought it, and they won. Now Montenegro is a NATO ally. We can’t give this space to Mr. Putin. Mr. Putin, not just in the United States, but in Europe, interfered in elections. But what happened in 2016 in America? This is a fact; this is not sub-ject to debate. We know that Russia, directed by Mr. Putin, interfered in our elections. That has been confirmed by our intelligence community. It has been confirmed by our own Intelligence Committee here in the U.S. Senate. This is not something that you debate. We know that is a fact. We understand the President has tried to convince the public here in America that may not be true, but those are the facts. We know the facts. We are privy to the facts. We know that Russia interfered in our elections, but the message from Helsinki, President Trump’s message to President Putin, is: OK. Let’s move on. That gives space to Mr. Putin. His calculation: 2018 is fair game. I can do whatever I want in the U.S. elections. After all, I know the President will be on my side and will not hold me, Rus-sia, accountable for interference in the U.S. elections. That is certainly not in our interest. Congress must speak out and act. We have to protect this country. It is our responsibility. We are an independent branch of government. We need to speak out on behalf of our Nation. Let me just lay out issues that I hope we will work on not only in response to the President’s summit with Mr. Putin but also because it is our responsibility as an independent branch of govern-ment to speak out for America. First, we need to protect the integ-rity of the Mueller investigation. I am not going to prejudge what the Mueller investigation will come in with. I have confidence that Mr. Mueller will do his work. Mr. Trump has been openly critical over and over and over and over again about this investigation. It is out-rageous that the head of the executive branch of government is trying to com-promise the checks and balances in our own system, but we have to make sure that the checks and balances remain. We have to make sure that we protect the integrity of the Mueller investiga-tion. Congress needs to pass legislation, and there is legislation that has been recommended by our Judiciary Com-mittee that would protect the integrity of the Mueller campaign. We should take up that legislation and pass it im-mediately. I said that I will not prejudge what Mr. Mueller will come in with. We know there are people who have been indicted. We know that Russia has been engaged in the election. We know that some Americans were involved. Was there collusion with the Trump campaign? It will be up to the Mueller investigation to give us those findings. But we do know from Helsinki that Mr. Trump openly colluded with Mr. Putin in regard to an orchestrated message coming out of Helsinki. Secondly, Congress needs to exercise its oversight capacity with hearings. That is our responsibility. I was pleased to see that Senator C
ORKER announced that Mike Pompeo, the Secretary of State, will be before the Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee on Wednesday of next week. This meeting is long overdue. Let me just remind my colleagues that this meeting is being set up to get our very first briefing on what hap-pened in Singapore in the President’s meeting with Kim Jong Un in North Korea. We haven’t had a single briefing in Congress on the North Korean sum-mit. Now we have Mr. Pompeo coming up here for North Korea. I urge Mr. Pompeo and Senator C
ORKER to make sure that Mr. Pompeo is prepared and has the time not only to address North 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18JY6.022 S18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5041 July 18, 2018 
Korea but also to address what hap-pened in Helsinki. We have a right, an obligation, to find out. While we are able to question rep-resentatives from the executive branch in regard to Helsinki, let’s make sure that we have a chance to talk to Jon Huntsman, our Ambassador to Russia, to get his take, his assessment of what happened. We need to talk to our Di-rector of National Intelligence as to his assessments. We need to have oversight hearings here in Congress. Most importantly, we need to under-stand what happened in the room— where it happened—where Mr. Putin and Mr. Trump spent over 2 hours. We have no information about what hap-pened in that room. We have a respon-sibility as Members of Congress to un-derstand what discussions took place, what commitments in regard to our elections, in regard to Ukraine, in re-gard to Syria, in regard to North Korea, in regard to Iran. We have a lot of interest in knowing what took place, and we should get that information now. That is our constitutional respon-sibility. We need to speak out and act to carry out our responsibility. This is not a partisan issue. This is a constitutional issue of what we do. We are a check and balance in the system. The public expects us to act that way and to get that information. We should also strengthen the sanc-tions regime against Russia. I say that mindful that the bill we passed last year, the CAASTA bill—I worked very closely with my colleagues in drafting that bill—provides a whole array of op-tions to President Trump to impose new sanctions against Russia for their activities. Many of these sanctions, by the way, are mandatory. The President has no discretion. I say that with some disbelief because these sanctions have not been imposed yet, even though they are mandatory sanctions. So Congress needs to speak out and act. We need to speak out to make sure these sanctions are indeed imposed, and we have to make sure we strength-en the sanctions regime, if the Presi-dent needs more of a reminder or needs additional tools in order to act against Russia. One thing we want to make crystal clear is, we don’t want to see the weakening of any of these sanc-tions. I think many of us know about conversations that took place in the past about Mr. Trump’s thoughts about easing up some of these sanctions. We have to make sure that, in fact, they are not. It was interesting that during the summit, there was a conversation against Mr. Browder about the Magnitsky sanctions that have been imposed by Congress. Browder worked with Senator M
CCAINon that legisla-tion. We have to make sure those sanc-tions remain in place and are strength-ened, not weakened. That is our re-sponsibility to make sure that takes place. We must also make sure that we pro-tect the integrity of our election sys-tem. We have appropriated funds for this. There is legislation that is pend-ing by Members of the Senate on both sides of the aisle. We now know we are even more vulnerable. We have seen some indictments of late that point out what Russia could be doing in the 2018 elections, which are only less than 4 months away. One of the fundamental principles of our democracy is our free and fair elec-tions. We have a responsibility to make sure they are free from international tampering and the influence Russia may try to play in this election cycle. We need to take concrete steps to make sure that is done. Lastly, I suggest that the Senate go on record repudiating President Trump’s actions in Helsinki. The Re-publican leadership should bring to the floor of the U.S. Senate such a resolu-tion. It is our responsibility to consider such a resolution. By passing such a resolution, we can restore confidence to the American people and to the world that the United States, indeed, is the leader of the free world. Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, I op-pose the nomination of Andrew Oldham to the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals. Mr. Oldham is only 39 years old. He checks the Federalist Society box, hav-ing been a member since law school of that rightwing legal group that vets all of President Trump’s nominees. Mr. Oldham has spent much of his career litigating on behalf of Republican elected officials in Texas State govern-ment, where he worked on challenges to the Affordable Care Act, the DACA and DAPA programs, the Voting Rights Act, Fair Housing Act regulations, ‘‘Ban the Box’’ regulations on job ap-plications, and Clean Air Act regula-tions, among many others. Mr. Oldham’s extreme ideology is ap-parent from statements he has made in his personal capacity. At his nomina-tion hearing, he refused to say that the landmark Supreme Court case Brown v. Board of Education was correctly de-cided. That was an astonishing mo-ment. Every Supreme Court nominee who has been asked this question has said he or she believed Brown v. Board was correctly decided. In recent hear-ings before the Judiciary Committee, nominees have answered yes to this question without hesitation; yet Mr. Oldham wouldn’t answer. If a nominee refuses to say that Brown v. Board was correctly decided, it certainly raises questions in my mind about the nominee’s judgment, but that is not all Mr. Oldham has said. At his hearing, he refused to say whether he agreed that voter discrimi-nation still exists in the United States. He gave an interview in 2016 where he described the Supreme Court as ‘‘the most dangerous branch’’ and said ‘‘they often fail to enforce our sacred rights that are in the Constitution, while creating rights that are not.’’ Keep in mind, this is a Supreme Court where the majority of justices were ap-pointed by Republican Presidents. He gave a speech to the Federalist Society in 2016 where he said, ‘‘I have particular things that I think are ille-gitimate in the way that we conduct modern American law.’’ He went on to say, ‘‘It’s not that I disagree with a particular Department of Labor regula-tion or a particular IRS regulation; it is the entire existence of this edifice of administrative law that is constitu-tionally suspect.’’ He also wrote in a law review article that ‘‘the Sherman Act, as it is cur-rently understood, is unconstitu-tional.’’ The Sherman Act is one of our foundational antitrust laws; it pro-hibits monopolies and restraints of trade. Mr. Oldham’s views are clearly out-side the judicial mainstream. His own words and writings show an extreme ideological agenda. Of course, like all of President Trump’s nominees, he has promised he would cast all his views aside if con-firmed and simply follow the law. But time after time, we have seen these nominees get confirmed to the bench and then start interpreting the law to produce outcomes that align with their preexisting, Federalist Society-ap-proved views and side with corpora-tions and wealthy elites over working Americans. Mr. Oldham is ideologically extreme, he has shown instances of terrible judg-ment, and he has said things that would make litigants question whether he could be a fair and impartial judge. I oppose his nomination. Mr. CARDIN. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CRUZ. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CRUZ. Madam President, I rise to speak to the integrity of the char-acter and the career of Andy Oldham, the President’s nominee to be a circuit judge for the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Andy represents the best of what Texas’s legal community has to offer to our Federal courts. Andy Oldham was born to high school sweethearts. His parents, like his grandparents be-fore them, knew struggles and knew hard work. Andy’s father was raised in a trailer with four other siblings, and Andy’s grandfather spent years away from his family, first fighting in World War II and then in Korea. His mother was raised by her divorced mother, and Andy’s mother helped manage the household starting at age 8. Growing up in these humble begin-nings taught both of Andy’s parents the value of hard work. His father drove a cement truck and cleaned deep fryers in restaurants to pay his way through college. His mother was one of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18JY6.023 S18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5042 July 18, 2018 
the first women to attend the Univer-sity of Virginia. Together, both en-rolled in the Medical College of Vir-ginia, where his father became a doctor and his mother became a dentist. Andy’s parents had enormous student debts to pay, and so Andy learned what it was like to grow up with little as well, but he likewise learned the value of an education from his parents. Andy went to the University of Vir-ginia on a full academic scholarship, graduating with a perfect 4.0 GPA and at the top of his class. He then became a Truman Scholar and went on to at-tend Harvard Law School. Andy graduated from Harvard Law magna cum laude and clerked for Judge David Sentelle on the DC Cir-cuit, one of the most respected Federal appellate judges in the country, and then clerked for Justice Samuel Alito on the Supreme Court of the United States. He then worked as an attorney advi-sor for 2 years in the Office of Legal Counsel in the U.S. Department of Jus-tice under the George W. Bush adminis-tration. Andy then went into private practice at Kellogg Hansen here in Washington, DC. From there, Andy went to the Texas solicitor general’s office to serve as the deputy solicitor general of Texas. I can state that office is usually a pretty tight ship. After that, he joined Governor Ab-bott to serve as his legal counsel. He is now the general counsel for the Gov-ernor and has spent all but 3 years of his career in public service. If I may say, it shows a depth of char-acter and a devotion to his country that Andy would stay in public service for so long, so dutifully, while forgoing the great rewards that come with pri-vate practice. He is devoted to the practice of law, and over the years, Andy has displayed a keen under-standing of the Constitution and how it applies and guides us to this very day. I am confident Andy will not sub-stitute his own policy preferences, his own opinions for the rule of law, but he will instead serve the people of Texas and the American people by respecting the law as written—as written in the Constitution and as written in Federal law—passed by this Congress and signed by the President. Our courts and our country are well-served by judges with this dedication, wisdom, and for-bearance. In his career, Andy has argued across the country in State and Federal courts. He has appeared and argued nu-merous times before the Fifth Circuit, and he has argued twice before the U.S. Supreme Court. He has earned widespread praise from both Democrats and Republicans, and he was recommended to the Judiciary Committee by esteemed legal voices from both the left and right. Andy is respected across the political spec-trum. I know my colleagues in the Sen-ate will return the same respect when they vote today to confirm Andy Oldham as a circuit judge of the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Andy will be the fifth judge we have confirmed for the Fifth Circuit, one of the finest courts in the country—a court I have been privileged to argue before many times. Andy will be the third Texan and fifth circuit judge in the last year and a half, and that, I think, is one of the greatest legacies of President Trump and this Republican Senate; namely, the confirmation of principled constitutionalists to the Federal court; judges who will be faith-ful to the Constitution and Bill of Rights, who will stand steadfastly to protect our fundamental liberties, to protect free speech and religious lib-erty, to protect the Second Amend-ment, the right to keep and bear arms, to protect the Tenth Amendment, the fundamental liberties of the people against ever-expanding Federal power. This is a legacy that was front and center as to why the American people elected this majority, and it is a legacy that will benefit Texans and Americans for generations to come. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
TRUMP -PUTIN SUMMIT  
Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, as we all know, in this country, in 2016, the Russian Government weighed a covert, multifaceted criminal campaign to interfere in our elections. We now know it was intended to help then-Can-didate Donald Trump win the Presi-dency. We don’t know the full impact of Russia’s interference, but it is be-yond debate that it happened. Russia, as we now found out, used in-flammatory propaganda—it actually was fake news—attempting to suppress Democratic turnout and boost support for Donald Trump. They also stole communications belonging to the Democratic National Committee and the Clinton campaign, which were then strategically released to maximize their impact. They were released at times when they could counter nega-tive news stories about Donald Trump. Just last week, 12 Russian intel-ligence officers were charged with hacking campaign officials’ emails and State election boards. In just over a year—in what may rank as the most productive special counsel investiga-tion in our Nation’s history—32 people and 3 companies have been charged or pled guilty as part of the Russian in-vestigation. We likely will not know the full extent of Russia’s interference until the special counsel’s investiga-tion is complete. But what is clear—and this is what should concern Republicans and Demo-crats alike—is that our democracy, our great country, was attacked by a for-eign adversary. And two days ago, on an international stage, standing shoul-der to shoulder with Vladimir Putin, our President sided with that attacker. Instead of forcefully condemning Russia’s attack on our democracy, its role in annexing Crimea, poisoning in-dividuals with chemical weapons on the soil of one of our closest allies, Russia’s downing of a passenger airline with nearly 300 innocent civilians on-board, or undermining democracies around the world, our President offered only praise for the authoritarian Presi-dent Putin. He then repeated his con-spiracy theories about the FBI and called the Russia investigation a ‘‘witch-hunt’’—denigrating our law en-forcement institutions, while standing beside the foe they work so hard to protect all Americans from—Repub-licans and Democrats alike. In my 44 years as a Senator, I have never seen anything like it. I can think of no Republican President and no Democratic President who would ever do this. I never thought it would be possible in our country before Presi-dent Trump took office. Yesterday, the President attempted to walk back his decision to side with Russia over our own intelligence agen-cies. He attempted to do it because of the criticism he got from both Repub-licans and Democrats, but as many of my colleagues told me would happen, President Trump walked back his walk back. He reiterated that the inter-ference ‘‘could have been other people. There are a lot of people out there.’’ This morning on Twitter—where ap-parently he does his deepest thinking— he claimed that people at the higher ends of intelligence loved his press con-ference in Helsinki. I do not think any-one here doubts that the President meant what he said and said what he meant in Helsinki. And, after their two-hour private meeting in Helsinki, I do not think President Putin has any doubt either. We have to know that Russia shares neither our values nor our interests. Russia is not our friend. Of course, we want to see improved relations with Russia on Syria, on nuclear prolifera-tion, and on many critical issues, but for that to happen, Russia needs to re-spect our democracy and values. We must not slouch down to theirs. The United States is the leader of the free world. The free world is under threat, as it has so often been. But these threats are not supposed to come from within. Just moments ago, when asked if Russia is still targeting the United States, the President inexplicably said ‘‘no.’’ That is not the truth. Russia is still targeting the United States. This is despite his Director of National Intelligence, Dan Coats, con-firming just last week that Russia is, indeed, still targeting our digital infra-structure and interfering in our democ-racy. Director Coats compared it to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18JY6.025 S18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5043 July 18, 2018 
warning signs that emerged prior to the 9/11 attacks, but the President de-nies it is happening. I know Director Coats. I served with him when he was a Republican Senator in this body. I know he would not say this if it were not so. Notwithstanding the President’s saying that Russia is not targeting us, his own Director of National Intelligence says they are. We can’t trust this President’s judgment when it comes to Russia. Remember, the President takes an oath to protect and defend our Nation. When it comes to Russia, it appears he does not intend to abide by his oath to defend and protect our Nation. This Congress is going to be derelict in its duty if it takes no action. All of us have to speak with a single voice in this moment—Republicans and Democrats alike. We should all con-demn the President’s actions, which were as dangerous as they were shame-ful. These condemnations are important, but words are not enough. Remember, Congress is a coequal branch of govern-ment. Remember that the Senate is supposed to be the conscience of the Nation. Let’s act like it. The President, obviously, can’t be trusted to keep his hands off of the Russia investigation. By denigrating it at every opportunity and by dismissing its lead investigator last year, he has repeatedly failed the test. The Senate Judiciary Committee re-cently passed legislation with a strong bipartisan vote. Republicans and Democrats alike voted to protect the special counsel’s investigation. That legislation is before the Senate. Let’s enact it into law. Let’s take what Re-publicans and Democrats together said in the Judiciary Committee—that we will protect the special counsel’s inves-tigation. Let’s vote up or down. Let’s do it and enact it into law. It is often said that the only thing President Putin responds to is strength. Let’s show him that here in the Congress, we stand united in oppo-sition to his ongoing attempts to at-tack our democracy. Believe me, they are ongoing right at this moment. Let’s pass stronger sanctions targeting him and the oligarchs who enable him, who continue to help him because they become billionaires by doing it. Let’s pass a resolution making it clear that if President Trump chooses to stand with President Putin, then he stands alone. The European Union is not our foe. And President Putin is not our friend. Our allies around the world, es-pecially those that have stood with us since World War II, are looking at us at this moment. They are questioning whether the United States will be a re-liable partner in the face of creeping authoritarianism, both at home and abroad. Let’s show them where we stand. This is not about politics. It is not about Republicans or Democrats. This is about who we are as a country and what we stand for as Americans— whether we stand for democracy; whether we stand for freedom, includ-ing the freedom of the press; whether we stand for the rule of law; whether we stand for truth; and whether we stand for America. As a Vermonter and a Senator, I know where I stand. It is time we stand together. 
BLUE -SLIP TRADITION  
Madam President, I believe I have colleagues on the floor who are going to make a unanimous consent request, but before they do, I feel obliged to speak up about the steady erosion of the norms and traditions that protect the Senate’s unique constitutional role with respect to lifetime appointments to our Federal courts. We should all be alarmed by the Judi-ciary Committee’s abrupt change in course when it comes to respect for blue slips, which allow home-State Senators to have a word in what hap-pens. This should concern us all. For much of this body’s history, blue slips have given meaning to the constitu-tional requirement of ‘‘advice and con-sent.’’ They have protected the prerog-atives of home-State Senators, and they have ensured fairness and comity in the Senate. When I was chairman of the Judici-ary Committee, under both the Bush and Obama administrations, not a sin-gle judicial nominee received a hearing without first receiving both home- State Senators’ positive blue slips. Re-gardless of who was in the Oval Office, I steadfastly defended blue slips be-cause I firmly believed in both their constitutional and institutional impor-tance. I also firmly believed in the pre-rogatives of home-State Senators and the need to ensure that the White House works in good faith with those Senators. My decision to defend blue slips was not without some controversy. I faced significant pressure from my own par-ty’s leadership to hold hearings for President Obama’s nominees who had not received positive blue slips from Republican Senators. I was criticized by liberal advocacy groups and major news outlets like the New York Times, but I resisted such pressure because I believed then—and I still believe now— that certain principles matter more than party. All of us, whether Democrat or Re-publican, should care about good-faith consultation when it comes to nomi-nees from our own States. The reasons for this are both principled and prag-matic. We know our States. We know who is qualified to fill lifetime judicial seats that will have a tremendous im-pact on our neighbors and commu-nities. This week, the Senate will vote whether to confirm a nominee to the Ninth Circuit, Ryan Bounds, opposed by not one but both of his home-State Senators. Senators W
YDEN and M
ERKLEY were cut out of the nomina-tion process entirely. The White House interviewed Bounds and fast-tracked his nomination without consulting ei-ther senator. If Mr. Bounds is con-firmed, it will mark the first time in the history of the Senate that a judi-cial nominee is confirmed despite oppo-sition from both home-State Senators. My concern is not about a mere piece of paper. My concern is that we are failing to protect the fundamental rights of home-State Senators, and we are failing in our constitutional duty to provide our advice and consent on a President’s nominees. That should con-cern all of us. The Senate should never function as a mere rubberstamp for nominees seeking lifetime appoint-ments to our Federal judiciary. Without blue slips, nothing prevents a California nominee from being ap-pointed to a Texas court. Nothing pre-vents our State selection committees from being completely ignored by the White House. That is what we are see-ing today. The Oregon bipartisan judi-cial selection commission overwhelm-ingly voted that Mr. Bounds—who mis-led the commission about his con-troversial writings—did not deserve its recommendation. Some may dismiss these warnings, but I have served in the Senate long enough to know that winds tend to change direction. Inevitably, the ma-jority becomes the minority. The White House changes hands. I suspect Republicans will rekindle their love of blue slips if they find themselves in the minority under a Democratic Presi-dent, as they did under President Obama and during my chairmanship. That is precisely why maintaining a single, consistent policy with respect to blue slips is so critical. That is why I will vote against Mr. Bounds. If we abandon our long-standing traditions to change partisan expediency, that provides only fleeting advantage and inflicts lasting harm in this body. We are better off when we follow the tradition we always have. We foolishly hurt ourselves and our in-dividual States when we allow our-selves to step away from it. I would urge all Senators to ensure that home- State Senators are provided the same courtesies during the Trump adminis-tration that they received from both Republican and Democratic Judiciary chairmen during the Obama adminis-tration. I ask my fellow Senators to oppose Mr. Bound’s nomination. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Utah. Mr. LEE. Madam President, I am about to engage in a brief colloquy about a unanimous consent request with my colleague, the Senator from California. I ask unanimous consent that, not-withstanding the previous order, I be able to have 5 minutes to do that prior to the vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —S. 118 
Mr. LEE. Madam President, as in leg-islative session, I ask unanimous con-sent that the Senate proceed to the im-mediate consideration of Calendar No. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18JY6.029 S18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5044 July 18, 2018 
297, S. 118; that the committee-reported substitute amendment be agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Senator from California. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Madam President, reserving the right to object, I rise today to express concern with S. 118, the Reinforcing American-Made Prod-ucts Act, because it would preempt California’s strong ‘‘Made in America’’ labeling standards. California requires that at least 90 percent of a final product be composed of American-made parts to use the label—the strongest standard in the Nation. This bill would undo California’s tough standard, setting instead a wa-tered-down national standard. Compa-nies could then confuse consumers by flooding the market with products sold under the ‘‘Made in America’’ label that were built using more foreign- made components. That is why the California attorney general and the Consumer Federation of California sup-port keeping California’s strong stand-ards in place. The ‘‘Made in America’’ label should promote U.S. manufacturing and give consumers confidence that they are supporting American jobs. Consumers want to know that products bearing the ‘‘Made in America’’ label are truly made in America. Because this would undermine that confidence and pre-empt California’s strong standards, I believe this bill should not move by unanimous consent. Regretfully, for those reasons, I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). Objection is heard. The Senator from Utah. Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I appreciate the comments made by my distin-guished colleague, the Senator from California. When Americans see a ‘‘Made in USA’’ label on a product, it is a source of great pride. It represents the Amer-ican virtues of innovation and industri-ousness. It is a symbol of support for American manufacturing jobs and high-quality products across the board, and it often spurs American consumers to buy those very products. The Federal Trade Commission cur-rently enforces a difficult standard for products to claim the ‘‘Made in USA’’ label. It requires that all or virtually all of a product must be made in the United States, and it has issued lengthy guidance documents estab-lishing the rules. However, one State holds a different standard—one that is nearly impossible for businesses to meet. Under California’s law, if more than 5 percent of the components of a product are manufactured outside the United States, even if that means just a few bolts or a few screws, then that product cannot be labeled ‘‘Made in USA.’’ While companies could legally boast this claim in 49 of the 50 States under the Federal standards set by the Fed-eral Trade Commission, they are often unable to do so because of the flow of interstate commerce. Most manufac-turers sell wholesale to national and international distributors who then disperse products throughout the coun-try. As a result, companies must label products according to the most rigid definition in order to protect them-selves from costly litigation. In short, one State—one single State—is effec-tively governing how interstate com-merce is conducted with regard to ‘‘Made in USA’’ labeling throughout the country. The Reinforcing American-Made Products Act would solve this problem by ensuring that the current Federal definition is the supreme labeling law in interstate commerce without weak-ening the strong ‘‘Made in USA’’ na-tional standard. In addition to uphold-ing the Constitution, which empowers Congress—this body—to regulate inter-state commerce, this legislation would provide clarity and consistency, which would help American companies avoid unnecessary hardships and frivolous lawsuits. In the global marketplace, it is in-creasingly difficult for small American companies to stay afloat, let alone to compete. This reform would ultimately encourage manufacturing in America and use American tools and resources. It would also help so many of the small businesses and ordinary American workers who are currently being left behind, and helping them ought to be our goal. This bill passed unanimously out of committee, and it has broad bipartisan support. I am disappointed that it is being blocked by the few people who do not support it when it could benefit all 50 of our States. We should exercise this authority, and we should open the flow of interstate commerce. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time has expired. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Oldham nomi-nation? Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 50, nays 49, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 160 Ex.] YEAS—50 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young NAYS—49 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Jones Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
McCain 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
CLOTURE MOTION The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Ryan Wesley Bounds, of Oregon, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit. Mitch McConnell, Roger F. Wicker, Steve Daines, Richard Burr, Mike Rounds, Bob Corker, Mike Crapo, Thom Tillis, Chuck Grassley, John Boozman, Johnny Isakson, Orrin G. Hatch, John Cornyn, David Perdue, John Barrasso, John Hoeven, Roy Blunt. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of Ryan Wesley Bounds, of Oregon, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18JY6.030 S18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5045 July 18, 2018 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
OOMEY ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 50, nays 49, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 161 Ex.] YEAS—50 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—49 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Jones Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
McCain 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 50, the nays are 49. The motion is agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Ryan Wesley Bounds, of Oregon, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Montana. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —S. RES. 572 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, as in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on the Ju-diciary be discharged from further con-sideration of S. Res. 572; that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Senator from Oregon. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —S. 3227 
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, re-serving the right to object, this mo-ment hardly seems the time for the Senate to engage in debating rhetorical phrases of praise for the Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency when that agency—better known as ICE—is deeply mired in the scandal of sepa-rating children from their parents. It is ICE that partnered with Border Patrol and Health and Human Services in this diabolical situation. It is ICE that holds the parents in detention camps. It is ICE that has failed to arrange for the knowledge within the system of which parents go with which children. It is ICE that often has prevented indi-viduals from having access to counsel, from being able to even phone their children, and charged them for using the phone. In this situation, some 2,500-plus kids have been torn out of the arms of their parents, and this particular resolution would engage in nice phrases of praise instead of addressing itself to solving the problem. We should right now be considering Senator HARRIS ’s act, the REUNITE Act, which would accelerate the reuni-fication of the children, would ensure that family separation never happens again, would coordinate actions be-tween ICE and the Border Patrol and Health and Human Services, and would set up a family case management sys-tem that worked, according to the IG of Homeland Security, to deliver 100 percent of the time when individuals had a date for a hearing—100 percent of the time. That is why I ask my colleague to modify his request so that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, instead, be discharged from further consideration of S. 3227, the REUNITE Act, and the Senate proceed to its immediate con-sideration; that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Senator from Montana so modify his request? Mr. DAINES. I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. Is there objection to the original re-quest? The Senator from Oregon. Mr. MERKLEY. I strongly object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from Montana. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I live in a State—the State of Montana—that has a northern border. ICE agents keep our border secure, and I want to thank them for the very important work they are doing. Far too many people are coming into our country illegally and putting the safety and security of American citi-zens at risk. In fact, in Montana, the effects of unsecured borders are very personal. All across our State, commu-nities at this moment are torn apart by the meth and opioids that are traf-ficked through the southern border. In fact, just last year, ICE seized nearly 50 tons of narcotics, nearly a million pounds of heroin, fentanyl, and other deadly drugs that criminals and cartels are smuggling into our country. At a time when America is suffering from a drug epidemic, how many more lives would be lost if ICE agents were not protecting our borders? How many more innocent Americans would be harmed or murdered if we did not have ICE agents to arrest illegal immigrants with criminal convictions? These are the questions that those who call for the abolishment of ICE should be ask-ing. It is outrageous. It is irresponsible to call for abolishing one of our country’s most critical security measures. Abol-ishing ICE would give terrorists, gang members, drug dealers, and other criminals a field day. I stand for protecting American secu-rity. I stand for upholding the rule of law. That is why I stand with ICE. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Hawaii. Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, this res-olution being offered by my colleagues on the other side of the aisle is a par-tisan political stunt to distract the American people from the crisis cre-ated by Donald Trump’s zero tolerance policy. Almost 3,000 children were ripped from the arms of their parents and traumatized by the President’s cruelty. Yesterday, the Senate Judiciary Committee had a closed-door briefing with officials from the Department of Justice, the Department of Health and Human Services, and the Department of Homeland Security. The American people deserve to hear from these offi-cials in public and under oath. All these officials provided at this brief-ing—not under oath—was more ob-struction and obfuscation. The witness from Immigration and Customs En-forcement even claimed that they ‘‘did not mess up here.’’ Separating almost 3,000 children from their parents, not meeting judicially set deadlines for reunifying these chil-dren—the trauma continues. Is there anybody in America paying attention to this issue who actually believes there was no mess-up? We need a public hearing to hear from these officials under oath. Donald Trump is weaponizing fear to pursue his anti-immigration agenda, and we are not going to be party to that. We should be focused like laser beams on reuniting the children with their parents. Mr. DURBIN. Will the Senator from Hawaii yield? Ms. HIRONO. I yield to the Senator from Illinois. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic whip. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I would like to thank the Senator from Hawaii for joining in this statement about the agency of ICE, which is in the Depart-ment of Homeland Security. There are certain things that I think Democrats and Republicans can come together to agree on. Let me tell you what I think they are. Border secu-rity—the United States needs security at its borders. There is no question about that, whoever the President may be. The second thing we agree on is, no-body who is dangerous should be al-lowed to come to this country. Anyone 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JY6.008 S18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5046 July 18, 2018 
here who is undocumented and dan-gerous should leave, should be re-moved. We all agree on that, do we not? The third thing, which 68 Senators agreed on, is comprehensive immigra-tion reform. Our immigration laws are a mess—an absolute mess. That is why we continue to debate the topic, and 68 of us came to vote on a bipartisan measure 5 years ago to fix the whole system. It passed the Senate and died in the House. Where are we today? We are here today debating on the floor the future of ICE. There are parts of the function and responsibility of this agency of ICE that all of us would agree on. ICE has important responsibilities combating serious criminal activities, like smug-gling, bulk cash, drugs, weapons, human trafficking, violent criminals and others who would do us harm, and enforcing immigration laws against terrorists. There is no argument about that. But what has become controver-sial is the Trump administration’s new immigration policy. You see, we don’t have the resources to deport 11 million undocumented peo-ple nor do we have the resources to ar-rest all who present themselves at the border. What this administration has done, though, is say that they are going to criminalize—charge as crimi-nals—everyone who shows up at the border. By doing that, they take lim-ited resources and focus them on a mass of people, most of whom are no threat at all to the United States, in-stead of focusing their resources on the drug smugglers, the traffickers, the would-be terrorists. Those are our pri-orities for the safety of our homes, our families, and our communities, are they not? Here we have this resolution that was brought to the floor to commend ICE in all its functions. I can just tell you, I don’t join in that resolution. I specifi-cally don’t join in it when it comes to the President’s zero tolerance policy. It became the policy of the Trump administration and the U.S. Govern-ment to forcibly remove 3,000 children from their parents. That is bad enough, is it not? The notion that you take a baby out of the arms of a mother—a toddler, an infant—separate a young child—we did it under President Trump’s zero tolerance policy. Now let me state what added insult to that injury. At that point, there was no effort made to make certain we could reunite the parents with the chil-dren. Time and again, we would meet downstairs for a briefing from ICE and other agencies, and they would tell us: We don’t know where the parents are. We really don’t know where the kids are. We are going to have to go look-ing. Imagine separating up to 3,000 chil-dren from their parents, and the U.S. Government did not keep a record of what happened to those kids. Ship something by UPS—they give you a tracking number. Go online, and you can track that package wherever it may be. Order a pizza from Domino’s. Call them after 15 minutes and ask: Where is the pizza? They will tell you. Check your coat at a restaurant before you go to the table. When you come back and hand them that little piece of paper, they give you your coat. It is pretty simple, is it not? But when it came to children and families, this agency, ICE, along with other agencies of this government, lost them. In one agency in Chicago, they told me that the search for the parents of the little kids they had was like a scavenger hunt. They just started calling right and left to try to figure out where the parent might be. Yesterday, we had a briefing, and fi-nally these agencies came up with some numbers. There are 2,550 children still in our custody who are not re-united with their families; 1,800 parents we haven’t linked up with their chil-dren. And we want to put a resolution on the floor to commend this activity— to praise them for their great work? Not me. They do good work in a lot of impor-tant areas, and I will be happy to join in that chorus. But we stand here and ignore the obvious—that this zero tol-erance policy has given our Nation a black eye, has raised questions about our values as Americans, has created situations we cannot morally defend, such as separating children from their mothers. Do you know what the American Academy of Pediatrics tells us? The doctors tell us it is an institutional form of child abuse to remove these children. I have seen them, these poor kids, 5 and 6 years old in these settings. The place I visited in Chicago was doing its best to help the children, but two little girls walked into the room where I was sitting. They were holding hands—cute little kids. It was my opportunity to meet about 10 or 12 kids who were sepa-rated from their parents under the zero tolerance policy. These two little girls were holding hands, and I thought they were sisters. We asked in Spanish. ‘‘No, amigas,’’ she said. They had become friends to one another. It turns out that the one who was 5 years old was from Guatemala and the one who was 6 years old was from Chiapas, Mexico. They were holding on to one another. All they had was one another because our government had separated them from their mothers. Now this agency is struggling to find these mothers. In some circumstances, they cannot even link up the children with their parents. No, I am not going to join in a reso-lution of congratulations for the work they have done. Many of the things they have done have been courageous and important for the security of this country, but when it comes to the zero tolerance policy, it is not. I do want to make one last point. Listen to what the top agents at ICE’s Homeland Security Investigations agency, which focuses on serious transnational criminal activity, had to say. Last month, a majority of the agents focusing on transnational crimi-nal activity wrote a letter to the Sec-retary of the Department of Homeland Security, Kirstjen Nielsen, asking that Homeland Security Investigations be removed from ICE because of ‘‘the po-litical nature of civil immigration en-forcement.’’ These are men and women who are focusing on serious crimes, and they asked to be removed from ICE. They are tired of the politics. I am weary of it as well. We need to start solving these prob-lems—border security, dangerous peo-ple kept out of this country and re-moved, comprehensive immigration re-form. And for goodness’ sake, reunite these children with their parents. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Texas. Mr. CRUZ. Mr. President, I rise in support of the brave men and women of our Immigration Customs Enforcement agency. These are law enforcement of-ficers who risk their lives every day to keep this country safe. Rising in support of law enforcement used to be a bipartisan issue. It used to be an issue that brought us together, that unified us. Sadly, as we have seen in the preceding minutes, that is no longer the case. I rise today to urge my Democratic colleagues to say no to the reckless and radical voices within their party that are pulling their party so far out of the mainstream and so far out of touch with the American people that it is barely recognizable. For a long time, when Democrats were debating immi-gration issues, they used to say ‘‘Well, of course, we support enforcing the laws,’’ almost as an obligatory throw-away. Instead, we are here today, de-bating the abolishing of the Immigra-tion and Customs Enforcement agency, the exact antithesis of where most con-gressional Democrats claimed they were. All of this started because a few weeks ago, a longtime Democratic in-cumbent, a Member of the House, found himself beaten in a primary in New York State by an avowed socialist. As a result, many of my colleagues on the Democratic side of the aisle are sud-denly terrified of their left flank. Be-cause her campaign focused on abol-ishing ICE—abolishing the Immigra-tion and Customs Enforcement agency, more incumbent Democrats have said that they, too, are open to abolishing ICE. I call on this body to pull back from the abyss. On immigration there are areas of good-faith disagreement that this body has debated and will continue to debate. I have long characterized my views on immigration as being able to be summed up in four words: legal, good; illegal, bad. I think the vast ma-jority of Texans and the vast majority of Americans agree with that. There 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18JY6.036 S18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5047 July 18, 2018 
are a host of immigration policies that ought to be commonsense bipartisan policies. The Presiding Officer has shown great leadership in fighting against sanctuary cities, fighting against juris-dictions that defy Federal immigration law and that release violent criminals without being willing to turn them over to immigration officials. Those violent criminals, in turn, go on far too often to commit even more violent crimes. I am the author of Kate’s Law, a commonsense proposal which says that aggravated felons who repeatedly enter the country illegally should face a mandatory minimum prison sentence. It was named for Kate Steinle, a beau-tiful young woman, 28 years old, mur-dered on a California pier by an illegal immigrant who had been deported over and over and over again and had been in and out of jail over and over and over again and had multiple felony convictions. Yet, because San Fran-cisco is a sanctuary city, they released him yet again, and he committed mur-der. Kate Steinle would be alive if we could come together on Kate’s Law, if we could come together on ending sanctuary cities. Yet it turns out that in today’s hyperpolarized world, even that is not extreme enough for the modern Democratic Party. Multiple leaders of their party are advocating abolishing the Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement agency. What does ICE do? ICE men and women—I have met with a great many of them in my home State of Texas. I have met with a great many Border Pa-trol agents. I have joined them on their midnight muster. I have gone out on patrol with them as they risk their lives securing our border and risk their lives keeping us safe in the interior. Criminal aliens arrested by ICE in fiscal year 2017 were responsible for more than 76,000 dangerous drug of-fenses; yet many Democrats are say-ing: Abolish their role. They were re-sponsible for over 48,000 assault of-fenses. They were responsible for over 11,000 weapons offenses. They were re-sponsible for over 5,000 sexual assault offenses. They were responsible for over 2,000 kidnapping offenses, and they were responsible for over 1,800 homicide offenses. Yet the approach of the modern Democratic Party is not to find a rea-sonable, commonsense common ground. It is, instead, to say: Abolish the agency that has arrested criminals responsible for over 1,800 murders. When it comes to drugs—the volume they are dealing with in fighting the narcotics traffickers—ICE in fiscal year 2017 seized more than 980,000 pounds of narcotics. ICE seized ap-proximately 2,370 pounds of fentanyl, approximately 6,967 pounds of heroin. Yet, today, too many elected Demo-crats are afraid that they, too, might face a socialist primary and that their far left is so angry, hates President Trump so much, that their position is not that we should enforce the immi-gration laws; their position is not that they will stand with law enforcement. Their position has become to abolish the Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment agency, the agency charged with enforcing our immigration laws. This is not a reasonable position and a public policy debate upon which rea-sonable minds might differ. There are many of those in the immigration world. This is not one of them. This is a radical and reckless position. Yet, this resolution—by the way, this resolution says not a word about the issue of family separation. We have heard some of the speeches from my Democratic colleagues focused on fam-ily separation. I can state that every Member of this body, Democrat and Republican, agrees that families should not be separated. Indeed, I have introduced legislation to prohibit family separation, to en-sure that children stay with their par-ents—the best place for a kid is with his or her mom or dad—but to do so in a way that also respects the rule of law, that doesn’t return to the failed policy of catch-and-release that only encourages more and more illegal im-migration, that only puts more and more children—little boys and girls—in a position of being physically and sexu-ally assaulted by human traffickers. No one who cares about humanity, no one who cares about compassion should want to incentivize putting little chil-dren in the control of global, transnational drug cartels and human traffickers. For the past several weeks, I have been negotiating with Democratic Members of this body, trying to see if we could reach common ground to unite and say that we will not separate families, but at the same time, we will respect the rule of law and not return to catch-and-release in a way that incentivizes illegal immigration. We will find out if any Democrats are willing to find common ground. All 100 could join together on ending family release and ending it today, but too many on the Democratic side want to condition ending family release on es-sentially mandating the release of every illegal alien in custody—those apprehended with children, mandating their release. That is not a reasonable position. That is not a position the American people support, and, criti-cally, this resolution before the Senate says not a word about it. This resolution does not address that question. Instead, this resolution says that those ICE agents—the ICE agents who right now may be kicking down the door on a meth house and facing violent drug lords, firing weapons at them, risking their lives to keep us safe—we stand with those law enforce-ment agencies, even if we may disagree on the parameters of illegal immigra-tion. I am one who believes we should wel-come and embrace legal immigrants— those who follow the rules and wait in line like my father in 1957, when he came as an immigrant from Cuba seek-ing freedom. Those are debates we can have. We ought to be coming together in the spirit of bipartisan agreement to stand with law enforcement. I call upon the responsible members of the Democratic Party—and, surely, there must be some left. Surely, in the Democratic Party, there are some voices that are willing to stand up to the reckless and radical left and say: No, we should not abolish the agency charged with enforcing our immigra-tion laws, charged with protecting us from vicious and violent criminals. The fact that Senate Democrats are today objecting to this resolution shows just how captive they are to the fury that rages against President Trump. Everyone in this Chamber has, at one time or another, had something the President has said or done that we all disagreed with. That is part of the po-litical process, but the rage and fury on the far left is a qualitatively different matter. It is a rage that is demanding Democrats to go after, to undercut, to attack law enforcement agents who keep us safe. That is a mistake. It is a disservice to this institution. It is a disservice to the legacy of many distin-guished Senators and a disservice to the American people and the Constitu-tion that we are sworn to protect. I urge this body to pass this common-sense resolution, standing with law en-forcement, enforcing our borders, and stopping violent criminals, murderers, kidnappers, and rapists that ICE ar-rests every year. Abolishing law en-forcement puts all of us at peril. I call upon my Democratic colleagues to re-ject that radical and reckless position. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, this Senator came to talk about trade, and I am going to do that, but I think what we have is an example of extremes in politics that is on display before us. I think, on the one hand, political points are trying to be scored about the abolition of certain law enforce-ment organizations. On the other hand, there are the political points that a government, especially our govern-ment, should not have a policy of sepa-rating children from their parents, un-less the parents have committed a crime and need to be incarcerated for the purpose of that crime. Here we have the extremes again going to either side, when, in fact, if there were good will, if there were not such a highly polarized, highly charged, partisan atmosphere, in part, as we say in the South, egged on by various Members of the leadership in the Congress as well as the Executive— if we didn’t have all of that, we could get a lot more done. The genius of American politics is for us to be able to come together, to re-spect each other, to understand the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18JY6.037 S18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5048 July 18, 2018 
other fellow’s point of view, and then work out our differences. It is the same thing on the inter-national stage. That is why we see it is so difficult to reach international agreements when people have gotten hardened into positions because of race or religion or political balance. So if you note a tone of sadness in this Senator’s voice, then you are cor-rect because, again, we are seeing the polarization of American politics. Why can’t we have a law enforcement organization that also doesn’t have to operate under a policy of separating children from their parents? That is the commonsense point of view, but, no, we devolve into these extremes. 
TARIFFS  
Mr. President, I came to talk about trade. Is the United States taken advantage of by other countries? You bet and es-pecially China. We have been letting them get away with it for years, but you don’t try to correct that situation by suddenly saying, I am going to im-pose a tariff, as the President has, on imported steel and aluminum: 25 per-cent on steel and 10 percent on alu-minum. What happens then is, for the people who use those products in manufac-turing, whatever their business is, that is going to cause the cost of those goods to go up. The consumers are going to be the ones who get hurt. By the way, what that is going to do, again, is the extreme. If you do this, the person who is offended is going to do this and do it more. That is exactly what is happening in this trade war that is suddenly starting to hurt all of us. In reaction to steel and aluminum tariffs that the United States has imposed, good friends of ours, major trading partners of ours—I am keeping China in a different cat-egory. I am talking about the Euro-pean Union; I am talking about Can-ada, one of our closest friends; and I am talking about Mexico. In retalia-tion for what we are doing to them, they are now retaliating and putting tariffs on other goods. They are put-ting tariffs on everything, not only for steel and aluminum but from washing machines to lobster, whiskey, and cheese. We are starting to see the con-sequences of these moves. People are starting to hurt. This Senator has heard from many businesses in his State that are starting to get hurt. In Florida, we are seeing the harmful ef-fects of these tariffs. Mind you, it is not just the Budweiser Brewery that I visited several months ago in Jackson-ville that produces 3.3 billion alu-minum cans a year. Of course, the cost of those cans are going to go up, and it is going to be the consumer who pays, but it is going to affect others in the restaurant industry, the medical device industry, the marine manufacturing in-dustry, and the auto parts industry. Let me tell you about the cost of these auto parts that we have to im-port and those made here domestically. Because of the increased costs of steel or aluminum, the cost of those parts are going up. Maybe the dealer that services your car and replaces parts is one thing, but what about the indi-vidual entrepreneur, like the auto me-chanic shop that has to buy its parts that all of a sudden has to charge more? The big guys that deal in many more automobile repairs can spread that cost over a lot of people, but that poor individual auto mechanic shop is getting hurt. It is happening right now, and they are losing business. Take, for example, the marine manu-facturing industry. Manufacturing boats is a big industry in Florida. It is worth $121 billion a year in Florida, which is 650,000 jobs in Florida and tens of thousands of downstream jobs in Florida and nationwide. The industry in our State alone provides over $10 bil-lion in annual economic activity. All of those businesses are really getting hurt because the European Union, Canada, and Mexico—three big export markets for the boat manufacturers—are get-ting orders cut because of the retalia-tory tariffs of 25 percent from the Eu-ropean Union. They are not going to sell any more boats to European cus-tomers if they have to pay an extra 25 percent. They will go elsewhere where they can get it cheap, and that means 10 percent extra costs in Canada; 15 percent in Mexico. What is that going to do? There are jobs in that boat manufacturing indus-try that will go away. They are brands that you might recognize like Nautique, Bryant, and Bass Cat. They are all brands of one company, Correct Craft, that I visited in Orlando this week. They manufacture boats and en-gines in factories across the country, with their headquarters in Orlando. The President’s tariffs have increased the production costs considerably be-cause of the cost of aluminum and steel that goes into those boats. To add in-sult to the already existing injury, they are being hit with these retalia-tory tariffs from other countries where they sell their goods. There is no sugarcoating it. We are in the midst of a full-blown trade war. If this thing gets out of control, it can take us into an economic recession like the Smoot-Hawley tariffs did in the re-cession that led to what is known as the Great Depression. If we continue down this path without an exit strat-egy, we are going to regret it. Already, our boat manufacturers in Florida have lost tens of millions of dollars in canceled orders. Regal Ma-rine Industries had $4 million worth of orders fall through. The company esti-mates it will lose $13 million this year because of these tariffs, and that will wind up costing people their jobs. It is no small thing. This is what happens when you get excessively extreme, when you get par-tisan, when you act like you know it all, when you improvise your way through a complicated world and don’t have a well-thought-out plan of how to get out of this mess. Again, with bipar-tisan consensus, it is the nature of the politics that we have to rein in. There is also the story of Micro Stamping, which is the sole supplier of high-grade surgical equipment. That equipment is used in the treatment of breast cancer. Micro Stamping is con-templating shutting down because the President’s trade moves are stopping it from getting the specific type of steel it needs to manufacture the equipment. What about Hale Products? It is up in Ocala. It is also being crushed by the tariffs. It makes fire suppression equip-ment. Since the cost of the tariffs is passed down to the end consumer, it says the tariffs will make it harder for municipal fire departments—that are already facing stiff budget con-straints—to buy the new, lighter weight lifesaving firefighting equip-ment. This will have repercussions be-yond the company’s immediate busi-ness needs. It is worth noting that what is going on is doing lasting damage to our stra-tegic alliances. The U.S. Government— this executive branch—is treating our friends like enemies and is giving com-fort to our adversaries. This is no way to run a country. We should be working with our allies to address our global challenges. We ought to be advancing our shared interests, not just in trade but in national security and a range of things. Before we escalate these things and they get out of hand, we need to think a little bit more about what we are doing, why we are doing it, and if we are doing it the right way. This Sen-ator is saying we are not doing it the right way. What we are doing is send-ing a message that America is closed for business. I don’t think that is what we want to do. I urge my colleagues to join this Sen-ator in shining the light of day on the hard truth of what happens when you go along and make things up without having a clear plan for success, which is exactly what this trade war right now is a product of. That kind of ap-proach doesn’t work for the USA; it doesn’t work for Florida; and it doesn’t work for the vast majority of hard- working everyday Americans. I think it is time to come to our senses. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
ARDNER ). The Senator from Missouri. 
COMMEMORATING THE NEGRO NATIONAL LEAGUE  
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, last night, the Major League Baseball All- Star Game was hosted in Washington. In conjunction with that game, the Negro Leagues Baseball Museum hosted an event to honor the Home-stead Grays, which was one of the teams from that league. There were great teams in that league. The Home-stead Grays had won the Negro League World Series in 1943, which was 75 years ago. They had a great exhibit here in town about that team and about the history of that league. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18JY6.038 S18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5049 July 18, 2018 
The museum, which was founded in 1990, is located in Kansas City, MO. It is dedicated to highlighting and pre-serving that important part of our sports history—the history of African- American baseball. Bob Kendrick runs that museum, and it is a museum I would encourage all of my colleagues to visit as the All-Star Game was in Kansas City a few years ago, and it was one of the venues for Major League Baseball. When people are in Kansas City, playing the Royals, managers and coaches often take their players there—players who haven’t been there before and players who want to go back—just for them to have a sense of what it was like when there was the segregation of baseball and also some of the great players who played there. The chairman of the board, Stewart Myers, was here yesterday, and the vice chairman, Adam Sachs, was here yesterday. The museum is actually expanding and building the Buck O’Neil Research and Education Center on the Paseo in Kansas City. Buck O’Neil was a great Kansas Citian, but he had also been a great part of Negro Leagues Baseball. In June of this year, vandals broke into the YMCA, on which a lot of money had already been spent. It was where that part of the museum, the research center, was going to be housed. The vandals did more damage than they should have been able to do, and, unfor-tunately, there was some water dam-age in the building. Yet that effort con-tinues. The Negro National League was cre-ated there in 1920 at that Paseo YMCA. There was an owners meeting, and the owners decided, It is time we really put more of a structure into this league. So they established a league. Before 1920, these African-American teams barnstormed around the country and played whomever they could play. After 1920, they could still barnstorm, but there was a league, there was a league championship, and there was a structure they had not had before. In 1947, as every baseball fan knows, the Brooklyn Dodgers decided to inte-grate baseball, and Jackie Robinson, who had played for the Kansas City Monarchs, was the first player to step into that challenge of integrated base-ball. The league lasted another 13 years or so. I think the last team finally fold-ed in the early 1960s. Some of the greatest baseball and the most exciting baseball ever played was played in this particular league— names like Satchel Paige, who said about himself that he was so fast he could turn off the light in the bedroom and be in bed before it got dark. He was a great pitcher, and he was a great run-ner. Buck O’Neil, Satchel Paige, Cool Papa Bell, Jackie Robinson, and 100 other names in that last 3 years of the 1940s who joined the Major Leagues are all part of that story. Missouri teams were an important part of that story. The Monarchs played for 37 seasons, and I already mentioned that Jackie Robinson played briefly for the Monarchs before he went to the Dodgers. They won a dozen league championships. They sent more players than any other team to the Major Leagues. The St. Louis Stars, who were on the other side of our State—originally the St. Louis Gi-ants—played 12 seasons. They won the league championship in 1928, in 1930, and in 1931. The real focus of the exhibit here this week was on the Homestead Grays. Now, where did the Homestead Grays come from? I think I already men-tioned they were celebrating the 75th anniversary of winning the Negro League World Series in 1943. The Home-stead Grays were originally based in Homestead, PA, just outside of Pitts-burgh. In 1940, in 1941, and in 1942, they played at least half of their games here in Washington. When the Washington Senators were traveling, the ballpark would be available, and the Homestead Grays would play games there. By 1943, they were playing about two-thirds of their games in Washington and gen-erally had more people at their games than the Washington Senators had at their games. They won nine consecu-tive league pennants from 1937 through 1945. There was even an effort, when the Nationals team was brought here, to call the Nationals the Washington Grays because of that tremendous team that had played here. The team owners chose the Nationals because it was one of the Washington Senators’ official nicknames. That is an impor-tant part of our history right there, and we are going to be celebrating the 100th anniversary of that league in 2020. I and Congressman C
LEAVER , who is on the other side of this building, are looking at ways to draw more atten-tion to this great part of our story. It is sad because of the segregated ele-ments of it, but it is a great story be-cause of the entrepreneurship and the sportsmanship and the competitive na-ture of that league. Mr. NELSON. Will the Senator yield? Mr. BLUNT. I can tell the Senator is interested. I am pleased to yield. Mr. NELSON. Indeed, this Senator is interested. Would you believe that a lot of those retired players who are still living happen to live in Florida? Mr. BLUNT. Right. Mr. NELSON. Further, as the Sen-ator correctly pointed out, once Jackie Robinson was able to break into the majors in 1947, it would be another 11 years—1958—before the last team in the Major Leagues integrated. Would you believe, for all of that period of time, these great baseball players who have contributed so much had no pensions? Further, it was years later in this Senate—in the last decade—that, fi-nally, the Commissioner of Baseball was brought in front of the Commerce Committee in order to face the music about the fact that the retired players who had not played in Major League Baseball but in the old Negro leagues in America—because they couldn’t get into Major League Baseball, even while the rest of the teams were being inte-grated, which took 11 years—had no pensions. Would you believe that Major League Baseball, through Bud Selig, fi-nally agreed to give them onetime pen-sion payments? This Senator is so grateful because that has helped so many of the resi-dents in my State who are these great players. Senator BLUNT has so accu-rately described their considerable tal-ents on the baseball field. Mr. BLUNT. I think that is an impor-tant part of the history. There were a couple of players there last night who had played in the league, and of course there are fewer of those players all the time. I have had a chance, as you have had, to meet and talk to them over the years—to talk about the excitement of that kind of baseball and their ability to entertain both with their sportsmanship as well as just with their talent as sportsmen. I think it was a great league, and it is a great story. I don’t know if the Senator has had a chance to go to the museum in Kansas City, but as a guy who knew those players and appre-ciates what that league was all about, I would certainly love to go there with the Senator sometime. Mr. NELSON. If the Senator will yield, as a matter of fact, I am looking forward to seeing that museum. It was one of the Senator’s players on the Kansas City Monarchs—‘‘Peach- Head’’ Bob Mitchell, retired, who was living in my State—who brought to the attention of his Senator the inequity that had occurred in their never get-ting pensions, even though they were certainly capable of getting into Major League Baseball but, because of seg-regation, could not. Mr. BLUNT. I am looking forward, along with others, to celebrating that century of history. It is an important part of the story to be told, and I am glad the Senator has helped add to it here today. 
OPIOID EPIDEMIC  
Mr. President, I also want to talk for a few minutes about the importance of getting the appropriations bills to the Senate floor, and I want to do that by talking about the opioid epidemic. Our annual opportunity to look at that is legislative—legislative in terms of deciding how to spend money as we try to deal with this epidemic that claims more lives than any other single accidental cause of death. For a long time, car accidents predominated that list, but in virtually every State in the country, more people die now from drug overdoses than die from car acci-dents. There are people of every age, such as the high school cheerleader in my hometown of Springfield, MO, who hurt her leg and got medicine for that leg injury. I think it was after 3 years of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18JY6.040 S18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5050 July 18, 2018 
struggling with addiction that her mother found her dead in the bedroom from an overdose. Every age, every race—there are sto-ries of incredibly successful people who received from the doctor or the dentist more pain medicine than they needed. It is not because that is what the doc-tor or the dentist intended to do. Doc-tors and dentists in the 1970s and 1980s were told: This is nonaddictive. There is no reason for people to have pain. People could take these opioid-based painkillers and not have pain. That part was true. The part that wasn’t true was the nonaddictive part. And the part that wasn’t true was what you would do when the doctor was no longer giving you that medicine or you could no longer act like you were get-ting the medicine because of pain when, by then, you were getting it for some other reason. The appropriations bill that our com-mittee has voted out and that we are eager to get to the floor includes $3.7 billion targeting the opioid epidemic. It is a 1,300-percent increase over where we were 4 years ago. Congress has be-come more aware of not only how wide-spread the epidemic is but also the in-credible human cost of the epidemic. The bill includes almost half of that money, $1.5 billion, for State opioid re-sponse grants. One reason we are doing this with grants is we really don’t know all of the options yet, and we haven’t been able to evaluate the best ways to deal with this. We do feel in our committee and in Congress that it is unlikely that the best way to deal with this in one place is necessarily the best way to deal with it in other places. My State of Missouri received $10 million last year. We will receive $28 million this year if this grant funding is approved, and other States will go up proportionately, exactly as we did. What did we do with that money in our State of Missouri to see how we could deal with this epidemic? More than 1,700 people have received evi-dence-based medical treatment for opioid-use disorder; 1,700 people in the last 12 months or so have received that. More than 4,300 kits of naloxone, which is what you take when you overdose, have been distributed. That is less ef-fective sometimes than it used to be because of fentanyl, and people don’t have any idea, when they are trying to help you with what you put into your system—and you don’t either—so, oc-casionally, you will get that shot to re-lieve you from the overdose and think that has helped, and then suddenly what you have put into your system overwhelms even that normal cure if you get it on time. ‘‘Cure’’ might be the wrong word because all it does is save you that one time. Around 4,000 people have received training on what to do in the event of an overdose. About 10,000 people have received training in our State on topics from treatment to prevention to recov-ery. For a State like ours, the rate of opioid deaths has increased; opioid overdose deaths have more than quad-rupled in the past 15 years. That would not be an unusual number for States to see. Senator C
APITO from West Virginia and I were here on the floor talking about this earlier this year. This is not necessarily an urban problem. In fact, in most cases, it is more of a rural problem per capita than an urban prob-lem per capita. We have set aside money targeted for those rural commu-nities. There is $135 million set aside for rural communities based on dif-ferent things that appear to be needed more in rural communities than in any other communities. A couple of hundred million dollars goes into community health centers to support people who have behavioral health concerns and mental health con-cerns. If you don’t have a mental health problem before you get addicted to opioids, you have one once you have gotten addicted to opioids. So those funds go there to try to deal with that. Senator S
TABENOW and I introduced a bill a few years ago, the Excellence in Mental Health Act, and eight of our States now have a situation where they are treating, in that eight-State pilot, behavioral health problems like all other health problems. That particu-larly steps up if someone with an opioid addiction problem has a behav-ioral health problem they wouldn’t have had otherwise. And there is no limit. Just as there would be no limit if you had kidney dialysis, there is also no limit in those eight States for your behavioral health problems. There is no limit where, if you haven’t whipped this in 28 days, you are going to have to deal with this as a unique problem. Dealing with mental health and behav-ioral health in the same way matters in all cases, but it particularly seems to apply as people try to beat addic-tion. The Department of Labor and Health and Human Services bill includes $60 million for child abuse prevention and treatment programs to support what happens in families when someone in that family gets into a situation of abuse. The number of people who become addicted needs to change, but also how we deal with pain needs to change. So there is some unique money available to the National Institutes of Health to try to develop a pain medicine that is nonaddictive; $500 million went toward that effort. In all of these cases, we feel as though we have produced a good bill out of our committee. It has about one- third of the money in it after defense is taken off the table. It is a big bill that covers a large jurisdiction. Everyone in the Senate deserves a chance to be part of this debate. Every-one in the Senate deserves to look at how the appropriators—I think it was 33 to 1 that they voted for this bill— have decided to spend the money. It may be the way everyone decides to spend the money, but everyone ought to have a chance on this floor to say ‘‘No, I think this money would be bet-ter spent here and here, better spent this way and that way.’’ Every single Senator ought to be able to be part of that discussion. If we continue this process that we have been in for a few years—one big bill that nobody ever gets to vote on— that means the Senators who aren’t on the Appropriations Committee will not have a say in establishing our national priorities. It is time to do that. These bills are all out of committee and have been for almost a month now. We have had three of them on the floor already. I think we plan to have four of them on the floor next week, and maybe Defense, Labor, and HHS not too long after that. These are big issues that every Sen-ator should have a say in, and the only way that will happen is if these issues are decided right here on the floor. Hopefully we will set some records, at least, of having these bills on the floor and debated. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I want to reflect on some of the data that has been coming in on our economy in re-sponse to our tax reform and deregula-tory push. Before I do, I want to commend my colleague from Missouri and thank him for his leadership and work on the in-credible crisis of opioids we are dealing with. It is not a uniformly national cri-sis; it is more concentrated regionally, and my State of Pennsylvania is af-fected as badly as any place in the country. I am pleased we have been able to take a number of constructive meas-ures, but we have a lot of work yet to do as we try to deal with this scourge. I want to thank him for that. 
TAX REFORM  
Mr. President, on tax reform, before I get into some of the macro and statis-tics that are really, really incredibly encouraging, I just want to touch on a couple of constituent companies and their employees and how our tax re-form is affecting them. One is a company called Glass & Sons Collision Repair. They are located in Reading, PA, which is in the eastern part of our State. They recently an-nounced that they will be paying $1,000 tax reform bonuses to all of their em-ployees—$1,000. This is a small busi-ness. It is a father-and-son business. The owners, Charles and Trevor Glass, made the decision to pay the bonuses right after they met with their ac-countants and learned how much they are going to save as a result of tax re-form. The first thing they did is say: We are going to share this with our em-ployees. It is a terrific development for everyone involved. There is another company on the other side of the State, in Somerset, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18JY6.041 S18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5051 July 18, 2018 
the southwestern part of the State. It is a company called Guy Chemical. They recently announced that not only are they increasing wages and bonuses, but they are also making all new in-vestments, including buying a new forklift, updated computer equipment, new software, and they are building a new lab for research and development that will be five times the size of their old lab. They are doing this because of tax reform and the confidence they have in the economic growth that is occurring in this reformed environ-ment. It is not only individuals who work for companies that have been able to pay higher wages and bonuses who ben-efit from tax reform; it is just about everyone. About 93 percent of all of the folks I represent and all of the folks we all represent—when they file their tax return for this year’s income, they are going to pay less in Federal income taxes. According to the Tax Foundation, the direct savings for a Pennsylvania family with an income in the $50,000 to $70,000 range—it will be about $1,400 in savings. In addition to the direct savings from a lower Federal tax bill, because of the savings that Pennsylvania utilities have on their Federal tax bill, they are required to pass that on to their cus-tomers, and that is exactly what they are doing. So far it is a combined $320 million in annual savings to Pennsyl-vania consumers in the form of lower utility bills as a result of our tax re-form. There is no question that there are tremendous, direct personal and indi-vidual benefits across the board. Re-lated to that is the fact that the econ-omy is just taking off. The economy has been on fire. This year it has been tremendous. Nothing reflects the strong economic data better than the employment pic-ture. It is fair to say that the employ-ment picture in America may never have been this good. I know that is making a very bold statement, but stay with me here as we go through some of this data. In the month of May, we had the low-est unemployment rate since 2000—the lowest unemployment rate in 18 years. The African-American unemployment rate hit an all-time record low. It has never been measured as low as it was in May, at 5.9 percent. Likewise, the His-panic unemployment rate hit an all- time record low, at 4.6 percent in June. Small business optimism was at the second highest level on record ever, this past month of May. Dividends paid from overseas subsidi-aries of U.S multinationals, dividends paid back home—money that is sitting overseas and invested back in Amer-ica—reached an all-time record high in the first quarter because we changed the rules to diminish the penalties we used to have when an American com-pany brought income that was earned overseas back home. Well, one of the things we wanted to have happen as a result of our tax re-form was that we wanted to see more capital expenditures—more companies putting money to work buying plants, plant equipment, technology, and tools. Guess what. For the first quarter of this year, there was tremendous growth in capital expenditures by American businesses. It is up over 7 percent, well above even the ambitious estimate that came out from the Con-gressional Budget Office late last year. I think one of the most amazing sta-tistics about this whole employment picture is what happened in March. We saw that in the month of March— again, the first time ever that I am aware of—the number of job openings in America, meaning the number of available jobs that need to be filled, was greater than the number of people looking for jobs. Think about that. There are more jobs available in Amer-ica than there are people looking for jobs in America. That is terrific for people who need work. The jobs are out there. The National Federation of Inde-pendent Business, which is America’s largest network of small businesses, were surveyed in June. Sixty-three per-cent—almost two-thirds—of these small business owners reported that they were hiring or trying to hire. That is the highest level we have seen since 1999. And 87 percent of those who are trying to hire, or are actually hiring people, are concerned that there are just too few people out there available to be hired. So, in a way, the economy is growing so robustly and the job opportunities are expanding so quickly that we have a shortage of workers. We have too few people available to meet the demand for all of these jobs. It is the right problem to have. So what happens as a result of that? It is exactly what we predicted. People who have decided to leave the work-force, to give up on work—people who are of working age and are healthy but decided, for whatever reason, not to work—are coming back into the work-force. They are coming back in big numbers. In the month of June, over 600,000 Americans who had worked in the past but then had stepped out of the workforce for whatever reason came back into the workforce. The big-gest proportion of these folks are peo-ple who have never gone to college, but they have a renewed confidence and op-timism about the economy. They have confidence in opportunities available to them, despite the fact that they don’t have a college income. They have decided that they are going to reenter the workforce and, in the process, start to improve their standard of living. By the way, the labor force participa-tion rate rose really across, I think, all ethnic groups, including women, men, African Americans, and Hispanics. It is up across the board. So far this year, over 1 million work-ers who had left the workforce are back in it. That compares to about half a million workers in the first half of last year and about 600,000 in 2016. So there was a big surge in the number of work-ers coming back into the workforce, and they are finding jobs. It has im-proved our overall population, our overall percentage of working-age peo-ple who are, in fact, working. As I say, it is across all demographic groups and contributing enormously, first and foremost, to improving the quality of their lives and their family’s lives but also our overall economic growth. What else did we get from the June jobs report? In June—in the month of June alone—there were 213,000 jobs added. That is a very, very rapid pace. Oh, by the way, these numbers are al-ways provided subsequently. So in June we got the revision for April and May, months that had good job growth. It turns out that it was even better than we thought. All together, there were 37,000 more jobs when we revised the April and May numbers than we had originally figured. There was a modest uptick in the un-employment rate, but don’t be fooled by that. That is because with so many additional people entering the work-force, we are counting far more people now in how we determine that. One of the truly exciting things about this is that for many, many years, we have had stagnant wages. Wages just weren’t rising very rapidly. It is because productivity wasn’t grow-ing. That, I think, was being driven by the fact that there wasn’t considerable growth in capital expenditures. Now that we have changed that dynamic and capital expenditure is growing, productivity is growing and wages are starting to grow. I am not satisfied with the growth yet, but it is very en-couraging that the direction is posi-tive. Based on the employment cost index, wages grew about 2.9 percent in the first quarter. That is the fastest pace in a decade—the fastest pace in 10 years. Average hourly earnings for nonmanagers rose at their fastest pace in 9 years. In June, interestingly, pay for work-ers who switched jobs rose at 3.8 per-cent, which is a clear indication that employers are forced to bid up wages because they need to hire workers, and they are having trouble finding the workers. This whole dynamic is very, very en-couraging. It means wages are growing and are likely to grow more. I should also point out that there is a feature in the arithmetic that sug-gests that it could mask the extent to which wages are growing. What I am referring to is when I say that average wages are growing by 2.7 percent. That is true, but let’s keep in mind that when we get a surge of new people into the workforce, most of those people are coming in at the lower end of the wage spectrum. Maybe it is their first job or maybe they have been out of work for a long time, or maybe, as I pointed out, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18JY6.042 S18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5052 July 18, 2018 
they don’t have the same level of edu-cation and skills of people already in the workforce. So they are starting at a lower-than-average wage. So all else being equal, that would tend to bring the average down. So despite that, when you have growth, that tells us that people who have been continu-ously employed are getting an even bigger growth in their wages. So this is very, very encouraging. I think it is likely to continue. It is ex-actly what we were hoping would hap-pen as a result of our tax reform. But there is another whole develop-ment that is not directly about wages, but when you think about it, it makes a lot of sense. With all of these people finding work, with all of these opportu-nities for work and people coming back into the workforce, guess what. There is a reduction in dependency on govern-ment programs because people are able to earn the income to support their families. So, for instance, in the 4-week aver-age of unemployment benefits claims, one of the things we monitor closely, the number of people who are col-lecting unemployment hit a 45-year low of 213,000 in May—45 years. You have to go back 45 years to find so few people who required unemployment for an extended period of time. It is really amazing, when we consider how much bigger a country we are today, that we have gotten down to a number that was matched only 45 years ago—amazing. We can look at the disability bene-fits. According to the Social Security Administration, fewer Americans ap-plied for disability benefits last year than at any time since 2002, 16 years since we have had a number this low. We can also look at the food stamp program. Two million people have come off of food stamps because they are working and they are earning enough that they either don’t need it or they don’t qualify anymore. So these are very, very encouraging trends. As I say, because the driver is a new set of incentives that is encour-aging capital expenditure and, there-fore, productivity growth, I think this is really likely to continue. The macro GDP numbers reflect this as well. The Congressional Budget Of-fice last year estimated that growth for 2018 would be about 2 percent. As a result of tax reform, they revised that up to 3.3 percent. As for estimates for the second quar-ter—the quarter that just ended—we don’t have the numbers yet. It is still a couple of weeks away, but the esti-mates are that growth was probably equal, maybe even more than 4 percent. So we have had tremendous growth. We already had a great first quarter relative to other first quarters, and the second quarter is probably very, very big. All of this, of course, means that if this growth is sustained, which I think it is likely to be, not only will we con-tinue to have good employment num-bers like we have had, but we are also going to have good budget numbers. The Federal Government budget is driven more than anything else by how strong our economy is and how many people are working. Everybody work-ing is paying taxes. Every company that is making money is paying taxes. So revenue coming into the Federal Government is likely to be very strong. So I am very optimistic. I think it is very clear that the combination of pushing back on excessive regulation and a tremendously pro-growth tax re-form has led to this growth. I should warn that I think there is a bit of a cloud on the horizon. I hope it doesn’t develop into a big storm. Right now it is just a cloud, but that cloud is trade policy that could really start to hinder economic growth. It is interesting. We had testimony at the Banking Committee just yester-day from Fed Chairman Powell. I pointed out that the minutes for the June meeting of the Federal Reserve’s Open Market Committee had a dis-turbing reference. I will quote briefly: The FOMC minutes for June stated: ‘‘Some Districts indicated’’—they refer to the various districts around the country—‘‘that plans for capital spend-ing had been scaled back or postponed as a result of uncertainty over trade policy.’’ That is a warning. That is a warning to us. If we spiral down into a full- blown trade war—and we certainly have a lot of skirmishes going on—and if this spirals out of control, business will start to pull back. They will lose the confidence they have had, and that could lead to diminished capital ex-penditures, which will start to really diminish the tremendous growth that we have seen. So far for this year the economic pic-ture has been extremely encouraging. Benefits are very broad-based. Eco-nomic growth is broad and strong. There are employment numbers that we haven’t seen in decades. I believe this can continue. It is much more likely to continue if we avoid a dam-aging trade war. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I am grateful today to be joined by Sen-ator K
ING, from the great State of Maine, to speak about the troubling changes that we are seeing in the oceans and how climate change is re-shaping our States’ fisheries. The Food and Agriculture Organiza-tion of the United Nations recognizes that ‘‘climate change imperils the structure and function of already stressed coastal aquatic ecosystems.’’ For the record, Maine and Rhode Island are indeed aquatic. The oceans have absorbed approxi-mately 30 percent of the excess carbon dioxide that we have pumped into the atmosphere since the Industrial Revo-lution began. That is changing the ocean’s chemistry. The oceans have also absorbed roughly 90 percent of the excess heat trapped in the atmosphere by those greenhouse gases. As a result of that excess carbon dioxide and that excess heat, our oceans are warming, and they are rising. They are losing ox-ygen, and they are growing more acid-ic. This puts marine life, coastal com-munities, and the global ocean econ-omy all in jeopardy. Commercial fishing is an important economy in the United States, and both Maine and Rhode Island celebrate our longstanding fishing traditions. According to the National Marine Fish-eries Service, over 9.6 billion pounds of wild seafood, valued at $5.3 billion, was commercially landed in the United States in 2016. Across New England, American lob-ster was our most valuable fishery. We had lobstermen bringing around $663 million—two-thirds of $1 billion—worth of lobster to shore. Sadly, Rhode Is-land’s lobster fishery is badly knocked down by warming ocean waters. NOAA notes: ‘‘The lobster industry in New York and southern New England has nearly collapsed.’’ Maine dominated the catch, bringing in nearly 85 percent of the lobster landed in the region. According to NOAA, from ‘‘1994 to 2014, Maine’s landings surged 219 per-cent to more than 124 million pounds.’’ The lobster population is shifting north, away from Rhode Island, New York, and Connecticut, as waters warm, leaving Rhode Island and other southern New England lobster traps empty. But Mainers are taking notice, too, as warming waters are driving lob-ster even farther north along their rocky coast. A recent study of 700 North American marine species pre-dicted that lobster populations could move 200 miles northward by the end of the century as waters continue to warm. Senator KINGcan report what 200 miles does to the coast of Maine. Lobster is not the only fishery feel-ing the heat in New England. A 2017 study of global warming found that the greater Northeast region is anticipated to warm faster than other regions of the world. According to the ‘‘Climate Science Special Report,’’ a Federal re-port that will form the scientific basis of the Fourth National Climate Assess-ment, ‘‘the Northeast has warmed fast-er than 99% of the global ocean since 2004.’’ We have a global ocean hotspot off our coast. The Northeast is also ex-pected to see higher than global aver-age sea level rise, putting our ports, fishing docks, and coastal infrastruc-ture all at risk. Fishermen have noticed. They are keenly aware of the myriad ways cli-mate change is altering the waters that generations of their families have fished, and they see the difference. Fishermen in Rhode Island have told me: ‘‘Sheldon, things are getting weird out there.’’ ‘‘Sheldon, it’s not my grandfather’s ocean.’’ They share anecdotes of catching in-creasing numbers of tropical fish early in the summer season and seeing fish 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18JY6.043 S18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5053 July 18, 2018 
that rarely frequented Rhode Island waters until recent years. As new fish move in and traditional fish move out, fishermen are left with more questions than answers. In Southern New England, black sea bass has become the poster fish for shifting stocks. As we can see in this graphic, the 1970s had a hub of black sea bass here, with this as the center and then a slight reach upward but ba-sically off the mid-Atlantic coast. This is 2014. The center of activity has moved up closer to Rhode Island. We are right here. Of course, black sea bass populations in our region have in-creased concomitantly. This commercially valuable fish, the black sea bass, can help Rhode Island fishermen replace traditional species that are growing more scarce, like win-ter flounder—the fish my wife studied for her graduate work—which has crashed as winters warm. The current fisheries’ management structure, however, forces Rhode Island fishermen to toss the increasingly abundant and valuable black sea bass overboard. NOAA scientists saw this northward transit of the sea bass com-ing years ago, but regulatory catch limits did not keep up. They are gen-erally based on historical catches. And States are hesitant to give up quota even after the fish have moved north-ward and left their shores, so State- specific quotas badly lag the changing distribution of the fish. A former Mid-Atlantic Fishery Man-agement Council scientist acknowl-edged that fish like summer flounder are moving north and told NPR that ‘‘some of the Southern states are hav-ing trouble catching their quota, and states to the north have more avail-ability of fish.’’ Dave Monti is a friend who is a char-ter boat captain out of Wickford Har-bor in North Kingstown, RI. Dave said: 
There’s no doubt the waters have warmed and black sea bass have moved in. The quotas haven’t done a good enough job at fig-uring in climate change yet. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to have printed in the R
ECORD an article from the Providence Journal describing the changes that Captain Monti sees and our local efforts to deal with these changes. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Providence Journal] F
RONT LINE OF CLIMATE CHANGE : BLACK SEA B
ASSSURGE OFFR.I. (By Alex Kuffner) P
ROVIDENCE , RI.—Scientists tell us that some fish will be winners and others losers as oceans warm. In Rhode Island, count lobster, silver hake and winter flounder among the losers, their numbers plummeting as climate change drives water temperatures higher. On the list of winners so far are squid, summer flounder, butterfish. And black sea bass. The population of the dusky-colored fish with striking blue accents has historically been strongest off the mid- Atlantic Coast, but over the past decade or so its numbers have spiked off New England and it is becoming a more important catch for the region’s fishermen. In a telling sign of black sea bass’s surge in Rhode Island, the state Department of Envi-ronmental Management last month loosened regulations governing the recreational fish-ery for the species, extending the season by 31 days and increasing the fall possession limit to seven fish per person per day, from five. It may appear to be a small development, but the rules change resulted from a heated debate among state and federal regulators about how best to manage a species whose distribution and abundance has gone through a striking shift that few would have imag-ined a generation ago. The back-and-forth over the fish also sig-nals more difficulties to come as regulators struggle to respond to the impacts of climate change on the marine environment. Similar issues are already playing out with summer flounder, another warm-water fish that is be-coming more common off the north Atlantic coast. How they are managed will have important implications not only for those fish but for lobsters and other key species in the ocean ecosystem. ‘‘We’re in an adaptive mode right now,’’ said Bob Ballou, assistant to the director of the Rhode Island Department of Environ-mental Management and chairman of the At-lantic States Marine Fisheries Commission’s black sea bass and summer flounder boards. ‘‘It’s occupying all our time to think through all the approaches to better manage these resources.’’ One of the key assumptions that the na-tion’s fishery management system is built upon is that species don’t move between gen-eral geographic regions. That traditional regulatory framework held up for a long time, but rising water temperatures and the resulting shifts in spe-cies distribution and abundance are forcing the beginnings of change. In the case of black sea bass, it’s not that the population of the fish is simply relo-cating north. Numbers are still decent in the southern portion of the fish’s range, but they are much stronger now off the coasts of New York, Connecticut, Rhode Island and Massa-chusetts—places where the waters used to be too cold to support large populations. In Rhode Island, water temperatures in Narragansett Bay have risen about 31⁄2–de- grees Fahrenheit since 1959, according to weekly monitoring done by the Graduate School of Oceanography at the University of Rhode Island. Warmer winters, in particular, have allowed black sea bass to thrive this far north. In the 1980s and 1990s, a fish trawl survey conducted by the DEM rarely caught a single black sea bass in Rhode Island waters, but incidence of the species has risen steadily, especially over the past decade, and now each trawl nets about two black sea bass on average. Because black sea bass move between fed-eral and state waters, the fish is managed jointly by the federal government, through the Mid-Atlantic Fishery Management Coun-cil, and states, including Rhode Island, through the Atlantic States Marine Fish-eries Commission. Although scientists have long known that concentrations of the fish have been shifting north toward the Gulf of Maine, it wasn’t until 2016 that regulators started to factor in the change. That year, a new stock assessment for black sea bass formally recognized for the first time two distinct populations of the fish, a northern group around New England and a southern group from New Jersey to the Carolinas. The growth in the northern group more than made up for the southern group’s medi-ocre numbers, and the assessment deter-mined the total population of the fish to be nearly two and a half times higher than the minimum stock threshold set by regulators ‘‘That was a really big step forward,’’ said Jason McNamee, chief of marine resource management for the DEM. ‘‘The science is now catching up to what’s going on with the environment.’’ But despite the robust overall picture for the fish, the ASFMC’s proposed quotas for this year called for a 12-percent reduction in the northern region’s catch to allow the southern region, the historic center of the black sea bass fishery, to increase its share. Rhode Island, New York, Massachusetts and Connecticut filed an appeal, and on May 3, the fisheries commission relented, allow-ing what amounts to a four-percent increase for the northern region. The stakes are high for Rhode Island, which is experiencing deep changes to the composition of its marine species because of its location, at the junction of what ocean scientists call the Boreal Province—cold waters that include the Gulf of Maine to the north—and the Virginian Province—warmer waters of the mid-Atlantic to the south. ‘‘We’re right at the front lines of these changes,’’ McNamee said. ‘‘These mid-Atlan-tic species are our most important species now.’’ Dave Monti reeled in another black sea bass. Like the five others caught in Narragan-sett Bay on a recent morning, at less than 15 inches long, it was too small to keep. So Monti started working the hook out of its mouth. ‘‘You’ve got to be careful of the dorsal fin,’’ he warned. ‘‘It’ll stick right into you.’’ As regulators have tightened catch limits for striped bass and other saltwater game fish that were historically abundant in Rhode Island waters, black sea bass has filled the void, said Monti, a charter boat captain who docks his boat in Wickford Har-bor. ‘‘They’ve saved my charters over the past couple years when other fish aren’t around,’’ he said. Seas were too rough to visit his favorite place to fish for black sea bass, a patch of waters in the open ocean near Brenton Reef off Newport, so he steered his 44-foot boat the Virginia Joan to a few spots in the Bay between Jamestown and Narragansett. Black sea bass is a reef fish that likes rocky bottoms and patrols the waters around jetties and pilings for prey. It’s a hermaphro-dite—some fish switch sexes as adults. The species can be found off Rhode Island year- round, typically coming inshore to the Bay in the spring to spawn and wintering farther off the coast. Just south of the Jamestown Verrazzano Bridge, Monti reached for a rod from a hold-er overhead. He called it his ‘‘sea bass slay-er.’’ It was fitted with a shiny, red-tinted lure and he baited the hook with a slice of squid and a little fish called a silverside. A few minutes later, the first black sea bass was caught. It doesn’t take much work to find the fish these days, said Rick Bellavance, president of the Rhode Island Party and Charter Boat Association. ‘‘Black sea bass are a charter boat opera-tor’s dream,’’ he said. ‘‘They’re pretty preva-lent, they’re easy to catch, and they taste great.’’ On a recent charter to Block Island, the six clients on Bellavance’s boat caught only two striped bass and one bluefish between them, so he started setting lines for black sea bass. They promptly snagged 20 of the fish that were big enough to take home. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18JY6.045 S18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5054 July 18, 2018 
Although he applauded the new regula-tions, he said the changes have been slow to come and haven’t gone far enough. He’d like to have the current six-month season ex-tended year-round and the per-person daily limit raised to 10 fish. ‘‘We need to recognize that the stock has shifted to the north and to the east,’’ he said. ‘‘Rhode Island is closer to that epicenter than it used to be.’’ Monti, who is vice president of the Rhode Island Marine Fisheries Council, which ad-vises the DEM on state fishing policy, agreed. ‘‘There’s no doubt the waters have warmed and black sea bass have moved in,’’ he said. ‘‘The quotas haven’t done a good enough job at figuring in climate change yet.’’ About half the morning’s catch on Monti’s boat were black sea bass. Among the rest were other warm-water fish that are becom-ing more common in Rhode Island: scup and summer flounder. After Monti freed the little black sea bass from the hook, he held it in his hand. As the fish age, their scales become more blue. This one had yet to develop the bright coloring, but it was still striking. ‘‘Pretty, isn’t it?’’ Monti said as he dropped it back into the Bay. Not everyone loves the fish. Black sea bass have voracious appetites, hunting on the ocean bottom for crabs, clams and shrimp. The fish don’t have teeth but will swallow crustaceans whole. Lobstermen complain of pulling up their traps and finding black sea bass inside that have gobbled up their lobsters. ‘‘I see it everyday,’’ said Lanny Dellinger, a Newport lobsterman and board member of the Rhode Island Lobstermen’s Association. ‘‘Everyday, every trawl. It doesn’t matter if it’s mud bottom, hard bottom, deep water, shallow water. There are so many black sea bass, it’s unbelievable.’’ The rise of black sea bass is coming at the same time that the lobster catch is on a steep decline in Rhode Island, falling from 8.2 million pounds in 1998 to 2.3 million pounds in 2016, according to the National Marine Fisheries Service. Lobster is a cold-water species that is mov-ing north as Rhode Island’s waters warm. The higher water temperatures have made the lobsters that remain more susceptible to shell disease. Dellinger and others believe that predation by black sea bass is also push-ing down the lobster numbers. Black sea bass could be contributing to the decline, but the fish is probably not the pri-mary cause, said Jon Hare, science and re-search director at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration’s Northeast Fisheries Science Center in Woods Hole. Crabs and other crustaceans that the fish eat aren’t feeling similar impacts, he said. McNamee agreed, saying that the fish gen-erally prey on smaller juvenile lobsters, leaving the bigger ones alone. As part of a larger study of black sea bass, the Rhode Island-based Commercial Fish-eries Research Foundation is analyzing the gut contents of fish caught by nine partici-pating commercial and recreational boats. ‘‘We know that black sea bass do eat lob-ster, but we just don’t know if the rate of consumption is having an impact on the size of the lobster population,’’ said Anna Malek Mercer, executive director of the foundation. One lobsterman sent her photos of a 2
1⁄2- inch long lobster found inside a black sea bass in a trap. ‘‘When they end up in lobster traps, there usually aren’t any lobsters inside,’’ she said. Dellinger wants loosened regulations on both the recreational and commercial sides to allow fishermen to catch more black sea bass. He likened the fish to coyotes that need to be culled or to rodents afflicting farmers. ‘‘It’s like owning a corn bin full of rats and nobody’s allowed to get rid of them,’’ he said. Despite the recent changes, scientists and fishermen in Rhode Island say that the man-agement system for black sea bass is still outdated. Tellingly, none of the New England states has a seat on the Mid-Atlantic Fishery Man-agement Council—one of the two key deci-sion-making bodies for the species—even though much of the fish’s population is lo-cated off the region’s coast. That has meant that allocations remain high for fishing boats in states like Virginia and North Carolina that must sometimes travel half a day north to find the fish, while Rhode Island boats are forced to discard their catch because, local fishermen say, their quotas aren’t high enough. The southern states don’t want to give up their share because black sea bass fetches a good price—more than $3 a pound on aver-age—and the commercial fishery is growing in value—tripling since 2009 to more than $12 million. The black sea bass study being done by the CFRF is using different gear types—from gill nets to trawls to lobster traps—to gather more data on the species and strengthen stock assessments that may be missing some fish. Malek Mercer said that scientists are get-ting a better understanding of the fish’s changing population, but managing the spe-cies is the problem. ‘‘For better or worse, science is not going to fix that,’’ she said. ‘‘But if we get our management there, I do think we can have a really strong black sea bass fishery here.’’ McNamee described the management sys-tem as ‘‘deliberative and slow by design.’’ He acknowledged the frustration felt by Rhode Island fishermen who have seen the state’s traditional groundfish stocks drop off while black sea bass proliferate. ‘‘There’s still way more fish to catch than fishermen can get access to,’’ he said. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, we have to fix this. To use the black sea bass example, the species is comanaged by the Mid-Atlantic Fishery Manage-ment Council and the Atlantic States Marine Fisheries Commission. Rhode Island only has a seat on the Atlantic States Commission; it does not have a vote on the Mid-Atlantic Council. That means that my State is not fully rep-resented in the decision-making proc-ess, and perfectly good black sea bass keeps being thrown into the sea by fishermen who ought to be able to bring that catch home. In 2016, NOAA scientists assessed the vulnerability to the effects of climate change of over 80 commercially valu-able species in the Northeast. So this is not just a story about black sea bass or about lobsters; this Northeast climate vulnerability assessment ranked spe-cies based on climate risk and sen-sitivities to changing ocean conditions. Here is the climate risk factor graph. As we see, all 80 species scored in the high or very high risk of climate expo-sure categories. All 80 commercially valuable species they studied faced high or very high risk. This is a red flag for our fisheries. Maine is the place for lobster. In Rhode Island, squid is king. In 2016, 56 percent of the longfin squid caught on the east coast was landed in Rhode Is-land. According to NOAA, this catch was valued at over $28 million, ac-counting for nearly 30 percent of our landings value in 2016. But climate change is putting our calamari at risk. Warm waters may actually open more habitat for the species, but its carbon cousin, ocean acidification, is the haz-ard. Like its shellfish brethren, squid require calcium carbonate—for squid, it is to grow the hard beaks they use to feed. Acidic waters decrease the avail-ability of this necessary compound in the seawater and can even dissolve cal-cium carbonate organisms’ shells under extremely acidic conditions. On the west coast, shellfish farmers have been dealing with ocean acidifica-tion since the mid-2000s. Dr. Richard Feely is the researcher who first iden-tified ocean acidification as the cause for oyster spat failures in the North-west back in 2005. He noted in a recent NPR article that the acidification problem is only going to get worse. ‘‘The acidification water welling up from the ocean floor now contains car-bon dioxide gas emitted 50 years ago.’’ Carbon emissions are worse since then. Some hatcheries in the Northwest are already moving operations to less acid-ic waters off Hawaii, and others are looking to buffer the water with seagrasses to absorb carbon and lower acidity. Shellfish farmers in Rhode Is-land are facing the challenge of acidifying waters as well. At the same time, marine species are also facing deoxygenation, increased harmful algae, and other consequences of a warming and acidifying ocean. The symptoms of climate change in the ocean are everywhere. A recent study in Global Change Bi-ology warned that reduced oxygen availability could limit the growth of fish and other species. Fishermen can’t make a living off sick and tiny fish. California’s lucrative Dungeness and rock crab season was cut short in 2015 to 2016 due to a harmful algae bloom. Our Great Lakes have been hit too. I went out on Lake Erie after the hor-rible algae event there, and the fisher-men who took me out sounded like Rhode Islanders. One of them said: ‘‘Everything I’ve learned from fishing a lifetime on this lake is worth nothing now, because it’s all changing so fast.’’ If we have an opportunity to have an open, bipartisan debate on a strong Magnuson-Stevens Act reauthoriza-tion, I urge my colleagues not to over-look the toll climate change is taking on our fishing industry. The changes that are happening in our oceans do not care whether you believe they exist. The physics, chemistry, and biol-ogy driving these changes will happen anyway, and our fishermen are depend-ing on us to give the scientists and the managers the tools and resources they need to meet the challenges climate change is bringing to our shores. I now yield to my friend from Maine to give the perspective from his rocky shores. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JY6.032 S18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5055 July 18, 2018 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maine. Mr. KING. Mr. President, I first want to thank Professor—I mean Senator W
HITEHOUSE for the information he shared. It was compelling, important, and very worthy of our deep consider-ation. To talk about renewing the Magnu-son-Stevens Act without talking about the effects of climate change and the effects on the water itself would be an enormous missed opportunity. First, I commend Senator W
HITE-
HOUSE , the Senator from Rhode Island, for his longstanding commitment to the issue of climate change, the well- worn ‘‘Time to Wake Up’’ poster, and the work he has done over the years to force us to pay attention to this issue. I am, as he indicated, going to talk about what is going on in the Gulf of Maine, but I want to broaden the dis-cussion just for a few moments to talk about the issue of climate change as a broader question before us. This isn’t some environmental dream. It is not something that was in-vented by someone. It was discovered by scientists, and it is dollars and cents. It is the most practical problem that we have to deal with. I am on the Armed Services Com-mittee. We are talking about military bases all over the world—some as close as right down in this region and then down toward Norfolk, VA—that are under a severe threat from rising sea levels and that are going to cost us bil-lions, if not trillions, of dollars to up-grade and maintain because of rising sea levels. This isn’t something ab-stract. This is something that is hap-pening today, and it is something that we are going to have to deal with that is going to have an enormous cost. The longer we put off preventing and deal-ing with this issue, the higher that cost is going to be. There is a second reason this is a na-tional security issue, and that is the aggravation of conflict and the initi-ation of migration. The number of refu-gees from Syria—which has disrupted the politics of Europe and disrupted many of the European countries and, indeed, has had a reflection here in this country—is roughly 3 to 4 million peo-ple. The estimate for refugees from cli-mate change—from extreme tempera-ture, from drought, from famine—is in the hundreds of millions as opposed to 3 to 4 million from Syria. Imagine the disruption to all of the countries of the world that are destinations for these refugees who are fleeing places that have become uninhabitable. This is a question we are going to have to address, and, as our military characterizes it, it is a threat multi-plier because when you have people moving from one region to another, you have conflict. From time immemo-rial, conflict has largely been based on things like access to water and access to arable land, and we are talking about an enormous accelerator of that across the world. Now let me talk about the effects in my home State. First the good news. Lobster landings in Maine are up. We have ridden a lobster boom over the past 30 years. Since the 1980s, the poundage of lobsters harvested in Maine has grown 500 percent. When I was Governor, a good harvest of lob-sters was 50 to 60 million pounds; 2 years ago, it was 127 million pounds— more than double. That is the good news. The bad news is that it is starting to change, and we may have seen the turning point in this boom. We don’t know that, but the last 2 years have been down substantially from the peak in 2016. We will see what happens this year. Hopefully, it is a blip and not a trend. By the way, one of the reasons the lobster industry has survived and flour-ished in Maine is not only the favor-able impact of gradual increases in temperature but because of the con-servation ethic of the lobstermen themselves, who voluntarily throw back egg-bearing females. They cut a V-notch in their tails so they won’t be caught again. If they are too small or too large, they throw them back. An amazing ethic of conservation has been imbued in the culture of lobstering and also in our laws for many years. So the fact that we still have a lobster fishery and that it is as vigorous and as pro-ductive as it is, is due in large measure to the creativity and conservation ethic of our lobstermen. Here is the bad news. The bad news is, when water temperature gets to about 68 degrees, it is like turning a switch. It stresses the lobster popu-lation to the point where they can’t survive. The good news is, it gets warmer, and they multiply. The bad news is, once it reaches a certain crit-ical point, the species could collapse. Indeed, that is what has happened, as the Senator from Rhode Island has in-dicated, to the once-plentiful lobster population of New York, Massachu-setts, and Rhode Island. The problem is, over recent years— and I have talked to a lobsterman friend today, just this afternoon—the center of gravity of lobstering along the Maine coast is steadily moving north and east. He told me it has moved about 50 miles in the last 10 years. The other problem that is occurring is that the lobsters are going further offshore to seek cooler water, which means the lobstermen have to go fur-ther. They have to have bigger boats. They have to make more of an invest-ment in order to make a living. Right now, we are in good shape, but the trend is not good. We are seeing other changes that have magnified both the boom, and what we are wor-ried about is the bust. We have seen changes decline in some fish species like the cod that fed on baby lobsters. Now, as Senator W
HITEHOUSE men-tioned, we are seeing a growth of a fish that was never seen in Maine in the re-cent past, the black sea bass. My friend tells me, today they are catching triggerfish in the Gulf of Maine, which is a North Carolina spe-cies. They have even caught seahorses in lobster traps. This is a dramatic change as the waters warm. As I mentioned, if they get close to the 68-degree level, the lobster popu-lation is in trouble. It is not only lob-sters. By the way, lobstering is a seri-ous business in Maine—half a billion dollars just in land value, a billion and a half dollars in the overall economic impact of this species to our State. By the way, before I leave the ques-tion of lobsters, I have to acknowledge the comments made by the Senator from Pennsylvania earlier when he was talking about the economy, and he flashed a warning light at the end of his remarks about trade and tariffs. We are already seeing the negative impact of what I consider ill-considered tariffs on China. The first place they retali-ated was against lobsters. Twenty per-cent of the entire lobster catch in Maine is sold and exported to China. It is our fastest growing market. If the Chinese tariffs they have already an-nounced are imposed and fully imple-mented, it could cut that to zero. Canada doesn’t have those tariffs. Canada is not engaging in a trade war with China. Canada and other coun-tries are moving into the vacuum we have created. The idea that we can im-pose tariffs on other countries without any ill effects here just isn’t true. Right now, it looks like the lobster industry, soybeans in the Midwest, maple syrup in Vermont, other agricul-tural products across the country are going to be collateral damage in an in-cipient trade war that I don’t under-stand where it is going. I would like to know what the strat-egy is. What is the end game? Where does this go? So far, I haven’t seen any indication of that. What I have seen an indication of is severely dangerous im-pacts on our economy industry. Another part of our ocean ecosystem is clams. There is a massive decrease in harvest because of two reasons: One, acidification. As the Senator from Rhode Island indicated, 30 percent of all the carbon dioxide that has been emitted during the Industrial Revolu-tion has ended up in acidification in the ocean and, two, nonnative green crabs, which are exploding because they like the warmer water. They have been around for 100 years, but that pop-ulation is growing enormously. They are just devastating the clams. Green crabs can consume 40 half-inch clams a day. Those crabs have decimated blue mussels and scallops along the shore. They are going for clams, and we are concerned that maybe lobsters could be next. Warming water and shifting preda-tors are not the only challenges we face: more carbon dioxide into the at-mosphere, absorbed into the ocean, and one-quarter of what is emitted goes into the ocean. The ocean then be-comes more acidic. Any kind of shelled 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18JY6.046 S18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5056 July 18, 2018 
animals—lobsters, clams, oysters—ex-pend evermore energy maintaining the pH balance in their bodies, and that means they can’t grow and reproduce. The world’s oceans have become 30 per-cent more acidic since the Industrial Revolution. Oysters have become a great new product for Maine. We are growing them in oyster farms along the Damariscotta River and other places. You can go to fancy restaurants and see Damariscotta oysters. They are wonderful. My friend Bill Mook, who is one of the pioneers of the oyster industry in Maine, has had to move the incubation of his oysters out of the ocean, out of the natural river, onshore, and into tanks so he can buffer the water to minimize the acidification and then put them back in the water to grow out. That is a pure result of climate change and acidification of the ocean. Freshwater runoff is another issue that increases the acidification. We have had an enormous increase in the amount of freshwater rainfall in this country, and in Maine that has in-creased the acidification in the oceans. What do we do? The first thing we do is admit there is a problem. You can’t solve a problem if you act like there is nothing wrong. The first thing we have to do is admit there is a problem. I think more and more people are com-ing to that conclusion. When this administration was nomi-nating people, the refrain I heard in all of the hearings was climate is chang-ing, man has an impact on it, but we don’t know how much. That is progress. At least it is an ad-mission that something is happening. What do we do? We admit there is a problem. I think we are close to reach-ing that point. The second thing we have to do is more research. We have to continue to fund the science to do the research to understand what is happening, to un-derstand what we can do to mitigate these risks. Research and scientific data is crucial. For some of our great agencies that have the people who have been researching this for years, to be suppressing the research or not sup-porting it or burying it is not a service to our country. Research is crucial. We need the facts. We need the data. We need mitigation strategies. We also need to pay attention to the under-lying cause of climate change, which is a combustion of fossil fuels and the enormous amount of carbon dioxide that is being added to the atmosphere. This is a long-term challenge. It is not something we can solve in the next 1 or 2 years. Some people ask: Well, it is such a long-term challenge, why are we doing it? Because it may not be solved for 50 years. In my office is Edmund Muskie’s desk. I sit behind Edmund Muskie’s desk—one of the greatest Senators of the 20th century and one of the great-est citizens Maine has ever produced. Fifty years ago—2 years from now, 1970—Edmond Muskie led the passage of the Clean Water Act and the Clean Air Act, which are two of the greatest and most important pieces of legisla-tion passed in this body in the last 100 years; the first real recognition that we had a responsibility to the environ-ment, that we had a responsibility to our children and our grandchildren. By the way, astoundingly, the Clean Water Act passed the U.S. Senate unani-mously. Can you imagine? We can’t agree on the time of day unanimously in this body. In 1970, under Ed Muskie’s leadership, the Clean Water Act was passed unanimously. The point I want to make is, the steps they took almost 50 years ago have cleaned up our rivers, have cleaned up our atmosphere, have made parts of our country blossom again. In Maine, we are working on our riv-ers. The towns that turned their backs on the rivers are now turning back to-ward the rivers because people can fish, swim, and enjoy the rivers. When Ed Muskie started his lonely crusade in the late 1960s, the rivers were essen-tially open sewers. Fifty years ago, Ed Muskie started that work. We see the benefit of it today. We should be doing the same thing. The fact that it may not come to fruition for 20, 30, 40, or 50 years is no reason to not start now. We have to start. This isn’t pie in the sky. This isn’t somebody trying to impose new regulations. This isn’t something that is made up by environmentalists or people who just don’t want to see any development. No. This is lives and live-lihood. These are families, commu-nities. It is responsible stewardship and just plain common sense. There is a lot of science, and there is a lot of complexity to this issue. It seems to me we can take inspiration from Ed Muskie, Howard Baker, and all those a generation ago who built the edifice upon which we have a cleaner, healthier, stronger economy and stronger society. I remember those days. The great de-bate was payrolls versus pickerel. You couldn’t have payrolls if you preserved the pickerel. It turned out to not be true. We have developed the strongest economy in the history of the world. Yet we paid attention to the environ-ment. We have paid attention to our responsibilities, to our children and our grandchildren, and we created the economy at the same time we were able to clean up the environment. I remember those debates. They were bitter. You can’t do it. If you do this, you are going to put everything out of business. There will be no economy. That was the argument. It hasn’t hap-pened. Finally, you can talk about the science. You can get caught up in all the data. To me, there is a really easy rule that makes this easy to under-stand what our responsibilities are. I call it the ‘‘Maine rototiller rule.’’ Many people in Maine have gardens, but it is a small garden. It is in your backyard, so it doesn’t make sense for everybody to buy a rototiller—the ma-chine you use once or twice a year to clean your garden and till over the ground and begin to plant. We borrow them. I used to borrow one from my neighbor Peter Cox. The ‘‘Maine rototiller rule’’ goes like this. When you borrow your neighbor’s rototiller, you return it to them in as good a shape as you got it, with a full tank of gas. That is all you need to know about environmental stewardship. Do you know what? We have the planet on loan. We don’t own it. We own a little piece of land for a generation, but we don’t own it. We have it on loan from our children and our grandchildren and their children and their grandchildren. Therefore, we have a sacred responsi-bility to turn over the planet to them in the same or better shape than we found it. That is our responsibility. It is very simple. When you borrow some-thing from your neighbor, you return it in as good a shape as you found it. That is what we should be doing today. We can do this. There will be costs, but the costs of not doing it will dwarf the costs we can undertake today to protect the Gulf of Maine, the coast of the United States, the fields of Africa, the forests of North America, and the land and water and air that our chil-dren and grandchildren deserve to have passed on to them in better shape than we found it. We can do this. We can start today. We may not live to see the results, but we will know we have done something important, something meaningful, something that will make a difference in the lives of generations we don’t know. They will know what we do or what we don’t do. I myself choose the side of action—recognizing the prob-lem, analyzing it, understanding it, and acting to mitigate the harms that otherwise will befall our children. I yield the floor. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, Senator K
INGand I yield the floor. First, let me thank him for joining us. Second, with Senators present here from landlocked States, let me make the requests to both of you that, when we come before this body with concerns about what is happening to our ocean economies, which I think are shared by every coastal Senator who is seeing these changes, that you view our pleas with the same courtesy and respect that we show you when wildfires burn through Utah and we come to make sure that there is adequate emergency response or when Oklahoma faces hur-ricanes or cyclones and tornadoes and the Federal Government and the Sen-ate rally to the response of those who are experiencing the pain of that in your States. Our fishing communities and our coastal communities have a very different distress, but I hope you will see it as an equal distress and pay us the courtesy of your due consider-ation. I yield the floor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18JY6.048 S18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5057 July 18, 2018 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L EE). The Senator from Oklahoma. 
SECURING OUR ELECTIONS  
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, there has been a lot of conversation again, of late, about election security. It seems to be a frequent conversation in the hallways the last couple of days, and it is an ongoing issue that I think some people have lost track of, but we have not. A
MYKLOBUCHAR and I and several others have worked very hard for months on this issue of election secu-rity, quietly trying to get the language right and to work through the process of what it takes to secure our elections for 2018, 2020, and beyond, learning the lesson from 2016. I do want to remind this body that the elections are not something that happens this November. It is already ongoing. Many States’ primaries have already been conducted. Last night there was a runoff primary that hap-pened in Alabama. Georgia holds their runoff primaries next week, and Ten-nessee is the week after that. Kansas, Michigan, Missouri, and Washington will be on Tuesday, August 7. It is al-ready ongoing. While we watch the indictments that just came down from the Mueller in-vestigation on GRU officers from Rus-sia who were trying to interfere in our elections in 2016, as we have seen the sanctions and the indictments that have come down on some of the oligarchs from Russia and from the Internet Research Agency for what they were doing in social media, trying to be able to interfere with our election in 2016, I think it may be important for us to do a quick lookback at what has happened and what is still going on and what we are trying to accomplish in the next few weeks. Let me just give a quick look at what is happening in my State of Oklahoma. In Oklahoma, in the 2016 cycle, the FBI and others began to discover that there were issues with the elections and some interference from what they, at that time, called ‘‘bad actors’’ in June of 2016. Later that summer, in August of 2016, the FBI issued what they call a nationwide ‘‘flash alert’’ to every State dealing with a threat from a ‘‘bad actor.’’ The Oklahoma State Cyber Command director received that warning, as did everyone else, but at that time the FBI didn’t share any details because no one in my State was given security clear-ance to be able to have that kind of classified conversation with the FBI. It wasn’t until September 22 of 2017, a year and a little bit later, that DHS ac-tually notified my State and our State election authorities that we hadn’t just been targeted by a bad actor but that we had been targeted by the Russians— a year later—because no one had clear-ance and there was no one engaged. DHS told Oklahoma State Election Board secretary Paul Ziriax, who is doing a great job, that there was evi-dence that the Russians conducted a surveillance scan looking into vulnera-bilities in the State computer network, but they didn’t get into the election board computer network, and they didn’t get into any of our equipment. They basically came and checked to see if the door was locked, and they found out that in Oklahoma the door was locked, and the Russians could not get in. They didn’t penetrate into our system, though they tried. But it was a year after the elections before we were even notified that the Russians were trying to penetrate our system. A subtle flash warning is all that we received in the summer of 2016. Oklahoma has a great system for elections. Our system is consistent across every single county. We have op-tical scanners with a paper ballot backup so that we can verify the com-puter count with a hand count if need-ed. We have had a very good system. That system was tested by the Rus-sians when they evaluated the com-puter networks of our State, and they were also not able to get in, thanks to the leadership of some of the cyber and the technology folks who are in Okla-homa. Not all States have the same prac-tices. In some States, from county to county their election systems are dif-ferent. From township to township they may have different systems with different companies and different back-grounds. They may not have the same kind of system where they get a chance to protect their cyber systems. We saw that in 2016, when the Rus-sians were able to penetrate some of the States and actually were able to harvest some of their voter register rolls. They weren’t able to change any votes. They weren’t able to affect the voting that day, but they did a tremen-dous amount of scanning through sys-tems to be able to see where there were vulnerabilities, what they could learn on our election systems, and how they could engage for a future time. I think we should learn a lesson from that and be aware that the Russians are trying to penetrate that system and learning as much as they could. At the same time that they were hacking into different systems and testing them out to see if they could get in, a different set of folks from the Russian group the Internet Research Agency were trying to put out social media disinformation. Some 200,000 Oklahomans saw Facebook and Twitter posts that Rus-sians put out as false information. They weren’t all on one candidate. There were multiple candidates and multiple issues. Sometimes it was on Hillary Clinton, sometimes on Donald Trump, sometimes on B
ERNIE SANDERS , sometimes on Jill Stein, and some-times just on ideological issues. Over 200,000 Oklahomans saw those posts from different Russians, not knowing they were Russian posts at all. They were Russians pretending to be Ameri-cans, and they were pushing that infor-mation out. What can we learn from this? One is the most simple of those things: You shouldn’t believe everything you see on the internet. It is not always an Amer-ican. It is not always who they post to be, and it is not always true. It should be the most basic information that we should learn about what is happening on the internet and what is online, in-cluding Facebook and Twitter. The other lesson that we need to learn is a little more complicated. We have to be able to have better commu-nication between the Federal Govern-ment and States, better cybersecurity systems, and the ability to audit that. That is why Senator KLOBUCHAR and I have worked for months on a piece of legislation called the Secure Elections Act. That piece has worked its way through every State looking at it and their election authorities. We have worked it through multiple committee hearings. In fact, recently, just in the last month, there were two different hearings in the Rules Committee. It is now ready to be marked up and final-ized to try to bring it to this body. It is a very simple piece. It affirms that States run elections. The Federal Government should not take over elec-tions nationwide. In fact, that would make a bad situation worse. States need to be able to run elections and be able to manage those. But it qualifies several things. One is that it gives a security clearance to a person in every single State. If there is a threat from a hostile actor, there is not some vague warning that comes out. There is an immediate address about what is happening and a commu-nication within the intelligence com-munity here on the Federal level to in-dividuals with a clearance on the State level. Right now, the DHS, in absence of this legislation, has started imple-menting it anyway. Every single State has at least one person with a security clearance now, including my own. They are working to have at least three in every State to do a backup system. We also need to be able to affirm that every State can audit their elections, that they would do what is called risk- limiting audits after the election just to check and to make sure that the re-sults are correct, but also that they have the ability to audit it as the elec-tion is going on so that it is not just counting on a machine but that there is also some way to back it up. States have a variety of ways they can actu-ally do that. If elections are trusting that the electronics are going to work and not be hacked into and not be affected, we should have learned the lesson from 2016 that there are outside entities try-ing to attack these systems and to find vulnerabilities, and they will. Some way to be able to back it up, to be able to audit the election while it is happening, risk-limiting audits after the fact, security clearances for indi-viduals within States, and rapid com-munication State to State and State to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18JY6.050 S18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5058 July 18, 2018 
Federal Government all help to main-tain the integrity of our elections. That is what we do in the Secure Elections Act. I think it is so impor-tant that we try to resolve this as quickly as possible. I encourage this body to finish the markup in the Rules Committee to be able to bring it to the floor and to have a consistent bipartisan vote to be able to support the work that we need to continue to do to protect our elections in the days ahead. Our Republic is one that maintains its stability based on the integrity of our elections. I have zero doubt that the Russians tried to destabilize our Nation in 2016 by attacking the core of our democracy. Anyone who believes they will not do it again has missed the basic information that is out day after day after day in our intelligence brief-ings. The Russians have done it the first time. They showed the rest of the world the lesson and what could be done. It could be the North Koreans the next time. It could be the Iranians the next time. It could be a domestic activ-ist group the next time. We should learn that lesson, close that vulnerabil-ity, and make sure that we protect our systems in the days ahead. There is more that can be done, but the States seem to take a lead on this. This is something that the Federal Government should do, and we are very close to getting it done. I wanted to be able to tell this body that we are close. Let us work together to get this done in the days ahead. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
NATO  
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, thank you. Last week at the NATO summit in Brussels, the leaders of all 29 member states, including the United States with President Trump, signed a dec-laration reaffirming the purpose of the alliance—collective defense and the im-portance of article 5, which regards being attacked against one ally as an attack against all others. There may be a growing sense here in the United States that NATO is no longer useful to our interests and that it is a burden that is not worth the cost. I recently traveled to Moscow, Oslo, and Helsinki with members of the Sen-ate Appropriations Committee, many of us on the Subcommittee on Defense. We had meetings with U.S. Embassy of-ficials, our Ambassadors, and foreign government officials—people within the ministries of foreign affairs, min-istries of defense, and with legislative leaders in that region. At my meetings in Moscow, we worked to begin a dialogue with Rus-sian counterparts. Everything I heard in those meetings reinforces my belief that Russia remains a threat to Euro-pean stability and that a united NATO is essential to countering the threat and preserving American peace and prosperity. Two wars in Europe last century re-sulted in the loss of hundreds of thou-sands of American lives who fought the forces of tyranny. To prevent a third war against this Communist menace, Western European powers, still weak-ened by World War II, formed an alli-ance with America and Canada to deter the Soviet Union’s massive conven-tional forces from invading beyond what became the eastern bloc. Not only did NATO successfully deter the Soviet Union until its collapse in 1991—and in my view, NATO contrib-uted to the Soviet Union collapse in a significant way—but in that process, America’s commitment to European security allowed these allies to recover from the war economically, strength-ened democratic governance, and en-abled them to stop fearing one another. We would be naive to believe that threats critical to North Atlantic secu-rity have faded along with the Soviet Union. Indeed, my recent interactions in Europe confirmed that Russia re-mains a revisionist power intent on continuing Russia’s disruptive activi-ties in Europe, the Middle East, and here at home in the United States. In every meeting I attended, I made clear that the Russians must end their election-meddling here in the United States and Europe in order to open doors to rebuilding our relations. I brought up Russia’s destabilizing sup-port for separatists in Ukraine and its illegal seizure of Crimea after Ukraine democratically chose a President who sought closer ties with the West. Supporting and admitting that they share intelligence with the Taliban un-dermines the democratic government in Afghanistan and undermines our Na-tion’s military as we continue to fight the Taliban alongside the Afghan Na-tional Security Forces. In each circumstance of those con-versations, Russian officials, including Foreign Minister Lavrov, continued to obfuscate or outright deny any respon-sibility. However, those meetings left me unconvinced that Russia is pre-pared to change its behavior. In subsequent talks in Norway, a NATO member, and Finland, a NATO partner, the concerns relayed to me by these European leaders underscore the fear our European friends have about Russian activities. During our meet-ings, my colleagues and I reassured them of America’s commitment to our joint security, and that commitment from the entire U.S. Government must not waver. The first Supreme Allied Commander in Europe overseeing all NATO mili-tary operations was Kansas’s own Dwight D. Eisenhower. As President in 1957, he declared before our NATO al-lies that we must ‘‘re-dedicate our-selves to the task of dispelling the shadows that are being cast upon the free world.’’ In addition to ongoing Russian sub-terfuge, terrorist groups remain intent on striking the West, threats to data information require strong cyber secu-rity measures, and the scourge of human and drug trafficking degrades social structures. On these and other issues, NATO allies have coordinated and contributed to the security of our own country, the United States of America. In particular, let’s recall that only once has NATO invoked article 5—in the aftermath of the 9/11 attacks on our country. The only time the NATO alliance has been asked to respond, they declared a willingness to re-spond—that an attack on one is an at-tack on all—when the United States of America was attacked on 9/11. When we went to war against al- Qaida and its Taliban hosts in Afghani-stan, we were not alone. The United States has nearly 15,000 troops serving in Afghanistan, and they are serving with NATO coalition forces as part of counterterrorism efforts to support Af-ghanistan’s fight against the Taliban and ISIS, which has seized strategic territories in recent years. We are approaching 17 years of sup-port from our NATO allies in Afghani-stan—support that has come even at the expense of the blood of those who serve. Just last week, I am saddened to say, two U.S. Army soldiers paid the ultimate sacrifice and were killed while serving in Afghanistan, and at least two more soldiers have been wounded from insurgent attacks. Finally, there is an economic threat that a destabilized Europe poses to our Nation’s well-being. The EU—distinct from NATO but certainly a beneficiary of the security provided—is America’s largest trading partner. Questioning why we should come to the defense of the smallest NATO mem-ber damages the alliance, and it hurts our alliances elsewhere. If we won’t honor a treaty in Europe, friends might wonder why we would honor a treaty in Asia. Predators can take advantage of our perceived indifference. That is, in part, what led to the Korean war. The United States contributes 22 per-cent of NATO’s total budget. In addi-tion to our NATO contributions, the United States continues to increase de-fense spending on our military pres-ence supporting our partners, with more than $6 billion in fiscal year 2019 appropriated for the European Deter-rence Initiative and another $792 mil-lion invested in military construction across the continent. President Trump is absolutely right to urge fellow allies to increase their defense spending, and I echoed that message on our trip to Norway when we visited with those allies in Oslo. To the credit of our allies, they have in-creased spending by more than $40 bil-lion in the past year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18JY6.051 S18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5059 July 18, 2018 
Fighting alongside us in Afghanistan, where they continue to serve beside us today, unfortunately, more than 1,000 Europeans have died. NATO is strong, and it is getting stronger. I believe the strength of NATO relies on remaining unified. Words matter, and what Americans say can bolster or shake confidence in the United States. I will conclude on this personal note. I thought of the force for good our country has provided the world as I stood in our Embassy in Moscow on July 4th, our Independence Day, watch-ing the Marine Corps Honor Guard’s presentation of the colors as our na-tional anthem was sung. It is difficult for me to sing the national anthem without choking up wherever I am, but it was especially difficult that day as I reflected upon the course of events in my life—when kids practiced getting under their desks for missile drills, to the fall of the Berlin Wall, to the after-math of 9/11, to a father who served in World War II. I honor him and all those who served. Over the past 70 years, it is America that has safeguarded freedom for our people and for those who live elsewhere in the world. Along the way, our vision of a freer, more prosperous world at-tracted allies who shared our dream. Our foremost responsibility is to pro-tect Americans all the time and to pro-mote our values around the world. We can do this better. We can do this with our allies. With them, we will have a better future. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to legislative session for a pe-riod of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MEMBERS OF THE SENATE NATO OBSERVER GROUP Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, in April, the Democratic leader and I an-nounced the reestablishment of the Senate NATO Observer Group. Sen-ators T
ILLIS and S HAHEEN , both Mem-bers of the Senate Armed Services Committee, were named cochairs. We have asked for the following Senators to participate: BARRASSO , RUBIO, GARD-
NER, ERNST , ROUNDS , MERKLEY , COONS , K
ING, BOOKER and V ANHOLLEN . 
f 
BUDGET SCOREKEEPING REPORT Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I rise to submit to the Senate the budget scorekeeping report for July 2018. The report compares current-law levels of spending and revenues with the amounts the Senate agreed to in the budget resolution for fiscal year 2018, H. Con. Res. 71, and the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 (BBA18). This infor-mation is necessary for the Senate Budget Committee to determine whether budgetary points of order lie against pending legislation. The Re-publican staff of the Senate Budget Committee and the Congressional Budget Office, CBO, prepared this re-port pursuant to section 308(b) of the Congressional Budget Act (CBA). This is the fifth scorekeeping report this year and the second since I filed new enforceable levels on May 7, pursu-ant to BBA18 requirements. My last fil-ing can be found in the C
ONGRESSIONAL  R
ECORD for June 6, 2018. The informa-tion included in this report is current through July 16, 2018. Republican Budget Committee staff prepared Tables 1–6. Table 1 gives the amount by which each Senate authorizing committee ex-ceeds or is below its allocation for budget authority and outlays under the most recently adopted budget resolu-tion and the fiscal year 2019 enforce-able levels filing. This information is used for enforcing committee alloca-tions pursuant to section 302 of the CBA. For this reporting period, 10 of the 16 authorizing committees are in compliance with their allocations. During this reporting period, Con-gress cleared two pieces of legislation with significant budgetary effects scored to authorizing committees. The first bill was H.R. 770, the American In-novation $1 Coin Act. This measure re-quires the Secretary of the Treasury to mint, beginning in 2019, new $1 coins ‘‘in recognition of American innova-tion and significant innovation and pioneering efforts of individuals or groups from each of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the United States territories.’’ CBO estimates that H.R. 770 would increase direct spending in the near term by $3 million but would be deficit-neutral over the entire budget window. This bill was charged to the Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Committee. The second bill was H.R. 5956, the Northern Mariana Is-lands U.S. Workforce Act of 2018. This bill modifies U.S. immigration policy regarding the Northern Mariana Is-lands, thereby reducing the number of people able to claim asylum and re-ceive means-tested benefits. CBO esti-mates that this bill would save $3 mil-lion over the budget window. H.R. 5956 was charged to the Energy and Natural Resources Committee. Tables 2–6 remain unchanged from my last filing. In addition to the tables provided by Budget Committee Republican staff, I am submitting CBO tables, which I will use to enforce budget totals approved by Congress. Because legislation can still be en-acted that would have an effect on fis-cal year 2018, CBO has provided a re-port both for fiscal year 2018 and fiscal year 2019. This information is used to enforce aggregate spending and rev-enue levels in the budget resolution under section 311 of the CBA. CBO’s es-timates show that current-law levels of spending for fiscal year 2018 exceed the amounts in H. Con. Res. 71 by $157.4 bil-lion in budget authority and $106.3 bil-lion in outlays. Revenues are $3.2 bil-lion above the revenue floor for fiscal year 2018 set by the budget resolution. Social Security outlays are at the lev-els assumed by the resolution, while Social Security revenues are $446 mil-lion below the levels in the budget. For fiscal year 2019, CBO estimates that current-law levels are below the fiscal year 2019 enforceable aggregates by $1,142.2 billion in budget authority and $646.1 billion in outlays. The allow-able spending room will be reduced as appropriations bills are enacted. Reve-nues are $5 million below the level as-sumed for fiscal year 2019. Finally, So-cial Security outlays and revenues are at the levels assumed in the fiscal year 2019 enforcement filing. CBO’s report also provides informa-tion needed to enforce the Senate pay- as-you-go, PAYGO, rule. After account-ing for enacted legislation during this reporting period, the PAYGO scorecard shows deficit increases in fiscal year 2019 of $25 million—$5 million revenue loss, $20 million outlay increase—over the fiscal year 2019–2023 period of $332 million—$47 million revenue loss, $285 million outlay increase—and over the fiscal year 2019–2028 period of $487 mil-lion—$108 million revenue loss, $379 million outlay increase. The Senate’s PAYGO rule is enforced by section 4106 of H. Con. Res. 71. Included in this submission is a table tracking the Senate’s budget enforce-ment activity on the floor since the May 7 enforcement filing. On June 18, 2018, Senator B
ERNARD SANDERS raised a Senate PAYGO point of order against H.R. 5515, the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. That point of order was waived by a vote of 81–14. H.R. 5515 has yet to be enacted and is currently in conference. All years in the accompanying tables are fiscal years. I ask unanimous consent that the ac-companying tables be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18JY6.053 S18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5060 July 18, 2018 
TABLE 1.—SENATE AUTHORIZING COMMITTEES—ENACTED DIRECT SPENDING ABOVE (+) OR BELOW ( ¥) BUDGET RESOLUTIONS 
[In millions of dollars] 2018 2019 2019–2023 2019–2028 
Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 47 0 0 0 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...... 47 0 0 0 Armed Services Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ¥33 0 0 0 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......¥24 0 0 0 Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 0 21 285 382 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...... 0 20 285 382 Commerce, Science, and Transportation Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 0 0 0 0 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...... 0 0 0 0 Energy and Natural Resources Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 220 0 0 ¥3 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...... 198 0 0 ¥3 Environment and Public Works Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 0 0 0 0 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...... 0 0 0 0 Finance Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 21,971 0 0 0 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...... 5,211 0 0 0 Foreign Relations Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 0 0 0 0 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...... 0 0 0 0 Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 0 0 0 0 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...... 0 0 0 0 Judiciary Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 0 0 0 0 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...... 0 0 0 0 Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 705 0 0 0 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...... 205 0 0 0 Rules and Administration Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 0 0 0 0 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...... 0 0 0 0 Intelligence Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 0 0 0 0 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...... 0 0 0 0 Veterans’ Affairs Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ...............................................................................................................................
7,300 0 0 ¥729 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...... 1,850 4,400 4,400 3,671 Indian Affairs Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 0 0 0 0 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...... 0 0 0 0 Small Business Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 0 0 0 0 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...... 0 0 0 0 
Total Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ...................................................................................................................... 30,210 21  285 ¥350 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................ 7,4 87 4,420 4,685 4,050 
TABLE 2.—SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE—ENACTED REGULAR DISCRETIONARY APPROPRIATIONS1 
[Budget authority, in millions of dollars] 2018 Security
2 Nonsecurity2 
Statutory Discretionary Limits ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................ 629,000 579,000 Amount Provided by Senate Appropriations Subcommittee Agriculture, Rural Development, and Related Agencies ........................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 0 23,259 Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 5,400 54,200 Defense ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................... 589,320 132 Energy and Water Development ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................... 21,800 21,400 Financial Services and General Government ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 31 23,392 Homeland Security .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................. 2,058 45,665 Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 0 35,252 Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and Related Agencies ............................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 0 177,100 Legislative Branch ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 0 4,700 Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies ............................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................ 10,091 81,900 State Foreign Operations, and Related Programs ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 0 42,000 Transportation and Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies ......................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................... 300 70,000 Current Level Total ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 629,000 579,000 
Total Enacted Above (+) or Below ( ¥) Statutory Limits ............................................................................................................. ....................................................................................................................... 0 0 
1This table excludes spending pursuant to adjustments to the discretionary spending limits. These adjustments are allowed for ce rtain purposes in section 251(b)(2) of BBEDCA. 
2Security spending is defined as spending in the National Defense budget function (050) and nonsecurity spending is defined as a ll other spending. 
TABLE 3.—SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE— ENACTED REGULAR DISCRETIONARY APPROPRIATIONS
1 
[Budget authority, in millions of dollars] 2019 Security
2 Nonsecurity2 
Statutory Discretionary Limits .............. 647,000 597,000 Amount Provided by Senate Appropriations Subcommittee Agriculture, Rural Development, and Related Agencies .............................. 0 9 Commerce, Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies .................................. 0 0 Defense ................................................. 44 0 Energy and Water Development ............ 0 0 Financial Services and General Govern-ment ................................................. 0 0 Homeland Security ................................ 0 9 Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies ........................................... 0 0 Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and Related Agencies ..... 0 24,684 TABLE 3.—SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE—EN-ACTED REGULAR DISCRETIONARY APPROPRIATIONS
1— Continued 
[Budget authority, in millions of dollars] 2019 Security
2 Nonsecurity2 
Legislative Branch ................................ 0 1 Military Construction and Veterans Af-fairs, and Related Agencies ............. 0 67,109 State Foreign Operations, and Related Programs .......................................... 0 0 Transportation and Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies 0 4,400 
Current Level Total ............. 44 96,212 TABLE 3.—SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE—EN-ACTED REGULAR DISCRETIONARY APPROPRIATIONS
1— Continued 
[Budget authority, in millions of dollars] 2019 Security
2 Nonsecurity2 
Total Enacted Above (+) or Below (¥) Statutory Limits .............. ¥646,956 ¥500,788 
1This table excludes spending pursuant to adjustments to the discre-tionary spending limits. These adjustments are allowed for certain purposes in section 251(b)(2) of BBEDCA. 
2Security spending is defined as spending in the National Defense budg-et function (050) and nonsecurity spending is defined as all other spending. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JY6.039 S18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5061 July 18, 2018 
TABLE 4.—SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE—EN-ACTED CHANGES IN MANDATORY SPENDING PROGRAMS (CHIMPS) 
[Budget authority, millions of dollars] 2018 
CHIMPS Limit for Fiscal Year 2018 ........................................... 17,000 Senate Appropriations Subcommittees Agriculture, Rural Development, and Related Agencies ........... 0 Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies ................. 10,228 Defense ...................................................................................... 0 Energy and Water Development ................................................. 0 Financial Services and General Government ............................. 0 Homeland Security ..................................................................... 0 Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies ............................ 0 Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and Related Agencies ................................................................................ 6,772 Legislative Branch ..................................................................... 0 Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agen-cies ........................................................................................ 0 State Foreign Operations, and Related Programs ..................... 0 Transportation and Housing and Urban Development, and Re-lated Agencies ....................................................................... 0 
Current Level Total .................................................. 17,000 Total CHIMPS Above (+) or Below ( ¥) Budget Resolu- tion ............................................................................... 0 
TABLE 5.—SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE—EN-ACTED CHANGES IN MANDATORY SPENDING PROGRAMS (CHIMPS) 
[Budget authority, millions of dollars] 2019 
CHIMPS Limit for Fiscal Year 2019 ........................................... 15,000 Senate Appropriations Subcommittees Agriculture, Rural Development, and Related Agencies ........... 0 Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies ................. 0 Defense ...................................................................................... 0 Energy and Water Development ................................................. 0 Financial Services and General Government ............................. 0 Homeland Security ..................................................................... 0 Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies ............................ 0 TABLE 5.—SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE—EN-ACTED CHANGES IN MANDATORY SPENDING PROGRAMS (CHIMPS)—Continued 
[Budget authority, millions of dollars] 2019 
Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and Related Agencies ................................................................................ 0 Legislative Branch ..................................................................... 0 Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agen-cies ........................................................................................ 0 State Foreign Operations, and Related Programs ..................... 0 Transportation and Housing and Urban Development, and Re-lated Agencies ....................................................................... 0 
Current Level Total .................................................. 0 Total CHIMPS Above (+) or Below ( ¥) Budget Resolu- tion ............................................................................... ¥15,000 
TABLE 6.—SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE—EN-ACTED CHANGES IN MANDATORY SPENDING PROGRAM (CHIMP) TO THE CRIME VICTIMS FUND 
[Budget authority, millions of dollars] 2018 
Crime Victims Fund (CVF) CHIMP Limit for Fiscal Year 2018 11,224 Senate Appropriations Subcommittees Agriculture, Rural Development, and Related Agencies ........... 0 Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies ................. 10,228 Defense ...................................................................................... 0 Energy and Water Development ................................................. 0 Financial Services and General Government ............................. 0 Homeland Security ..................................................................... 0 Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies ............................ 0 Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and Related Agencies ................................................................................ 0 Legislative Branch ..................................................................... 0 Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agen-cies ........................................................................................ 0 State Foreign Operations, and Related Programs ..................... 0 Transportation and Housing and Urban Development, and Re-lated Agencies ....................................................................... 0 TABLE 6.—SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE—EN-ACTED CHANGES IN MANDATORY SPENDING PROGRAM (CHIMP) TO THE CRIME VICTIMS FUND—Continued 
[Budget authority, millions of dollars] 2018 
Current Level Total .................................................. 10,228 Total CVF CHIMP Above (+) or Below ( ¥) Budget Reso- lution ............................................................................ ¥996 
U.S. C ONGRESS , C
ONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE , Washington, DC, July 18, 2018. Hon. M
IKEENZI, Chairman, Committee on the Budget, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : The enclosed report shows the effects of Congressional action on the fiscal year 2018 budget and is current through July 16, 2018. This report is sub-mitted under section 308(b) and in aid of sec-tion 311 of the Congressional Budget Act, as amended. The estimates of budget authority, out-lays, and revenues are consistent with the technical and economic assumptions of H. Con. Res. 71, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2018. Since our last letter dated June 6, 2018, the Congress has not cleared any legislation for the President’s signature that affects budget authority, outlays, or revenues in fiscal year 2018. Sincerely, M
ARKP. H ADLEY  (For Keith Hall, Director). Enclosure. 
TABLE 1.—SENATE CURRENT LEVEL REPORT FOR SPENDING AND REVENUES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018, AS OF JULY 16, 2018 
[In billions of dollars] Budget Resolution Current Level Current Level Over/Under (¥) Resolution 
On-Budget Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 3,399.8 3,557.2 157.4 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................. 3,221.3 3,327.6 106.3 Revenues ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............... 2,497.1 2,500.3 3.2 Off-Budget Social Security Outlays
a............................................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 849.6 849.6 0.0 Social Security Revenues ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...... 873.3 872.9 ¥0.4 
Source: Congressional Budget Office. 
aExcludes administrative expenses paid from the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability In surance Trust Fund of the Social Security Administration, which are off-budget, but are appropriated an- nually. 
TABLE 2.—SUPPORTING DETAIL FOR THE SENATE CURRENT LEVEL REPORT FOR ON-BUDGET SPENDING AND REVENUES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018, AS OF JULY 16, 2018 
[In millions of dollars] Budget Authority Outlays Revenues 
Previously Enactedab Revenues ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... n.a. n.a. 2,658,139 Permanents and other spending legislation ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..... 2,105,225 2,003,386 n.a. Appropriation legislation ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................... 0 513,307 n.a. Offsetting receipts ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .......................¥866,685 ¥866,685 n.a. 
Total, Previously Enacted ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 1,238,540 1,650,008 2,658,139 Enacted Legislation Authorizing Legislation National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (P.L. 115–91) .......................................................... ........................................................................................................... ¥33 ¥24 0 CHIP and Public Health Funding Extension Act (P.L. 115–96, Division C) ......................................................... ........................................................................................................ 705 205 0 An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 . . . and for other purposes (P.L. 115–96, Division D) ......................... ............................................................................... 2,100 1,050 0 An act to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018  (P.L. 115–97) .................................................... ¥8,600 ¥8,600 ¥143,800 An act making further continuing appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes (P.L. 115 –120, Divisions C and D) .......................... 14,509 1,203 ¥1,263 Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 (P.L. 115–123, Divisions A and C–G)
bcd ............................................................................................................................... ................................ 7,504 4,050 ¥12,424 Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2018, Divisions M–V (P.L. 115–141)
e............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 225 203 ¥348 VA MISSION Act of 2018 (P.L. 115–182) .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ 5,2 00 800 0 
Total, Authorizing Legislation ................................................................................................. .............................................................................................................................. 2 1,610 ¥1,113 ¥157,835 Appropriation Legislation Department of Defense Missile Defeat and Defense Enhancements Appropriations Act, 2018 (P.L. 115–96, Division B) ............... ................................................................................. 4,686 803 0 Further Additional Supplemental Appropriations for Disaster Relief Requirements Act, 2018 (P.L. 115–123, Division B, Subdivisio n I) ......................................................................... 84,436 11,185 0 Further Extension of Continuing Appropriations Act, 2018, (P.L. 115–123, Division B, Subdivision 3) ............................ .................................................................................................. ¥315 ¥315 0 Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2018, Divisions A–L (P.L. 115–141 )
efg ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... 2,259,985 1,663,110 0 
Total, Appropriation Legislation ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....... 2,348,792 1,674,783 0 Total, Enacted Legislation ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 2,370,402 1,673,670 ¥157,835 Entitlements and Mandatories Budget resolution estimates of appropriated entitlements and other mandatory programs .......................................... ..................................................................................................... ¥51,440 4,205 0 Total Current Level
bh............................................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................... 3,557,239 3 ,327,620 2,500,304 Total Senate Resolution
i............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................ 3,399,841 3,221 ,349 2,497,139 
Current Level Over Senate Resolution ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . 157,398 106,271 3,165 Current Level Under Senate Resolution .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... n.a. n.a. n.a. 
Source: Congressional Budget Office. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:06 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JY6.040 S18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5062 July 18, 2018 
Notes: n.a. = not applicable; P.L. = Public Law. 
aIncludes the budgetary effects of the following acts that affect budget authority, outlays, or revenues and were cleared by the  Congress during the 1st session of the 115th Congress, but before the adoption of H. Con Res. 71, the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018: the VA Choice and Quality Employment Act of 2017 (P.L. 115–46); the H arry W. Colmery Veterans Educational Assistance Act of 2017 (P.L. 115–48); a joint resolution compact relat- ing to the establishment of the Washington Metrorail Safety Commission (P.L. 115–54); the Continuing Appropriations Act, 2018 a nd Supplemental Appropriations for Disaster Relief Requirements Act, 2017 (P.L. 115–56); the Emergency Aid to American Survivors of Hurricanes Irma and Jose Overseas Act (P.L. 115–57); the Department of Veterans Affairs Expiring A uthorities Act of 2017 (P.L. 115–62); the Disaster Tax Relief and Airport and Airway Extension Act of 2017 (P.L. 115–63); the Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria Education Relief Act of 2017 (P.L. 115–64); and the Additional Supplement al Appropriations for Disaster Relief Requirements Act, 2017 (P.L. 115–72). 
bEmergency funding that was not designated as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2) (A) of the Deficit Control Act does not count for certain budgetary enforcement purposes. These amounts, which are not included in the current level totals, are as follows: Budget Authority Outlays Revenues 
Disaster Tax Relief and Airport and Airway Extension Act of 2017 (P.L. 115–63) ................................................. ...................................................................................................................... 263 263 0  Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 (P.L. 115–123) ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 2,217 1,469 ¥509 
Total .......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 2,480 1,732 ¥509 
cThe Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 (P.L. 115–123) contains seven divisions: Division A, Subdivision 2 of Division B, and Divisio ns C–F contain authorizing legislation, of which the budgetary effects of Subdivision 2 of Division B were designated as being for emergency requirements. Subdivisions 1 and 3 of Division B contain appropriation legislation: Subdivisi on 1 provided supplemental appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for disaster relief and designated those amounts as being for emergency requirements, and section 158 of Subdivision 3 provided authority for the duration of fiscal yea r 2018, for the Secretary of Energy to draw down and sell crude oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve. Di- vision G of P.L. 115–123 provided for the budgetary treatment of Divisions A–F. 
dPursuant to section 232(b) of H. C. Res. 290 (106th Congress), the Concurrent Budget Resolution for Fiscal Year 2001, the budge tary effects related to the Federal Reserve’s surplus funds are excluded. As a result, the amounts shown do not include estimated increases in revenues of $2,450 million in fiscal year 2018, $2,180 million over the 2018–2022 period,  and $1,750 million over the 2018–2027 period. 
eSections 540–543 of the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2017 (Division F of P.L. 115–31), extended several immigration programs through the end of fiscal year 2017. Several continuing resolutions continued those authorities through March 23, 2018, and sections 202–205 of title II of Division M of P.L. 115–141 further extended those  programs through 2018. CBO estimates that extending those authorities for the entirety of fiscal year 2018 will increase on-budget direct spending by $5 million in fiscal year 2018, $27 million over the 2018–2022 period, and $53 milli on over the 2018–2027 period. In addition, CBO estimates that extending those authorities will decrease off- budget direct spending by $1 million over the 2018–2022 period and by $7 million over the 2022–2027 period. Further, CBO estima tes that continuing those authorities will increase revenues by $2 million over the 2018–2022 period and by $7 million over the 2018–2027 period. Consistent with the budgetary treatment of Divisions K–V of P.L. 115–141, the budgetar y effects of extending the immigration programs through March 23, 2018, are charged to the Appropriations Committee; the effects of extending the programs for the remainder of fiscal year 2018 are charged to the relevant authorizing committees. 
fPursuant to sections 1001–1004 of the 21st Century Cures Act (P.L. 114–255), certain funding provided to the Department of Heal th and Human Services (HHS)—in particular the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the National Institutes of Health (NIH) in 2017 through 2026 shall not count for the purposes of complying with provisions of the Deficit Co ntrol Act or the Congressional Budget and Impoundment Control Act of 1974. As a result, the amounts shown do not include $1,056 million in budget authority or $770 million in associated outlays in fiscal year 2018, specifically, $60 million in budget authority and $22 million in outlays for the FDA; and $996 million in budget authority and $748 million in outlays for HHS, which includes $500 million in budget authority for state responses to the opioid abuse crisis  and $496 million for NIH. 
gSection 255 of the Departments of Labor, Health, and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 20 18 (Division H of P.L. 115–141), delayed implementation of the recommendations of the United States Preventive Services Task Force with respect to breast cancer screening, mammography, and prevention. CBO estimates that the del ay will increase direct spending (budget authority and outlays) by $14 million in fiscal year 2019 and by $6 million in fiscal year 2020. In addition, CBO estimates that section 225 will decrease revenues by $23 million in fiscal yea r 2019 (of which $6 million will be off-budget) and will decrease revenues by $9 million in fiscal year 2020 (of which $2 million will be off-budget). 
hFor purposes of enforcing section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act in the Senate, the resolution, as approved by the Senate,  does not include budget authority, outlays, or revenues for off-budget amounts. As a result, current level does not include these items. 
iPeriodically, the Senate Committee on the Budget revises the budgetary levels in H. Con. Res. 71, pursuant to various provision s of the resolution. The total for the Initial Senate Resolution shown below excludes $47,660 million in budget authority, $22,467 million in outlays, and $150,003 million in revenues assumed in H. Con. Res. 71 for discretionary spe nding not constrained by the budgetary caps established by the Budget Control Act of 2011 (P.L. 112–25) and subsequently amended, including spending that qualifies for adjustments pursuant to section 4205 of H. Con. Res. 71. Budget Authority Outlays Revenues 
Initial Senate Resolution ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 3,089,061 3,109,221 2,640,939 Revisions: Pursuant to section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and section 3003 of H. Con. Res. 71 ............................ .................................................................................. ¥8,600 ¥8,600 ¥143,800 Pursuant to sections 311 and 314(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 .................................................... .................................................................................................. 4,686 803 0 Pursuant to sections 311 and 314(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 .................................................... .................................................................................................. 84,436 11,185 0 Pursuant to section 311 and 314(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and section 4108 of H. Con. Res. 71 ................. .......................................................................... 230,553 108,997 0 Pursuant to sections 311 and 3I4(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 .................................................... ................................................................................................... ¥295 ¥257 0 
Revised Senate Resolution ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 3,399,841 3,221,349 2,497,139 
U.S. C ONGRESS , C
ONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE , Washington, DC, July 18, 2018. Hon. M
IKEENZI, Chairman, Committee on the Budget, U.S. Sen-ate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : The enclosed report shows the effects of Congressional action on the fiscal year 2019 budget and is current through July 16, 2018. This report is sub-mitted under section 308(b) and in aid of sec-tion 311 of the Congressional Budget Act, as amended. The estimates of budget authority, out-lays, and revenues are consistent with the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels printed in the Congressional Record on May 7, 2018, pursuant to section 30103 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 (Public Law 115–123). Since our last letter dated June 6, 2018, the Congress has cleared the American Innova-tion $1 Coin Act (H.R. 770), which awaits the President’s signature. That act has signifi-cant effects on budget authority and outlays in fiscal year 2019. Sincerely, M
ARKP. H ADLEY  (For Keith Hall, Director). Enclosure. 
TABLE 1.—SENATE CURRENT LEVEL REPORT FOR SPENDING AND REVENUES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019, AS OF JULY 16, 2018 
[In billions of dollars] Budget Resolution Current Level Current Leven Over/Under (¥) Resolution 
On-Budget Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 3,547.1 2,404.9 ¥1,142.2 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................. 3,508.1 2,861.9 ¥646.1 Revenues ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............... 2,590.5 2,590.5 0.0 Off-Budget Social Security Outlays
a............................................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 908.8 908.8 0.0 Social Security Revenues ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...... 899.2 899.2 0.0 
Source: Congressional Budget Office. 
aExcludes administrative expenses paid from the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability In surance Trust Fund of the Social Security Administration, which are off-budget, but are appropriated an- nually. 
TABLE 2.—SUPPORTING DETAIL FOR THE SENATE CURRENT LEVEL REPORT FOR ON-BUDGET SPENDING AND REVENUES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019, AS OF JULY 16, 2018 
[In millions of dollars] Budget Authority Outlays Revenues 
Previously Enacted Revenues ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... n.a. n.a. 2,590,496 Permanents and other spending legislation ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..... 2,337,789 2,232,677 n.a. Appropriation legislation ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................... 0 573,950 n.a. Offsetting receipts ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .......................¥890,012 ¥890,015 n.a. 
Total, Previously Enacted ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 1,447,777 1,916,612 2,590,496 Enacted Legislation 18 17 ¥5 Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protections Act (P.L. 115–174)
a............................................................................................................................... ........................ 18 17 ¥5 VA MISSION Act of 2018 (P.L. 115–182) .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...... 0 4,400 0 
Total, Enacted Legislation ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......... 18 4,417 ¥5 Legislation Cleared Congress and Pending Signature American Innovation $1 Coin Act (H.R. 770) ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..... 3 3 0 Entitlements and Mandatories Budget resolution estimates of appropriated entitlements and other mandatory programs .......................................... ..................................................................................................... 957,064 940,899 0 Total Current Level
b............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . 2,404,862 2,861,931 2,590,491 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:06 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JY6.044 S18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5063 July 18, 2018 
TABLE 2.—SUPPORTING DETAIL FOR THE SENATE CURRENT LEVEL REPORT FOR ON-BUDGET SPENDING AND REVENUES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019, AS OF JULY 16, 2018—Continued 
[In millions of dollars] Budget Authority Outlays Revenues 
Total Senate Resolution ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................... 3,547,094 3,508,052 2,590,496 
Current Level Over Senate Resolution ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . n.a. n.a. n.a. Current Level Under Senate Resolution .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 1,142,232 646,121 5 Memorandum Revenues, 2019–2028 Senate Current Level ........................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................... n.a. n.a. 33,273,105 Senate Resolution .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...................... n.a. n.a. 33,273,213 
Current Level Over Senate Resolution ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . n.a. n.a. n.a. Current Level Under Senate Resolution .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... n.a. n.a. 108 
Source: Congressional Budget Office. Notes: n.a. = not applicable; P.L. = Public Law. 
aPursuant to section 232(b) of H.C. Res. 290 (106th Congress), the Concurrent Budget Resolution for Fiscal Year 2001, the budget ary effects related to the Federal Reserve’s surplus funds are excluded. As a result, the amounts shown do not include estimated increases in revenues of $655 million in fiscal year 2019, $570 million over the 2019–2023 period, and  $454 million over the 2019–2028 period. 
bFor purposes of enforcing section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act in the Senate, the resolution, as approved by the Senate,  does not include budget authority, outlays, or revenues for off-budget amounts. As a result, current level does not include these items. 
TABLE 3.—SUMMARY OF THE SENATE PAY-AS-YOU-GO SCORECARD FOR THE 115TH CONGRESS, AS OF JULY 16, 2018 
[In millions of dollars] 2018 2019 2018–2023 2018–2028 
Beginning Balancea............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ... 0 0 0 0 Enacted Legislation:
b, c A joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitte d by Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection relating to ‘‘Incident Auto Lending and Compliance with the Equal Credit Opportunity Act’’................................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................ * * * * (S.J. Res. 57, P.L. 115–172).Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protections Act (S. 2155, P.L. 115–174)
d............................................................................................................................... .. * 22 329 490 Trickett Wendler, Frank Mongiello, Jordan McLinn, and Matthew Bellina Right to Try Act of 2017 (S. 204, P.L. 115–176) .......... ............................................................................ * * * * An Act to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to furnish assistance for adaptati ons of residences of veterans in rehabilitation programs under chapter 31 of such title, and for other purposes (H.R. 3562, P.L. 115–177) ...................................... ......................................................................................... * * * * VA MISSION Act of 2018 (S. 2372, P.L. 115–182)
e............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................ * * * * Whistleblower Protection Coordination Act (S. 1869, P.L. 115–192) .............................................................. ............................................................................................................... * * * * All Circuit Review Act (H.R. 2229, P.L. 115–195) ............................................................................... ........................................................................................................................... * * * * American Innovation $1 Coin Act (H.R. 770) ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................. 0 3 3 0 Small Business 7(a) Lending Oversight Reform Act of 2018 (H.R. 4743, P.L. 115–189) ............................................. ............................................................................................... * * * * Northern Mariana Islands U.S. Workforce Act of 2018 (H.R. 5956) ................................................................ ............................................................................................................... 0 0 0 ¥3 
Current Balance ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................... * 25 332 487 Changes to Revenues ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........... * ¥5 ¥47 ¥108 Changes to Outlays ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............. * 20 285 379 
Source: Congressional Budget Office. Notes: P.L. = Public Law, * = between ¥$500,000 and $500,000. 
aOn May 7, 2018, the Chairman of the Senate Committee on the Budget reset the Senate’s Pay-As-You-Go Scorecard to zero for all f iscal years. 
bThe amounts shown represent the estimated effect of the public laws on the deficit. 
cExcludes off-budget amounts. 
dPursuant to section 232(b) of H.C. Res. 290 (106th Congress), the Concurrent Budget Resolution for Fiscal Year 2001, the budget ary effects related to the Federal Reserve’s surplus funds are excluded. As a result, the amounts shown do not include estimated increases in revenues of $655 million in fiscal year 2019, $570 million over the 2019–2023 period, and  $454 million over the 2019–2028 period. 
eThe budgetary effects of this Act are excluded from the Senate’s PAYGO scorecard, pursuant to section 512 of the Act. 
ENFORCEMENT REPORT OF POINTS OF ORDER RAISED SINCE THE FY 2019 ENFORCEMENT FILING 
Vote Date Measure Violation Motion to Waive Result 
127 June 18, 2018 ............................ H.R. 5515—John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. 4106(a)-Senate-Pay-As-You-Go Violation1........... Sen. McConnell (R-KY)2............. 81–14, waived 
1Senator Sanders raised a section 4106(a) of H. Con. Res. 71 (115th Congress) point of order against the bill because the bill w ould increase the on-budget deficit. 
2By unanimous consent the Senate proceeded to a roll call vote to waive the point of order. 
IMMIGRATION AND CUSTOMS ENFORCEMENT Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I rise today because, like many Americans, I am deeply troubled by the Democrats’ reckless calls to abolish ICE, the Immi-gration and Customs Enforcement agency. That is why I am introducing a resolution to condemn calls for the abolishment of ICE and express support for all officers and personnel who carry out ICE’s important mission of pro-tecting American borders. With the ever present threat of international terrorism in the post–9/11 era, abol-ishing ICE is unthinkable. As our coun-try battles threats from abroad, a his-toric opioid crisis, and increasing rates of violence against law enforcement of-ficers, we must show our support for the mission of ICE. That is what this resolution does: It says that we see all of you at ICE and your commitment and that the Senate supports you. ICE’s mission is simple: to protect Americans from the cross-border crime and illegal immigration that threaten our communities. The criminal traf-ficking of persons and goods across our borders is among the greatest threats to public safety in this country. When ICE agents take to the streets, they are looking to protect our most vulner-able from being exploited by cartels and international gangs like MS–13. This violent gang has taken hold in at least 42 States, including Louisiana. Just last year, ICE agents removed a million pounds of narcotics and more than 4,800 gang members from the streets of this country. They arrested nearly 800 members of the notoriously violent MS–13 gangs, like Juan Blanco, who was arrested after assaulting someone with a machete in Baton Rouge. Those numbers are just a small fraction of the nearly 127,000 arrests made by ICE agents against people who came here and committed violent crimes against law-abiding Americans. Those criminals were responsible for more than 50,000 assaults, 2,000 kidnappings, and 1,800 homicides. However, in 2017, assaults on law en-forcement officers also rose dramati-cally. This wasn’t limited to police of-ficers; assaults on ICE agents nearly tripled last year. Now, I am shocked to hear that some of my colleagues are calling for this important Federal agency to be abolished. In fact, I learned today that some Democrats in the House of Representatives plan to introduce legislation that would abol-ish ICE and expose its agents to the scrutiny of international courts. This open contempt for ICE is astonishing, and it belittles the courage of those who work for this Agency and engage in the legitimate defense of our bor-ders. The Immigration and Customs En-forcement Agency performs vital func-tions that are necessary to any govern-ment, like securing its borders. Last year, agents worked tirelessly around the clock to rescue 1,422 victims of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JY6.045 S18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5064 July 18, 2018 
human trafficking. More than 900 of those victims were children. Abol-ishing ICE would mean that these peo-ple, these precious lives, would still be in grave peril. If we were to heed these extremist calls to abolish ICE, thou-sands of pounds of heroin, cocaine, and fentanyl would be in our schools and on the streets of our neighborhoods. We cannot ignore the role that ICE agents play in combatting terrorism, sex traf-ficking, child pornography, gang activ-ity, labor exploitation, and the opioid crisis. I want to make sure that our agents understand that the American people have their back. My resolution will honor the mission of the Immigration and Customs Enforcement Agency and commend the bravery of these men and women who put their lives on the line every day to dismantle violent and dangerous gangs. I thank all my Re-publican colleagues who are joining with me on this crucial piece of legisla-tion. Although much of their work is thankless and goes sight unseen, I am grateful to the thousands of ICE agents who work around the clocks to keep our streets safe. Without them and their tireless service, I can only imag-ine what our headlines would look like, and I am ashamed of my colleagues on the radical left who are calling for the elimination of this vital agency. I know I speak for more than just myself when I say, simply, don’t abolish ICE. 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Cuccia, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED In executive session the Presiding Of-ficer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE At 11:57 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bill, with amendments, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
S. 488. An act to increase the threshold for disclosures required by the Securities and Exchange Commission relating to compen-satory benefit plans, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the House has passed the following bill, with an amendment, in which it re-quests the concurrence of the Senate: 
S. 717. An act to promote pro bono legal services as a critical way in which to em-power survivors of domestic violence. The message further announced the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 3030. An act to help prevent acts of genocide and other atrocity crimes, which threaten national and international secu-rity, by enhancing United States Govern-ment capacities to prevent, mitigate, and re-spond to such crises. H.R. 3777. An act to direct the Secretary of Agriculture to convey certain National For-est System land containing the Nephi Work Center in Juab County, Utah, to Juab Coun-ty. H.R. 4032. An act to confirm undocumented Federal rights-of-way or easements on the Gila River Indian Reservation, clarify the northern boundary of the Gila River Indian Community’s Reservation, to take certain land located in Maricopa County and Pinal County, Arizona, into trust for the benefit of the Gila River Indian Community, and for other purposes. H.R. 4645. An act to amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to designate certain seg-ments of East Rosebud Creek in Carbon County, Montana, as components of the Wild and Scenic Rivers System. H.R. 4819. An act to promote inclusive eco-nomic growth through conservation and bio-diversity programs that facilitate trans-boundary cooperation, improve natural re-source management, and build local capacity to protect and preserve threatened wildlife species in the greater Okavango River Basin of southern Africa. H.R. 4989. An act to require the Depart-ment of State to establish a policy regarding the use of location-tracking consumer de-vices by employees at diplomatic and con-sular facilities, and for other purposes. H.R. 5105. An act to establish the United States International Development Finance Corporation, and for other purposes. H.R. 5480. An act to improve programs and activities relating to women’s entrepreneur-ship and economic empowerment that are carried out by the United States Agency for International Development, and for other purposes. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
At 12:40 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bills: 
S. 490. An act to reinstate and extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project involving the Gib-son Dam. S. 931. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4910 Brighton Boulevard in Denver, Colorado, as the ‘‘George Sakato Post Office’’. S. 2692. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4558 Broadway in New York, New York, as the ‘‘Stanley Michels Post Office Building’’. S. 2734. An act to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse lo-cated at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’. 
The enrolled bills were subsequently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
At 5:40 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House disagreed to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 2) to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes, and asks a con-ference with the Senate on the dis-agreeing votes of the two Houses there-on, and that the following Members be the managers of the conference on the part of the House: From the Committee on Agriculture, for consideration of the House bill and the Sen-ate amendment, and modifications com-mitted to conference: Messrs. C
ONAWAY , T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, G OODLATTE , L
UCAS , ROGERS of Alabama, A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, C
RAWFORD , Mrs. H ARTZLER , Messrs. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Y OHO, ROUZER , M
ARSHALL , A RRINGTON , P ETERSON , D AVID S
COTT of Georgia, C OSTA , WALZ, Ms. F UDGE , Messrs. M
CGOVERN , VELA, Mses. M ICHELLE  L
UJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, K USTER of New Hampshire, and Mr. O’H
ALLERAN . From the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for consideration of sections 4204, 4205, and 9131 of the House bill, and modifica-tions committed to conference: Ms. F
OXX, Mr. A
LLEN , and Ms. A DAMS . From the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, for consideration of subtitles A and B of title VI, sections 6202, 6203, 6401, 6406, 6407, 6409, 6603, 7301, 7605, 8106, 8507, 9119, 9121, and 11101 of the House bill, and sections 6116, 6117, 6202, 6206–09, 6301, 6303, 7412, 9102, 9104, 9106, 9111–13, 12408, 12627, and 12628 of the Sen-ate amendment, and modifications com-mitted to conference: Messrs. S
HIMKUS , C
RAMER , and T ONKO . From the Committee on Financial Serv-ices, for consideration of section 12609 of the Senate amendment, and modifications com-mitted to conference: Messrs. H
ENSARLING , D
UFFY , and Ms. M AXINE WATERS of Cali- fornia. From the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for consideration of title III of the House bill, and modifications committed to con-ference: Messrs. R
OYCE of California, C HABOT , and E
NGEL . From the Committee on Natural Re-sources, for consideration of sections 2802, 6408, 8104, 8107, 8109, subtitles B and C of title VIII, 8402, 8502, 8503, 8506, 8507, 8509, 8510, 9111, 11614, and 11615 of the House bill, and section 2425, subtitle D of title VIII, sections 8601, 8611, 8621–28, 8631, 8632, 12515, 12601, and 12602 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Messrs. B
ISHOP of Utah, W
ESTERMAN , and G RIJALVA . From the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for consideration of sections 1601, 4022, 4026, 8502, and 11609 of the House bill, and sections 3113, 7128, 8623, 8630, 8632, 12301, and 12407 of the Senate amend-ment, and modifications committed to con-ference: Messrs. W
ALKER , COMER , and Ms. P
LASKETT . From the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for consideration of section 7509 of the House bill, and section 7409 of the Senate amendment, and modifications com-mitted to conference: Messrs. A
BRAHAM , D
UNN, and Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. From the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for consideration of sec-tions 2404, 6223, 6224, 6503, 9117, and 9118 of the House bill, and sections 2415, 2416, 6124, 6304, and 7412 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Messrs. D
ENHAM , GIBBS, and Mrs. B USTOS . f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JY6.034 S18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5065 July 18, 2018 
H.R. 3777. An act to direct the Secretary of Agriculture to convey certain National For-est System land containing the Nephi Work Center in Juab County, Utah, to Juab Coun-ty; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. H.R. 4032. An act to confirm undocumented Federal rights-of-way or easements on the Gila River Indian Reservation, clarify the northern boundary of the Gila River Indian Community’s Reservation, to take certain land located in Maricopa County and Pinal County, Arizona, into trust for the benefit of the Gila River Indian Community, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. H.R. 4819. An act to promote inclusive eco-nomic growth through conservation and bio-diversity programs that facilitate trans-boundary cooperation, improve natural re-source management, and build local capacity to protect and preserve threatened wildlife species in the greater Okavango River Basin of southern Africa; to the Committee on For-eign Relations. H.R. 4989. An act to require the Depart-ment of State to establish a policy regarding the use of location-tracking consumer de-vices by employees at diplomatic and con-sular facilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. H.R. 5480. An act to improve programs and activities relating to women’s entrepreneur-ship and economic empowerment that are carried out by the United States Agency for International Development, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR The following bills were read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and placed on the calendar: 
H.R. 3030. An act to help prevent acts of genocide and other atrocity crimes, which threaten national and international secu-rity, by enhancing United States Govern-ment capacities to prevent, mitigate, and re-spond to such crises. H.R. 5105. An act to establish the United States International Development Finance Corporation, and for other purposes. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–5966. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Management and Budget, Exec-utive Office of the President, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Mid-Ses-sion Review of the Budget of the U.S. Gov-ernment for Fiscal Year 2019’’; to the Com-mittees on Appropriations; and the Budget. EC–5967. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of General Darren W. McDrew, United States Air Force, and his advancement to the grade of general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–5968. A communication from the Chair of the Board of Governors, Federal Reserve System, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Board’s semiannual Monetary Policy Report to Congress; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–5969. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Virginia; Interstate Transport Requirements for the 2012 Fine Particulate Matter Standard’’ (FRL No. 9980–68–Region 3) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 13, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–5970. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘National Priorities List: Partial De-letion of the Beloit Corporation Superfund Site’’ (FRL No. 9980–64–Region 5) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on July 13, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5971. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘National Oil and Hazardous Sub-stances Pollution Contingency Plan; Na-tional Priorities List: Partial Deletion of the Naval Industrial Reserve Ordnance Plant Superfund Site’’ (FRL No. 9980–71–Region 5) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 13, 2018; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–5972. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Maryland; Emissions Statement Requirement for the 2008 Ozone Standard’’ (FRL No. 9980–70–Re-gion 3) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 13, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5973. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Michigan; Revi-sions to Part 9 Miscellaneous Rules’’ (FRL No. 9980–94–Region 5) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 13, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5974. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Minnesota; Flint Hills Sulfur Dioxide (SO2) Revision’’ (FRL No. 9980–96–Region 5) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 13, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5975. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Ohio; Ohio NSR PM2.5 Precursors’’ (FRL No. 9980–92–Region 5) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 13, 2018; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–5976. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Approval Plan; Tennessee; Revi-sions to Stage I and II Vapor Recovery Re-quirements’’ (FRL No. 9980–81–Region 4) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 13, 2018; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–5977. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Kentucky; 2008 Ozone NAAQS Interstate Transport SIP Re-quirements’’ (FRL No. 9980–57–Region 4) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 13, 2018; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–5978. A communication from the In-spector General, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Setting Medicare Payment Rates for Clinical Diagnostic Lab-oratory Tests’’; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–5979. A communication from the In-spector General, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘The MEDIC Produced Some Positive Results but More Could be Done to Enhance its Effectiveness’’; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5980. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–396, ‘‘Helicopter Landing Pad Amendment Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–5981. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–398, ‘‘Student Fair Access to School Amendment Act of 2018’’; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–5982. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Personnel Management, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the Semiannual Report of the Inspector General and the Management Response for the period from October 1, 2017 through March 31, 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–5983. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Personnel Management, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Employees Health Benefits Program and Federal Employees Dental and Vision Insurance Program: Expiration of Coverage of Children of Same-Sex Domestic Partners; Federal Flexible Benefits Plan: Pre-Tax Payment of Health Benefits Pre-miums: Conforming Amendments’’ (RIN3206– AN34) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 13, 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–5984. A communication from the Assist-ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Debt Collection Recovery Activities of the Department of Justice for Civil Debts Re-ferred for Collection Annual Report’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–5985. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator of the Office of Diversion Control, Drug Enforcement Ad-ministration, Department of Justice, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Schedules of Controlled Sub-stances: Temporary Placement of NM2201, 5F–AB–PINACA, 4–CN–CUMYL–BUTINACA, MMB–CHMICA and 5F–CUMYL–P7AICA Into Schedule I’’ ((21 CFR Part 1308) (Docket No. DEA–479)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 16, 2018; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–5986. A communication from the Assist-ant Administrator of the Office of Diversion Control, Drug Enforcement Administration, Department of Justice, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JY6.011 S18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5066 July 18, 2018 
‘‘Controlled Substances Quotas’’ ((RIN1117– AB48) (Docket No. DEA–480)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 16, 2018; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–5987. A communication from the Execu-tive Analyst (Political), Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy in the position of Commissioner of the Administration for Native Americans, De-partment of Health and Human Services, re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 13, 2018; to the Committee on Indian Af-fairs. EC–5988. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Contract and Grant Policy Divi-sion, Office of Procurement, National Aero-nautics and Space Administration, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘NASA Federal Acquisition Regula-tion Supplement; Revised Voucher and In-voice Submission and Payment Process’’ (RIN2700–AD83) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 11, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. BARRASSO (for himself, Mr. G
ARDNER , and Mr. D AINES ): S. 3229. A bill to enhance the security of the United States and its allies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. BENNET: S. 3230. A bill to impose a limitation on in-creases in duties on imports of steel and alu-minum from Canada, Mexico, and the Euro-pean Union, to improve congressional over-sight of tariffs imposed to protect national security, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Mr. YOUNG (for himself, Ms. C
ANT-
WELL , Mr. K ING, Mr. H ELLER , Mr. K
AINE, Mr. J ONES , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. R
UBIO, and Mr. C OONS ): S. 3231. A bill to establish the Task Force on the Impact of the Affordable Housing Cri-sis, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Ms. BALDWIN: S. 3232. A bill to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 and title 17, United States Code, to provide greater access to in-State television broadcast programming for cable and satellite subscribers in certain counties; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. N ELSON , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. K
AINE, Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. C OTTON , and Mr. C
ORNYN ): S. 3233. A bill to impose sanctions with re-spect to persons responsible for violence and human rights abuses in Nicaragua, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. KAINE: S. 3234. A bill to provide at-risk and discon-nected youth with subsidized summer and year-round employment and to assist local community partnerships in improving high school graduation and youth employment rates, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Ms. SMITH: S. 3235. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to establish a presumption of service-connection for certain veterans with tinnitus or hearing loss, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. By Mr. WARNER (for himself, Mr. KAINE, Ms. C OLLINS , Ms. H IRONO , and Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ): S. 3236. A bill to enhance the ability of Federal agencies to deliver relocation man-agement services to the Federal Govern-ment, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. By Mr. PERDUE (for himself and Mr. I
SAKSON ): S. 3237. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 120 12th Street Lobby in Columbus, Georgia, as the ‘‘Richard W. Williams Chapter of the Triple Nickles (555th P.I.A.) Post Office’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. SCHATZ (for himself and Mr. T
HUNE ): S. 3238. A bill to improve oversight by the Federal Communications Commission of the wireless and broadcast emergency alert sys-tems; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. SCOTT (for himself and Mr. B
OOKER ): S. 3239. A bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint commemorative coins in recognition of the 75th anniversary of the integration of baseball; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Mr. V
AN H
OLLEN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , and Ms. D
UCKWORTH ): S. 3240. A bill to promote botanical re-search and botanical sciences capacity, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. BLUNT (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON ): S. Res. 576. A resolution designating Sep-tember 4, 2018, as ‘‘National Polycystic Kid-ney Disease Awareness Day’’ , and raising awareness and understanding of polycystic kidney disease; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mr. TOOMEY (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. S CHUMER , and Mr. R
UBIO): S. Res. 577. A resolution strongly recom-mending that the United States renegotiate the return of the Iraqi Jewish Archive to Iraq; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ): S. Res. 578. A resolution honoring the men and women of the Drug Enforcement Admin-istration on the 45th anniversary of the agency; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. COONS (for himself, Mr. S
CHU-
MER, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. I
SAKSON , Mr. J ONES , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. K
AINE, Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. M
URPHY , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. R
EED, Mr. B ENNET , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Ms. W ARREN , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. D ONNELLY , and Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ): S. Res. 579. A resolution honoring the life, accomplishments, and legacy of Nelson Mandela on the centenary of his birth; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself and Mr. C
OONS ): S. Res. 580. A resolution recognizing and supporting public awareness of the impor-tance of trademarks and the goals and ideals of the National Trademark Exposition of the United States Patent and Trademark Office; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 339 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 339, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to repeal the requirement for reduction of survivor annuities under the Survivor Benefit Plan by veterans’ dependency and in-demnity compensation, and for other purposes. 
S. 428 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the names of the Senator from Mississippi (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH) and the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) were added as cosponsors of S. 428, a bill to amend ti-tles XIX and XXI of the Social Secu-rity Act to authorize States to provide coordinated care to children with com-plex medical conditions through en-hanced pediatric health homes, and for other purposes. 
S. 497 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 497, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for Medicare coverage of certain lymphedema compression treatment items as items of durable medical equipment. 
S. 539 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
UR-
BIN) was added as a cosponsor of S. 539, a bill to designate the area between the intersections of 16th Street, Northwest and Fuller Street, Northwest and 16th Street, Northwest and Euclid Street, Northwest in Washington, District of Columbia, as ‘‘Oswaldo Paya Way’’ . 
S. 885 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 885, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to include foster care transition youth as members of tar-geted groups for purposes of the work opportunity credit. 
S. 1503 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1503, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in recogni-tion of the 60th anniversary of the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame. 
S. 1917 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the names of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) and the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1917, a bill to reform sentencing laws and correctional institutions, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JY6.015 S18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5067 July 18, 2018 
S. 2101 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the names of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ), the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. H
ASSAN ), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) and the Sen-ator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2101, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the crew of the USS Indianapolis, in recognition of their perseverance, bravery, and serv-ice to the United States. 
S. 2127 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the names of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) and the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) were added as cospon-sors of S. 2127, a bill to award a Con-gressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the United States merchant mariners of World War II, in recognition of their dedicated and vital service during World War II. 
S. 2128 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2128, a bill to improve the co-ordination and use of geospatial data. 
S. 2174 
At the request of Mr. Y OUNG , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2174, a bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to conduct a study on the Veterans Crisis Line. 
S. 2265 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2265, a bill to promote democracy and the rule of law in Nicaragua, and for other purposes. 
S. 2276 
At the request of Mr. Y OUNG , the names of the Senator from North Da-kota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) and the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2276, a bill to require agencies to submit re-ports on outstanding recommendations in the annual budget justification sub-mitted to Congress. 
S. 2313 
At the request of Mr. V ANHOLLEN , the names of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ), the Senator from Colo-rado (Mr. G
ARDNER ), the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ), the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ), the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ), the Senator from Nebraska (Mr. S
ASSE), the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) and the Senator from Wash-ington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2313, a bill to deter for-eign interference in United States elec-tions, and for other purposes. 
S. 2577 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2577, a bill to reauthorize programs au-thorized under the Debbie Smith Act of 2004. S. 2600 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2600, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on indoor tanning services. 
S. 2620 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2620, a bill to establish a Federal cyber joint duty program for cyber employees of Federal agencies. 
S. 2667 
At the request of Mr. M CCONNELL , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2667, a bill to amend the Agricul-tural Marketing Act of 1946 to provide for State and Tribal regulation of hemp production, and for other purposes. 
S. 2823 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2823, a bill to modernize copyright law, and for other purposes. 
S. 2863 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2863, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint a coin in commemoration of the opening of the National Law Enforcement Mu-seum in the District of Columbia, and for other purposes. 
S. 3029 
At the request of Mr. B ENNET , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3029, a bill to revise and extend the Prematurity Research Ex-pansion and Education for Mothers who deliver Infants Early Act (PREEMIE Act). 
S. 3058 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3058, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to eliminate the re-quirement that the taxpayer’s basis in a building be reduced by the amount of the rehabilitation credit determined with respect to such building. 
S. 3166 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the names of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) and the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 3166, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the United States Army Rangers Veterans of World War II in recogni-tion of their extraordinary service dur-ing World War II. 
S. 3172 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3172, a bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to establish, fund, and provide for the use of amounts in a National Park Service Legacy Restoration Fund to address the maintenance backlog of the Na-tional Park Service, and for other pur-poses. S. 3198 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3198, a bill to require annual reports on allied contributions to the common de-fense, and for other purposes. 
S. 3207 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3207, a bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to allow for the deferment of certain student loans dur-ing a period in which a borrower is re-ceiving treatment for cancer. 
S. 3225 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) and the Senator from Penn-sylvania (Mr. C
ASEY ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 3225, a bill to ensure the humane treatment of pregnant women by reinstating the presumption of re-lease and prohibiting shackling, re-straining, and other inhumane treat-ment of pregnant detainees. 
S. 3227 
At the request of Ms. H ARRIS , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3227, a bill to reunite families sep-arated at or near ports of entry. 
S. RES. 572 
At the request of Mr. K ENNEDY , the names of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ) and the Senator from Nebraska (Mr. S
ASSE) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 572, a resolu-tion supporting the officers and per-sonnel who carry out the important mission of U.S. Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. BARRASSO (for himself, Mr. G
ARDNER , and Mr. D AINES ): S. 3229. A bill to enhance the security of the United States and its allies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, last week, President Trump was in Europe meeting with other NATO leaders. One of the major issues he raised was the need to bolster energy security throughout NATO. He specifically talked about a natural gas pipeline that the Russians are building between Russia and Germany. It is called the Nord Stream II Pipeline. I have been talking about this pipeline for years. President Trump was absolutely right to bring up this important sub-ject. Here is how the Boston Herald put it in an editorial over the weekend: ‘‘Trump’s testy, tough talk to NATO on point.’’ They say the President’s tough talk was absolutely on point. The President pointed out that Ger-many relies on natural gas for a sub-stantial amount of its energy needs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JY6.017 S18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5068 July 18, 2018 
More than half of Germany’s natural gas imports come from Russia. With this new pipeline, Germany will actu-ally increase its dependence on Russian gas. Russia will have more of an influ-ence on Germany. Germany and other countries are members of NATO, and the reason they are members of NATO is to protect themselves against Russian aggression. So if you are Germany, why would you want to become more dependent on Russia when you joined NATO and have been a member of NATO for years to protect against Russia aggression? It seems that Germany has turned around now and given Russia influence over its energy security. President Trump pointed out how strange it seems. I think it seems strange to other members of NATO, and it seems strange to people all across the country. No one who under-stands the facts can say that President Trump is wrong. President Trump is right. His tough talk to NATO was on point. Even the Obama administration knew it. The rest of NATO knows it. Even Germany knows it. When one country allows another aggressive, op-portunistic country like Russia to have that kind of influence over its energy security, I believe it is asking for trou-ble. Germany seems to be betting that increasing its economic ties to the Kremlin will have no effect on the po-litical manipulations that Russia wants to play on Europe. I think it is a sucker’s bet. Energy security is national security. Energy security is called the master resource for a reason. It powers our country. It powers our economy. It is an instrument of power. It is a force multiplier. It is important for the United States and our allies around the world to have that correct under-standing of energy and the impact that it has globally as a geopolitical weap-on. We have seen Russia in the past use its natural gas as a geopolitical weap-on. Russia threatens other countries. It extorts money from them. It bullies them. Russians then can tell their cus-tomers: Do what we say, or we turn off the tap and we shut off your gas. They have done it in the past. It also means a lot of money going from our NATO allies straight into the Kremlin’s pocket. That is money they could be using instead to fund aggres-sion in Europe and other parts of the world. That is what Russia wants to do with the money, if they get that money from Germany, from the energy. They use the money against us and against our NATO allies. This new pipeline, I believe, was all the desire of the Russian people—and specifically of Vladimir Putin—to put our NATO allies much more under Rus-sia’s control. With the new pipeline, Russia is seeking to make Germany and the rest of Europe even more de-pendent and even more susceptible to this kind of Russian coercion. The Wall Street Journal had an edi-torial on the subject last week. They wrote that ‘‘the embarrassment for Berlin and NATO is that Germany is so happy to help Vladimir Putin execute this plan.’’ That is the embarrassment for Berlin and the embarrassment for NATO. They said: ‘‘Usually hostages need to be taken, instead of volun-teering.’’ But that is what Germany is doing right now—volunteering to be Russia’s hostage. That is exactly right. Europe needs new energy, new energy security, and a new energy source. They need diversity. That is what the European Union needs. They need di-versity in both the types of energy— that is what our NATO allies need—di-versity in the types of energy that they use and where they get their energy from. That is how countries ensure that their own long-term economic health and independence is sound. Russia has a right to compete in the world market for energy. The trouble starts when Russia gets so much of the market in some of these European countries that they become a monop-oly in terms of the way they act. Rus-sia is the largest supplier of natural gas to Europe. Across Europe, nearly 40 percent of the natural gas imports come from Russia. So Russia has in-credible control. In some countries, it is virtually 100 percent. Countries like Germany should be re-ducing the amount of natural gas they buy from Russia, not increasing it, but that is what this Nord Stream II Pipe-line between Russia and Germany does. It increases the amount of natural gas Germany will be buying from Russia. Germany should absolutely reject the Nord Stream II Pipeline as part of their reduction of dependence on Rus-sia. That would help shrink the influ-ence and the threat Russia continually poses to our NATO allies. It would also help our other allies in the region be-cause, right now, a lot of Russian gas travels through pipelines that cross Ukraine and other countries into Cen-tral Europe. These countries make money from the gas crossing their ter-ritory, and they get a lot of their en-ergy through these pipelines as well. But remember, Russia has invaded parts of eastern Ukraine. Russia has taken over Crimea. If Russia has their other new pipeline to help export its natural gas, it can shut off the revenue for countries, such as Ukraine, and shut off their energy completely. Remember, one of the things Presi-dent Trump has done, which I think has been helpful and which I had been calling for for years during the Obama administration, is actually provide le-thal weapons to Ukraine to deal with the incursions coming from Russia to eastern Ukraine. Vladimir Putin actu-ally cut off natural gas supplies to Ukraine in 2006, 2009, and 2014. He in-vaded Ukraine and annexed Crimea in part to cut off access to the natural gas and oil resources. This is a pattern Vladimir Putin has of using energy as a weapon, and the best defense against this weapon is for these countries in Europe to have the kind of energy diversity and energy se-curity that I have recommended. In March, I wrote a letter to the Treasury and State Departments en-couraging the Trump administration to look at ways to stop the construction of the Nord Stream II Pipeline. That is what we need to do—stop the construc-tion of the pipeline. It was a bipartisan effort, and 39 Senators from both par-ties signed on to the letter to express our concerns to President Trump about what was happening between Russia and Germany. Today, I take the next concrete step and introduce legislation to do four very important things. First, the legislation directs our rep-resentatives in NATO to work to achieve energy security for our part-ners throughout Europe and Eurasia. Second, it calls for a comprehensive strategy that involves increasing American energy exports to these countries being held hostage by Russia. Third, it requires the Energy Sec-retary to speed up approvals of Amer-ican natural gas exports to our NATO allies and other countries. Finally, it authorizes mandatory U.S. sanctions on the development of Russian energy pipelines like Nord Stream II. It is in the national security inter-ests of our country to help our allies reduce their dependence on Russian en-ergy. Where those countries don’t see it for themselves, we need to show them how important it is for their own security. Our NATO alliance is strong. A robust energy security strategy will make it even stronger. When Vladimir Putin looks at nat-ural gas, he doesn’t think natural gas; he thinks politics, he thinks money, and he thinks power, because that is how he equates the energy he supplies to these countries, on which they have become so dependent—money, power, politics. Germany and other countries in Eu-rope and NATO should be doing all they can to diversify their sources of energy so they can help reduce the threat Russia poses to them. The United States should do all we can by exporting our abundant natural gas to our allies as quickly as possible. We have more than enough natural gas to meet our own needs and to export to our friends around the world. We can boost the security of our NATO allies and our friends around the world, and we should be doing it. We can do it through a peaceful process and a peace-ful means without spending tax dollars, while at the same time growing our American economy with the produc-tion of American energy. When President Trump came to of-fice, he said: It is no longer about en-ergy security or energy independence; it is about energy dominance. Given what we have been blessed with in this country and the amount of energy and resources we have, we have an oppor-tunity and, I believe, an obligation to use that energy wisely and produc-tively. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18JY6.027 S18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5069 July 18, 2018 
Vladimir Putin thinks about energy as money, as power, and as politics, and I think that what we need to do with the resources we have, as I am in-troducing in this legislation today, is a very commonsense approach. 
By Mr. KAINE: S. 3234. A bill to provide at-risk and disconnected youth with subsidized summer and year-round employment and to assist local community partner-ships in improving high school gradua-tion and youth employment rates, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions. Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, nearly 5 million young people ages 16 to 24, or 1 in 9 youth, are disconnected from both school and work. These disconnected youth often face significant barriers; they are three times more likely than other youth to have a disability, twice as likely to live below the federal pov-erty threshold, and significantly more likely to live in racially segregated neighborhoods. Disconnection can leave young people without the entry- level work experience and post-sec-ondary credentials they need to suc-ceed in the workforce and with signifi-cantly less lifetime earnings than the typical worker. Disconnection also imposes signifi-cant costs on affected young people, their communities, and the overall economy. According to Measure of America, in 2013, youth disconnection resulted in $26.8 billion in public ex-penditures, including spending on health care, public assistance, and in-carceration. Dedicated Federal funding to support summer and year-long employment for youth can help to mitigate and prevent disconnection, as well as help young people, their communities, and the economy to flourish and develop our future workforce. Twenty years ago, dedicated Federal funding supported an estimated 500,000 summer jobs for youth. However, when the Workforce Investment Act of 1998 (WIA) elimi-nated Federal stand-alone funding, par-ticipation in summer youth employ-ment programs dropped by 50 to 90 per-cent in most local areas. Through tar-geted resources and supports, including funding for summer and year-long em-ployment and comprehensive supports for youth, we can move closer as a country toward reconnecting the mil-lions of young people who have slipped through the cracks and prevent dis-connection from occurring in the first place. This is why I am pleased to introduce today The Opening Doors for Youth Act. The Opening Doors for Youth Act aims to assist the 5 million at-risk young people who are disconnected from both school and work find sum-mer or year-long jobs that help them to succeed in future careers. The bill provides, Federal funding so local com-munities can create partnerships with businesses, mentoring, financial lit-eracy planning, and other supportive services. Through the partnerships, workforce boards can use funds to cover up to 75 percent of wages for each eligible young person participating in the program. Young people play a critical role in our economy and communities and we must ensure that they have the re-sources and skills to find and maintain jobs that set them up for future suc-cess. With the right resources, city governments, local workforce boards, school districts, and employers can work together to help us close the em-ployment gap we’re seeing for at-risk young people. I hope that my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle con-sider The Opening Doors for Youth Act commonsense legislation that moves the needle forward on promoting access for all youth to meaningful employ-ment. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 576—DESIG-NATING SEPTEMBER 4, 2018, AS ‘‘NATIONAL POLYCYSTIC KIDNEY DISEASE AWARENESS DAY’’, AND RAISING AWARENESS AND UN-DERSTANDING OF POLYCYSTIC KIDNEY DISEASE Mr. BLUNT (for himself and Mr. N
EL-
SON) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 576 Whereas designating September 4, 2018, as ‘‘National Polycystic Kidney Disease Aware-ness Day’’ will raise public awareness and understanding of polycystic kidney disease, one of the most prevalent, life-threatening genetic kidney diseases; Whereas National Polycystic Kidney Dis-ease Awareness Day will help to foster an understanding of the impact polycystic kid-ney disease has on patients and their fami-lies; Whereas polycystic kidney disease is a pro-gressive, genetic disorder of the kidneys that causes damage to the kidneys and the car-diovascular, endocrine, hepatic, and gastro-intestinal organ systems; Whereas polycystic kidney disease has a devastating impact on the health and fi-nances of people of all ages, and equally af-fects people of all races, genders, nationali-ties, geographic locations, and income levels; Whereas, of the people diagnosed with polycystic kidney disease, approximately 10 percent have no family history of the dis-ease, with the disease developing as a spon-taneous (or new) mutation; Whereas there are very few treatments and still no cure for polycystic kidney disease, which is one of the 4 leading causes of kidney failure in the United States; Whereas 50 percent of patients with poly-cystic kidney disease suffer kidney failure at an average age of 53, causing a severe strain on dialysis and kidney transplantation re-sources and on the delivery of health care in the United States; Whereas polycystic kidney disease instills in patients fear of an unknown future with a life-threatening genetic disease and appre-hension over possible discrimination, includ-ing the risk of losing their health and life in-surance, their jobs, and their chances for promotion; Whereas countless friends, loved ones, spouses, and caregivers of patients with polycystic kidney disease must shoulder the physical, emotional, and financial burdens that polycystic kidney disease causes; Whereas the severity of the symptoms of polycystic kidney disease and the limited public awareness of the disease cause many patients to live in denial and forego regular visits to their physicians or avoid following good health management, which would help avoid more severe complications when kid-ney failure occurs; Whereas people who have chronic, life- threatening diseases like polycystic kidney disease have a predisposition to depression because of their anxiety over pain, suffering, and premature death; Whereas the PKD Foundation and its more than 50 volunteer chapters around the United States are dedicated to— (1) conducting research to find treatments and a cure for polycystic kidney disease; (2) fostering public awareness and under-standing of polycystic kidney disease; (3) educating patients and their families about the disease to improve their treatment and care; and (4) providing support, including by spon-soring the annual ‘‘Walk for PKD’’ to raise funds for polycystic kidney disease research, education, advocacy, and awareness; and Whereas the PKD Foundation is partnering on September 4, 2018, with sister organiza-tions in Canada, the Commonwealth of Aus-tralia, and other countries to increase inter-national awareness of polycystic kidney dis-ease: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates September 4, 2018, as ‘‘Na-tional Polycystic Kidney Disease Awareness Day’’; (2) supports the goals and ideals of Na-tional Polycystic Kidney Disease Awareness Day to raise public awareness and under-standing of polycystic kidney disease; (3) recognizes the need for additional re-search to find a cure for polycystic kidney disease; and (4) encourages all people in the United States and interested groups to support Na-tional Polycystic Kidney Awareness Day through appropriate ceremonies and activi-ties to promote public awareness of poly-cystic kidney disease, and to foster an under-standing of the impact of the disease on pa-tients and their families. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 577—STRONG-LY RECOMMENDING THAT THE UNITED STATES RENEGOTIATE THE RETURN OF THE IRAQI JEW-ISH ARCHIVE TO IRAQ Mr. TOOMEY (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. S CHUMER , and Mr. R
UBIO) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 577 Whereas, before the mid-20th century, Baghdad had been a center of Jewish life, culture, and scholarship, dating back to 721 B.C.; Whereas, as recently as 1940, Jews made up 25 percent of Baghdad’s population; Whereas, in the 1930s and 1940s, under the leadership of Rasheed Ali, anti-Jewish dis-crimination increased drastically, including the June 1–2, 1941, Farhud pogrom, in which nearly 180 Jews were killed; Whereas, in 1948, Zionism was added to the Iraqi criminal code as punishable by death; Whereas, throughout 1950–1953, Jews were allowed to leave Iraq under the condition that they renounce their citizenship; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18JY6.028 S18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5070 July 18, 2018 
Whereas, as result of past persecution, few Jews remain in Iraq today, and many left their possessions and treasured artifacts be-hind; Whereas the Ba’ath regime confiscated these artifacts, later dubbed the Iraqi Jewish Archive, from synagogues and communal or-ganizations; Whereas, on May 6, 2003, members of the United States Armed Forces discovered the Iraqi Jewish Archive, which included 2,700 books and tens of thousands of documents, in the heavily damaged and flooded basement of the Mukhabarat (secret police) head-quarters; Whereas, under great urgency and before adequate time could be dedicated to re-searching the history of the Iraqi Jewish Ar-chive, an agreement was signed between the National Archives and Records Administra-tion and the Coalition Provisional Authority on August 20, 2003, stating that the Iraqi Jewish Archive would be sent to the United States for restoration and then would be sent back to Iraq after completion; Whereas the Iraqi Jewish community is the constituency of the Archive and is now represented by the diaspora outside Iraq; Whereas the current Government of Iraq has publicly acknowledged the importance of the Archive and demonstrated a shared re-spect for the wishes of the Iraqi Jewish dias-pora by attending the December 2013 burial of several Torah fragments from the Archive in New York; Whereas United States taxpayers invested $3,000,000 to restore the Iraqi Jewish Archive, and the National Archives and Records Ad-ministration has worked diligently to pre-serve the artifacts; Whereas the National Archives and Records Administration has, from 2013 to 2018, displayed the Iraqi Jewish Archive in— (1) Washington, DC; (2) New York, New York; (3) Kansas City, Missouri; (4) Yorba Linda, California; (5) Miami Beach, Florida; (6) Dallas, Texas; (7) Atlanta, Georgia; and (8) Baltimore, Maryland; Whereas the exhibition of the Iraqi Jewish Archive across the United States and its cataloguing online has enabled people throughout the world and especially the Iraqi Jewish community diaspora to dis-cover, learn about, and reflect upon the rich history of the Jewish community in Iraq; Whereas, in February 2014, the United States Senate unanimously passed a resolu-tion calling on the Administration to extend the agreement to keep temporarily the Iraqi Jewish Archives in the United States; Whereas the Administration reached an agreement with the Government of Iraq to keep the Archive in the United States until September 2018; and Whereas the Iraqi Embassy to the United States has said that the Iraqi Jewish com-munity, like other communities in Iraq, played a key role in building the country, shared in its prosperity, and also suffered exile and forced departure because of tyr-anny: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) strongly urges the Department of State to renegotiate with the Government of Iraq the provisions of the current agreement that establish the date by which the artifacts of Iraqi Jewish Archive are meant to return to Iraq in order to ensure that they are kept in a place where long-term preservation and care can be guaranteed; (2) recognizes that the Iraqi Jewish Ar-chive should be housed in a location that is accessible to scholars and to Iraqi Jews and their descendants who have a personal inter-est in it; (3) recognizes that the initial agreement between the National Archives and Records Administration and the Coalition Provi-sional Authority was signed before knowing the complete history of the Iraqi Jewish Ar-chive; (4) reaffirms the United States’ commit-ment to cultural property under inter-national law; and (5) reaffirms the commitment of the United States to ensuring justice for victims of ethnic and religious persecution. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 578—HON-ORING THE MEN AND WOMEN OF THE DRUG ENFORCEMENT AD-MINISTRATION ON THE 45TH AN-NIVERSARY OF THE AGENCY Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) submitted the following res-olution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 578 Whereas the Drug Enforcement Adminis-tration (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘DEA’’) was— (1) established by an Executive order on July 1, 1973; and (2) given the responsibility to coordinate all activities of the Federal Government di-rectly related to the enforcement of the drug laws of the United States; Whereas the more than 8,900 men and women of the DEA, including special agents, intelligence analysts, diversion investiga-tors, program analysts, forensic chemists, attorneys, and administrative support staff, as well as more than 2,700 task force officers and hundreds of vetted foreign drug law en-forcement officers— (1) serve the United States with courage; and (2) help protect the people of the United States from drug trafficking, drug abuse, and related violence; Whereas, during the 45 years since the es-tablishment of the DEA, the agency has tar-geted and brought to justice numerous criminals from around the world; Whereas, throughout the 45-year history of the DEA, the agency has continually adapted to evolving trends of drug trafficking organi-zations by targeting individuals involved in the manufacturing, distribution, and sale of drugs, including cocaine, heroin, meth-amphetamine, marijuana, ecstasy, con-trolled prescription drugs, and new psychoactive substances; Whereas, during the past decade, DEA spe-cial agents— (1) seized— (A) more than 65,000 kilograms of heroin; (B) 1,240,000 kilograms of cocaine; (C) 3,240,000 kilograms of marijuana; (D) more than 191,000 kilograms of meth-amphetamine; and (E) more than 23,000,000 dosage units of controlled prescription drugs; and (2) identified more than 600 new psychoactive substances, including con-trolled substance analogues; Whereas the DEA has deployed enforce-ment and regulatory tools and strategies to address the threat posed by new psychoactive substances, including con-trolled substance analogues, which— (1) mimic the effects of known licit and il-licit controlled substances, including fentanyl; and (2) are largely responsible for driving the opioid epidemic that claimed the lives of more than 42,000 individuals in the United States in 2016; Whereas, with 91 foreign offices located in 70 countries, the DEA has the largest inter-national presence of any Federal law en-forcement agency, facilitating— (1) close collaboration with international partners around the world, including in the Republic of Colombia, the United Mexican States, the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan, and the People’s Republic of China, through information-sharing, training, and tech-nology; and (2) the provision of resources that have re-sulted in the disruption or dismantling of 300 priority target drug trafficking organiza-tions in the Republic of Colombia, 226 in the United Mexican States, 53 in the Islamic Re-public of Afghanistan, and 45 in the People’s Republic of China; Whereas, throughout the history of the DEA, employees and members of the agen-cy’s task forces have sacrificed their lives in the line of duty, including Emir Benitez, Gerald Sawyer, Leslie S. Grosso, Nickolas Fragos, Mary M. Keehan, Charles H. Mann, Anna Y. Mounger, Anna J. Pope, Martha D. Skeels, Mary P. Sullivan, Larry D. Wallace, Ralph N. Shaw, James T. Lunn, Octavio Gon-zalez, Francis J. Miller, Robert C. Lightfoot, Thomas J. Devine, Larry N. Carwell, Marcellus Ward, Enrique S. Camarena, James A. Avant, Charles M. Bassing, Kevin L. Brosch, Susan M. Hoefler, William Ramos, Raymond J. Stastny, Arthur L. Cash, Terry W. McNett, George M. Montoya, Paul S. Seema, Everett E. Hatcher, Rickie C. Finley, Joseph T. Aversa, Wallie Howard, Jr., Eu-gene T. McCarthy, Alan H. Winn, George D. Althouse, Becky L. Dwojeski, Stephen J. Strehl, Richard E. Fass, Frank Fernandez, Jr., Jay W. Seale, Meredith Thompson, Juan C. Vars, Frank S. Wallace, Jr., Shelly D. Bland, Rona L. Chafey, Carrol June Fields, Carrie A. Lenz, Kenneth G. McCullough, Shaun E. Curl, Larry Steilen, Royce D. Tramel, Alice Faye Hall-Walton, Elton Lee Armstead, Terry Loftus, Donald C. Ware, Jay Balchunas, Thomas J. Byrne, Jr., Sam-uel Hicks, Forrest N. Leamon, Chad L. Mi-chael, Michael E. Weston, James Terry Wat-son, and Brent L. Hanger; and Whereas many other DEA employees and task force officers have been wounded or in-jured in the line of duty, including 14 who have received the DEA Purple Heart Award: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) congratulates the Drug Enforcement Administration on the occasion of its 45th anniversary; (2) honors the heroic sacrifice of the em-ployees of the agency who have sacrificed their lives or who have been wounded or in-jured in the service of the United States; and (3) gives heartfelt thanks to all the men and women of the Drug Enforcement Admin-istration for their past and continued efforts to protect the people of the United States from the dangers of drug abuse. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 579—HON-ORING THE LIFE, ACCOMPLISH-MENTS, AND LEGACY OF NEL-SON MANDELA ON THE CEN-TENARY OF HIS BIRTH Mr. COONS (for himself, Mr. S
CHU-
MER, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. I SAK-
SON, Mr. J ONES , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. K AINE, Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. M UR-
PHY, Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. R EED, Mr. B
ENNET , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Ms. B ALD-
WIN, Ms. W ARREN , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. D
ONNELLY , and Mr. W HITEHOUSE ) sub-mitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on For-eign Relations: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JY6.013 S18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5071 July 18, 2018 
S. R ES. 579 Whereas Nelson Mandela was born on July 18, 1918, as Rolihlahla Mandela in the village of Mvezo in the Eastern Cape of South Afri-ca; Whereas Nelson Mandela became a polit-ical activist as a young man and engaged in diverse acts of civil disobedience and resist-ance during the struggle against apartheid, the state-enforced system of racial segrega-tion and systematic oppression maintained by the former white minority government of South Africa; Whereas Nelson Mandela was arrested twice in 1952 for his participation in the Defi-ance Campaign, which involved the orga-nized contravention of apartheid laws through acts of civil disobedience, and re-ceived a suspended sentence of imprisonment with hard labor; Whereas, on August 5, 1962, as a leader of the African National Congress and the Afri-can National Congress Youth League, Nelson Mandela was arrested for his activism to end the discriminatory policies of apartheid; Whereas, on June 12, 1964, Nelson Mandela was found guilty of all charges against him and sentenced to life imprisonment; Whereas the global movement to release Nelson Mandela and end the South African system of apartheid— (1) employed international economic sanc-tions, such as the sanctions under the Com-prehensive Anti-Apartheid Act of 1986 (Pub-lic Law 99–440; 100 Stat. 1086); and (2) included the condemnation of apartheid by countless citizens, artists, intellectuals, and activists of the United States; Whereas, on February 11, 1990, under in-creasing international pressure and domestic campaign efforts, Nelson Mandela was re-leased from prison after 27 years, 6 months, and 1 week of continuous incarceration; Whereas, on his release, Nelson Mandela earned international recognition for leading efforts to foster reconciliation, peace, and democracy and for bringing about a nego-tiated transition ending the apartheid sys-tem and establishing universal suffrage and equal rights for all South Africans; Whereas, on July 4, 1993, former President Bill Clinton awarded Nelson Mandela and Frederik Willem de Klerk the Philadelphia Liberty Medal; Whereas, on October 1, 1993, the Nobel Peace Prize was jointly awarded to Nelson Mandela and Frederik Willem de Klerk ‘‘for their work for the peaceful termination of the apartheid regime, and for laying the foundations of a new democratic South Afri-ca’’; Whereas, between April 16 and April 29, 1994, the citizens of South Africa voted in the first fully representative, multiracial na-tional elections in the history of South Afri-ca; Whereas, on May 9, 1994, the National As-sembly elected Nelson Mandela as President of the Republic of South Africa under a gov-ernment of national unity; Whereas, during his term as President of South Africa from 1994 to 1999, Nelson Mandela— (1) led the peaceful transition from apart-heid minority rule to multicultural, multira-cial, and multiparty democracy; and (2) played a critical role in the ongoing ef-forts of South Africa to foster national rec-onciliation; Whereas, on July 29, 1998, Congress award-ed Nelson Mandela the Congressional Gold Medal; Whereas the decision of Nelson Mandela to step down after 1 term as the elected Presi-dent of South Africa was a commendable act exemplifying his commitment to democratic principles and serves as a model for elected leaders around the globe; Whereas, on July 9, 2002, former President George W. Bush honored Nelson Mandela with the Presidential Medal of Freedom; Whereas on November 10, 2009, the United Nations General Assembly unanimously adopted a resolution to designate July 18 as Nelson Mandela International Day; Whereas the United States was a proud sponsor of the resolution; Whereas, on December 5, 2013, Nelson Mandela died at the age of 95; Whereas former President George W. Bush called Nelson Mandela ‘‘one of the great forces for freedom and equality of our time’’; Whereas former President Barack Obama called Nelson Mandela ‘‘the last great lib-erator of the 20th century’’ and observed that ‘‘Mandela taught us the power of ac-tion, but he also taught us the power of ideas; the importance of reason and argu-ments; [and] the need to study not only those who you agree with, but also those who you don’t agree with’’; Whereas, on July 28, 2014, former President Barack Obama renamed the Young African Leaders Initiative fellowship the ‘‘Mandela Washington Fellowship for Young African Leaders’’ in honor of Nelson Mandela; Whereas July 18, 2018 marks the centenary of the birth of Nelson Mandela, which pro-vides an opportunity for people around the world to reflect on his life and promote his legacy; Whereas, through the leadership of Nelson Mandela, the notion and spirit of ‘‘Ubuntu’’, a South African term referring to the inter-connectedness and harmony of humanity, has spread throughout the world; and Whereas Nelson Mandela leaves a legacy that transcends his time and place in history and will guide and inspire future genera-tions: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) honors the life, accomplishments, and legacy of Nelson Mandela; (2) celebrates the leadership and commit-ment of Nelson Mandela to fighting discrimi-nation, poverty, and inequality and to pro-moting human rights and justice for all; (3) recognizes the shared history between South Africa and the United States, the em-bedded legacies of racial discrimination and division in both countries, and the shared and continuing efforts to overcome those challenges in the manner exemplified by Nel-son Mandela; (4) encourages the Administration of Presi-dent Donald Trump to foster the enduring relationship between the people and govern-ments of South Africa and the United States; and (5) encourages people around the world to reflect on the importance of tolerance, for-giveness, and peace in honor of the cen-tenary of the birth of Nelson Mandela. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 580—RECOG-NIZING AND SUPPORTING PUB-LIC AWARENESS OF THE IMPOR-TANCE OF TRADEMARKS AND THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF THE NATIONAL TRADEMARK EXPO-SITION OF THE UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OF-FICE Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself and Mr. C
OONS ) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 580 Whereas intellectual property is instru-mental to the economy of the United States by fueling innovation and creating jobs; Whereas Congress and the Congressional Trademark Caucus understand the impor-tance of trademarks and wish to support the United States Patent and Trademark Office in operating to drive economic growth and enhance the competitiveness of the United States; Whereas the first National Trademark Ex-position took place more than 30 years ago in Washington, D.C.; Whereas, in an increasingly competitive global marketplace, counterfeit goods pose an escalating threat to businesses and jobs in the United States; Whereas counterfeit goods cost the United States billions of dollars and countless jobs annually; Whereas it is important for Congress and consumers to understand the impact of coun-terfeit goods on the economy of, and the health and safety of consumers in, the United States; Whereas low quality counterfeit goods can— (1) be dangerous to consumers and harmful to entrepreneurs; and (2) erode consumer confidence in brands; Whereas trademark registration and Fed-eral trademark law assist the public in— (1) discerning between authentic and coun-terfeit merchandise; and (2) stopping the flow of counterfeit goods; Whereas consumers in the United States encounter an average of 1,500 trademarks each day; Whereas it is important for the United States to strive to have the best intellectual property system possible that is understood by the public of the United States; Whereas the Congressional Trademark Caucus focuses on supporting initiatives that increase awareness of, and foster a produc-tive public dialogue about, the importance of trademarks and the risks associated with counterfeit goods; Whereas the National Trademark Expo-sition supports the work of the Congres-sional Trademark Caucus by facilitating the education of thousands of consumers; and Whereas educating the public about the value of brand names and trademarks in an increasingly competitive global marketplace serves the public interest of helping to safe-guard consumers against deception and con-fusion in the marketplace: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That— (1) it is the sense of the Senate that— (A) there should be greater public aware-ness of the importance of trademarks for the society and economy of the United States; (B) the 2018 National Trademark Expo-sition of the United States Patent and Trademark Office provides a unique oppor-tunity to— (i) educate the people of the United States about trademarks; and (ii) encourage— (I) a greater understanding of the role that trademarks play in the economy of the United States; and (II) corporations, small businesses, govern-mental agencies, and nonprofit organizations to share information with the public about trademarks; and (C) the United States Patent and Trade-mark Office and the Smithsonian Institution should be recognized for orchestrating a free, family-friendly event that educates tens of thousands of people about the importance of trademarks; and (2) the Senate supports efforts to increase public awareness of the importance of trade-marks, including the goals and ideals of the 2018 National Trademark Exposition of the United States Patent and Trademark Office held on July 27 and 28, 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JY6.028 S18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5072 July 18, 2018 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 3397. Mr. ROUNDS (for Mr. R ISCH) pro- posed an amendment to the bill S. 526, to amend the Small Business Act to provide for expanded participation in the microloan pro-gram, and for other purposes . SA 3398. Mr. ROUNDS (for Mr. F
LAKE ) pro- posed an amendment to the bill S. 2850, to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Set-tlement Fund. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 3397. Mr. ROUNDS (for Mr. R
ISCH) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 526, to amend the Small Business Act to provide for expanded participation in the microloan program, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike section 4. 
SA 3398. Mr. ROUNDS (for Mr. F
LAKE ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 2850, to amend the White Moun-tain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quan-tification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SEC. lll. USE OF FUNDS IN WMAT SETTLE-MENT FUND FOR WMAT RURAL WATER SYSTEM. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF WMAT R URAL WATER  S
YSTEM .—Section 307(a) of the White Moun-tain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantifica-tion Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–291; 124 Stat. 3080) is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by inserting ‘‘, (b)(2),’’ after ‘‘subsections (a)’’. (b) F
UNDING .—Section 312(b)(2)(C)(i)(III) of the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–291; 124 Stat. 3093) is amended by striking the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘, including the planning, de-sign, and construction of the WMAT rural water system, in accordance with section 307(a).’’. 
SEC. lll. EXPANSION OF PUEBLO OF SANTA CLARA LAND ELIGIBLE FOR 99-YEAR LEASE. 
Subsection (a) of the first section of the Act of August 9, 1955 (commonly known as the ‘‘Long-Term Leasing Act’’) (25 U.S.C. 415(a)), is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Indians,,’’ and inserting ‘‘Indians,’’; (2) by inserting ‘‘Ohkay Owingeh pueblo,’’ after ‘‘Cochiti,’’; (3) by inserting ‘‘the pueblo of Santa Clara,’’ after ‘‘Pojoaque,’’; (4) by striking ‘‘the the lands’’ and insert-ing ‘‘the land’’; (5) by striking ‘‘lands held in trust for the Pueblo of Santa Clara,’’; and (6) by striking ‘‘lands held in trust for Ohkay Owingeh Pueblo’’. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I have 7 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
The Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, July 18, 2018, at 10:15 a.m., to conduct a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Sharks’’. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Wednesday, July 18, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing on the nominations of Brian J. Bulatao, of Texas, to be an Under Sec-retary (Management), and Denise Natali, of New Jersey, to be an Assist-ant Secretary (Conflict and Stabiliza-tion Operations), both of the Depart-ment of State. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs is au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, July 18, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing. 
COMMITTEE ON INDIAN AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Indian Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, July 18, 2018, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hearing. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, July 18, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing. 
SPECIAL COMMITTEE ON AGING  
The Special Committee on Aging is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, July 18, 2018, at 9:30 a.m., to conduct a hearing. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON INTERNATIONAL TRADE , 
CUSTOMS , AND GLOBAL COMPETITIVENESS  
The Subcommittee on International Trade, Customs, and Global Competi-tiveness of the Committee on Finance is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Wednesday, July 18, 2018, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hear-ing. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Molly Patrick, Lane Davis, Victoria Barczyk, James Payne, and Gabe Dabin, interns from Senator K
ENNEDY ’s office, be granted floor privileges for the remainder of the day. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NOTICE: REGISTRATION OF MASS MAILINGS The filing date for the 2018 second quarter Mass Mailing report is Wednes-day, July 25, 2018. An electronic option is available on Webster that will allow forms to be submitted via a fillable pdf document. If your office did no mass mailings dur-ing this period, please submit a form that states ‘‘none.’’ Mass mailing registrations or nega-tive reports can be submitted elec-tronically or delivered to the Senate Office of Public Records, 232 Hart Building, Washington, DC 20510–7116. The Senate Office of Public Records is open from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. For fur-ther information, please contact the Senate Office of Public Records at (202) 224–0322. f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to executive session for the consideration of Calendar No. 942; that the nomination be confirmed; that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate; that no further motions be in order; that any statements related to the nomination be printed in the Record; that the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action, and the Senate then resume legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The nomination considered and con-firmed is as follows: 
IN THE COAST GUARD  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Coast Guard Re-serve to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203(a): To be rear admiral Rear Adm. (1h) Andrew S. McKinley f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will now resume legislative session. 
f 
MICROLOAN MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2017 Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 346, S. 526. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 526) to amend the Small Business Act to provide for expanded participation in the microloan program, and for other pur-poses. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneur-ship, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Microloan Mod-ernization Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act— (1) the term ‘‘intermediary’’ has the meaning given the term in section 7(m)(11) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(m)(11)); and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A18JY6.022 S18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5073 July 18, 2018 
(2) the term ‘‘microloan program’’ means the program established under section 7(m) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(m)). 
SEC. 3. MICROLOAN INTERMEDIARY LENDING LIMIT INCREASED. 
Section 7(m)(3)(C) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(m)(3)(C)) is amended by striking ‘‘$5,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$6,000,000’’. 
SEC. 4. MICROLOAN TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE. 
Section 7(m)(4)(E) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(m)(4)(E)) is amended by striking ‘‘25 percent’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘50 percent’’. 
SEC. 5. SBA STUDY OF MICROENTERPRISE PAR-TICIPATION. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Administrator of the Small Business Administration shall conduct a study and submit to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives a report on— (1) the operations (including services pro-vided, structure, size, and area of operation) of a representative sample of— (A) intermediaries that are eligible to partici-pate in the microloan program and that do par-ticipate; and (B) intermediaries (including those operated for profit, operated not for profit, and those af-filiated with a United States institution of high-er learning) that are eligible to participate in the microloan program and that do not partici-pate; (2) the reasons why intermediaries described in paragraph (1)(B) choose not to participate in the microloan program; (3) recommendations on how to encourage in-creased participation in the microloan program by intermediaries described in paragraph (1)(B); and (4) recommendations on how to decrease the costs associated with participation in the microloan program for eligible intermediaries. 
SEC. 6. GAO STUDY ON MICROLOAN INTER-MEDIARY PRACTICES. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives a report evalu-ating— (1) oversight of the microloan program by the Small Business Administration, including over-sight of intermediaries participating in the microloan program; and (2) the specific processes used by the Small Business Administration to ensure— (A) compliance by intermediaries participating in the microloan program; and (B) the overall performance of the microloan program. 
Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported substitute amendment be agreed to; that the Risch amend-ment at the desk be agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendment in the nature of a substitute was agreed to. The amendment (No. 3397) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To strike section 4) Strike section 4. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read the third time. Mr. ROUNDS. I know of no further debate on the bill, as amended. The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there is no further debate, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? The bill (S. 526), as amended, was passed, as follows: S. 526 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Microloan Modernization Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act— (1) the term ‘‘intermediary’’ has the mean-ing given the term in section 7(m)(11) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(m)(11)); and (2) the term ‘‘microloan program’’ means the program established under section 7(m) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(m)). 
SEC. 3. MICROLOAN INTERMEDIARY LENDING LIMIT INCREASED. 
Section 7(m)(3)(C) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(m)(3)(C)) is amended by striking ‘‘$5,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$6,000,000’’. 
SEC. 4. SBA STUDY OF MICROENTERPRISE PAR-TICIPATION. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Administrator of the Small Business Administration shall conduct a study and submit to the Com-mittee on Small Business and Entrepreneur-ship of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representa-tives a report on— (1) the operations (including services pro-vided, structure, size, and area of operation) of a representative sample of— (A) intermediaries that are eligible to par-ticipate in the microloan program and that do participate; and (B) intermediaries (including those oper-ated for profit, operated not for profit, and those affiliated with a United States institu-tion of higher learning) that are eligible to participate in the microloan program and that do not participate; (2) the reasons why intermediaries de-scribed in paragraph (1)(B) choose not to par-ticipate in the microloan program; (3) recommendations on how to encourage increased participation in the microloan pro-gram by intermediaries described in para-graph (1)(B); and (4) recommendations on how to decrease the costs associated with participation in the microloan program for eligible inter-mediaries. 
SEC. 5. GAO STUDY ON MICROLOAN INTER-MEDIARY PRACTICES. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepre-neurship of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Represent-atives a report evaluating— (1) oversight of the microloan program by the Small Business Administration, includ-ing oversight of intermediaries participating in the microloan program; and (2) the specific processes used by the Small Business Administration to ensure— (A) compliance by intermediaries partici-pating in the microloan program; and (B) the overall performance of the microloan program. 
Mr. ROUNDS. I ask unanimous con-sent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. SMALL BUSINESS INNOVATION PROTECTION ACT OF 2017 Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 347, S. 791. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: A bill (S. 791) to amend the Small Business Act to expand intellectual property edu-cation and training for small businesses, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. ROUNDS. I ask unanimous con-sent that the bill be considered read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read the third time. Mr. ROUNDS. I know of no further debate on the bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there is no further debate, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? The bill (S. 791) was passed, as fol-lows: 
S. 791 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Small Busi-ness Innovation Protection Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act— (1) the term ‘‘Administrator’’ means the Administrator of the SBA; (2) the term ‘‘Director’’ means the Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Director of the USPTO; (3) the term ‘‘SBA’’ means the Small Busi-ness Administration; (4) the term ‘‘small business concern’’ has the meaning given the term in section 3(a) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(a)); (5) the term ‘‘small business development center’’ means a center described in section 21 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648); and (6) the term ‘‘USPTO’’ means the United States Patent and Trademark Office. 
SEC. 3. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds that— (1) the USPTO and the SBA are positioned to— (A) build upon several successful intellec-tual property and training programs aimed at small business concerns; and (B) increase the availability of and the par-ticipation in the programs described in sub-paragraph (A) across the United States; and (2) any education and training program ad-ministered by the USPTO and the SBA should be scalable so that the program is able to reach more small business concerns. 
SEC. 4. SBA AND USPTO PARTNERSHIPS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Beginning not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator, in consultation with the Director, shall develop partnership agreements that— (1) provide for the— (A) development of high-quality training, including in-person or modular training ses-sions, for small business concerns relating to domestic and international protection of in-tellectual property; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JY6.036 S18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5074 July 18, 2018 
(B) leveraging of training materials al-ready developed for the education of inven-tors and small business concerns; and (C) participation of a nongovernmental or-ganization; and (2) provide training— (A) through electronic resources, including Internet-based webinars; and (B) at physical locations, including— (i) a small business development center; and (ii) the headquarters or a regional office of the USPTO. 
SEC. 5. SMALL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT CEN-TERS. 
Section 21(c)(3) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648(c)(3)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (S), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (T), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(U) in conjunction with the United States Patent and Trademark Office, providing training— ‘‘(i) to small business concerns relating to— ‘‘(I) domestic and international intellec-tual property protections; and ‘‘(II) how the protections described in sub-clause (I) should be considered in the busi-ness plans and growth strategies of the small business concerns; and ‘‘(ii) that may be delivered— ‘‘(I) in person; or ‘‘(II) through a website.’’. 
Mr. ROUNDS. I ask unanimous con-sent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
AMENDING THE WHITE MOUNTAIN APACHE TRIBE WATER RIGHTS QUANTIFICATION ACT OF 2010 Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 416, S. 2850. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2850) to amend the White Moun-tain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantifica-tion Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. ROUNDS. I ask unanimous con-sent that the Flake amendment at the desk be agreed to, that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed, and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 3398) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: In the nature of a substitute) Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SEC. lll. USE OF FUNDS IN WMAT SETTLE-MENT FUND FOR WMAT RURAL WATER SYSTEM. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF WMAT R URAL WATER  S
YSTEM .—Section 307(a) of the White Moun-tain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantifica-tion Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–291; 124 Stat. 3080) is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by inserting ‘‘, (b)(2),’’ after ‘‘subsections (a)’’. (b) FUNDING .—Section 312(b)(2)(C)(i)(III) of the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–291; 124 Stat. 3093) is amended by striking the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘, including the planning, de-sign, and construction of the WMAT rural water system, in accordance with section 307(a).’’. 
SEC. lll. EXPANSION OF PUEBLO OF SANTA CLARA LAND ELIGIBLE FOR 99-YEAR LEASE. 
Subsection (a) of the first section of the Act of August 9, 1955 (commonly known as the ‘‘Long-Term Leasing Act’’) (25 U.S.C. 415(a)), is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Indians,,’’ and inserting ‘‘Indians,’’; (2) by inserting ‘‘Ohkay Owingeh pueblo,’’ after ‘‘Cochiti,’’; (3) by inserting ‘‘the pueblo of Santa Clara,’’ after ‘‘Pojoaque,’’; (4) by striking ‘‘the the lands’’ and insert-ing ‘‘the land’’; (5) by striking ‘‘lands held in trust for the Pueblo of Santa Clara,’’; and (6) by striking ‘‘lands held in trust for Ohkay Owingeh Pueblo’’. 
The bill (S. 2850), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, JULY 19, 2018 Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 10 a.m., Thursday, July 19; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning business be closed. I ask that following leader re-marks, the Senate proceed to executive session and resume consideration of the Bounds nomination; further, that all time in recess, adjournment, morn-ing business, and leader remarks count against postcloture time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the pre-vious order, following the remarks of the Senator from Delaware. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I sug-gest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. HONORING THE LIFE, ACCOM-PLISHMENTS, AND LEGACY OF NELSON MANDELA Mr. COONS. Mr. President on this date a century ago, an extraordinary life began that would change the lives of millions of others. One hundred years ago today, Nelson Mandela was born in the village of Mvezo in a coun-tryside of grass-covered rolling hills in the Eastern Cape of South Africa. That day began a 95-year journey of one man who led the South African people to liberation and whose legacy continues to reverberate through time. Over the course of his life, Nelson Mandela, known by his nickname ‘‘Madiba,’’ became venerated as a glob-al advocate for justice and equality by millions—arguably, more than any other political figure of our time. Through political activism and resist-ance, Madiba led a revolution by shep-herding his people from racial division, hate, and subjugation to freedom, tol-erance, and democracy. One of the most striking aspects of Nelson Mandela’s leadership as the first President of a truly free, non-racial, nonsexist South Africa was his enormous capacity for forgiveness and his ability to open his heart to those who were once his brutal oppressors. Twenty years after he was released from a lifetime in prison, Nelson Mandela invited to dinner at his own home one of his former jailers, a man with whom he had become close friends, saying that their friendship re-inforced his belief in the essential hu-manity of even those who had kept him for so long behind bars. How long? Twenty-six years, 6 months, and 1 week. Despite all of those years, months, and days of continuous imprisonment, Nelson Mandela never himself became a prisoner to hate. Madiba set the ex-ample of healing, forgiveness, and rec-onciliation that ultimately allowed South Africa’s rainbow nation to emerge from the ashes of brutal racial oppression. His example is particularly timely and powerful in light of the polariza-tion, distrust, and division in our world and even in our own Nation today. His-tory reminds us, though, that this rec-onciliation, this openness, is not a new phenomenon. Fifty-two years ago this summer, in June of 1966, then-U.S. Senator Robert F. Kennedy delivered a memorable speech at the University of Cape Town in South Africa. Speaking to a nation then deep in the throes of the cruel in-justices of apartheid, Senator Bobby Kennedy began his speech by describ-ing ‘‘a land in which the native inhab-itants were at first subdued, but rela-tions with whom remain a problem to this day; a land which defined itself on a hostile frontier; a land which was once the importer of slaves, and must now struggle to wipe out the last traces of that former bondage.’’ Ken-nedy then paused before famously con-cluding: ‘‘I refer, of course, to the United States of America.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JY6.043 S18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5075 July 18, 2018 
Then, as now, the differences between the United States and South Africa are significant. Yet Americans and South Africans share more than we might recognize or want to acknowledge. On the positive side, we share remarkable constitutions and inspiring foundational documents in South Afri-ca’s Freedom Charter and our own Dec-laration of Independence, whose funda-mental principles are profound and in-spiring but whose lived experiences have so far fallen short. We also share a deep commitment to democracy, so-cieties grounded in the rule of law, a vibrant and free press, and capable and independent judiciaries. We are also multilingual, multifaith democracies, Federal republics that have incredible human histories and deep and rich nat-ural resources. Both South Africa and the United States have demonstrated how important civic institutions are to sustaining democracy and preserving the progress of humanity. Today, on what would have been Nel-son Mandela’s 100th birthday, the United States is itself facing serious challenges to the very institutions that underpin and preserve our hard-won de-mocracy. As we weather these chal-lenges together as a nation, let us find inspiration in Mandela’s life and leg-acy. Let us remember that on his long walk to freedom, Nelson Mandela taught the need to study not only those with whom we agree but also those with whom we disagree and to be willing to compromise and find com-mon ground. In Madiba’s words: 
It is easy to break down and destroy. The real heroes are those who make peace and build. 
In the years to come, it is my hope that the United States and South Afri-ca will look to each other as both na-tions continue to struggle against the legacy of racial injustice, reverse our growing economic inequality, and pro-tect our evolving experiments in de-mocracy. Nelson Mandela ventured to shape the world as it should be. He showed us that values such as forgiveness, re-spect, and tolerance are not just words but concrete actions we can all take. I am inspired by Madiba’s example to keep fighting for a better, more just world here in the U.S. Senate, as I was first inspired in the fall of 1986 when I traveled to South Africa to volunteer for the South African Council of Churches during the anti-apartheid struggle. Just 2 years ago, I had a chance as a now Senator to revisit Johannesburg and Cape Town with a delegation that included Senator Kennedy’s daughter, Kerry Kennedy, and a whole host of the Kennedy clan. Our own Congressman J
OHNLEWIS, a leader in America’s civil rights struggle; my friend and col-league Congressman S
TENY HOYER ; and two survivors of the racially motivated shooting in a church in downtown Charleston, Polly Sheppard and Felicia Sanders, were there to serve as a living example of the challenges and the dif-ficulties of reconciliation, of forgive-ness, and of grace. We had remarkable experiences. We met with Desmond Tutu, my former supervisor at the Council of Churches decades ago, a winner of the Nobel Peace Prize and someone who helped lead the peace and reconciliation proc-ess in South Africa. We also heard from today’s chancellor of the University of Cape Town, Nelson Mandela’s widow, Graca Machel. Our reflections were interrupted by student protesters demanding a more just dispensation in today’s South Afri-ca—a jarring reminder that even the greatness of the remembrance of Bobby Kennedy and Nelson Mandela is not enough to still the relentless yearning for more—more justice and more equal-ity—by the youngest among us. I still today believe in Nelson Mandela’s vision for the world—a world governed by justice and equality and peace and cooperation for the common good. But it is important to remember just how much we have to do together as a global community to hear each other, forgive each other, and get there. Nelson Mandela once famously said: ‘‘I am not a saint, unless you think of a saint as a sinner who just keeps try-ing.’’ So today let us remember Nelson Mandela’s relentless trying, his his-toric contribution to South Africa and the world, and the example of his struggle to promote human rights and justice for all. Madiba’s service is an enduring reminder of what it means to place the good of a nation’s people above one’s own narrow self-interests— a lesson from which we can all benefit. I am pleased to celebrate the 100th anniversary of the birth of a giant of history and to honor Nelson Mandela’s lifetime of extraordinary service with a bipartisan resolution submitted today. Today, let us rededicate ourselves to his vision for our world and together work tirelessly to make it a reality. I yield the floor. f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 10 a.m. tomorrow. Thereupon, the Senate, at 6:24 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, July 19, 2018, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE  
SCOTT HUTCHINS, OF INDIANA, TO BE UNDER SEC-RETARY OF AGRICULTURE FOR RESEARCH, EDUCATION, AND ECONOMICS, VICE CATHERINE E. WOTEKI. 
DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY  
LANE GENATOWSKI, OF NEW YORK, TO BE DIRECTOR OF THE ADVANCED RESEARCH PROJECTS AGENCY–ENERGY, DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY, VICE ELLEN DUDLEY WIL-LIAMS. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
DAVID HALE, OF NEW JERSEY, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF CAREER MIN-ISTER, TO BE AN UNDER SECRETARY OF STATE (POLIT-ICAL AFFAIRS), VICE THOMAS A. SHANNON, JR., RE-SIGNED. KIP TOM, OF INDIANA, FOR THE RANK OF AMBASSADOR DURING HIS TENURE OF SERVICE AS U.S. REPRESENTA-TIVE TO THE UNITED NATIONS AGENCIES FOR FOOD AND AGRICULTURE. DONALD Y. YAMAMOTO, OF WASHINGTON, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF CAREER MINISTER, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF SOMALIA. NATIONAL FOUNDATION ON THE ARTS AND THE  
HUMANITIES  
CHARLES WICKSER BANTA, OF NEW YORK, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE NATIONAL COUNCIL ON THE ARTS FOR A TERM EXPIRING SEPTEMBER 3, 2022, VICE MARIA ROSARIO JACKSON, TERM EXPIRED. MICHELLE ITCZAK, OF INDIANA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE NATIONAL COUNCIL ON THE ARTS FOR A TERM EX-PIRING SEPTEMBER 3, 2020, VICE IRVIN M. MAYFIELD, JR., TERM EXPIRED. BARBARA COLEEN LONG, OF MISSOURI, TO BE A MEM-BER OF THE NATIONAL COUNCIL ON THE ARTS FOR A TERM EXPIRING SEPTEMBER 3, 2022, VICE DEEPA GUPTA, TERM EXPIRED. CARLETON VARNEY, OF MASSACHUSETTS, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE NATIONAL COUNCIL ON THE ARTS FOR A TERM EXPIRING SEPTEMBER 3, 2022, VICE PAUL W. HODES, TERM EXPIRED. 
COURT SERVICES AND OFFENDER SUPERVISION  
AGENCY FOR THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
RICHARD S. TISCHNER, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE DIRECTOR OF THE COURT SERVICES AND OFFENDER SUPERVISION AGENCY FOR THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA FOR A TERM OF SIX YEARS, VICE NANCY MARIA WARE, TERM EX-PIRED. 
ELECTION ASSISTANCE COMMISSION  
DONALD L. PALMER, OF FLORIDA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE ELECTION ASSISTANCE COMMISSION FOR A TERM EXPIRING DECEMBER 12, 2021, VICE MATTHEW VINCENT MASTERSON, RESIGNED. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be general 
LT. GEN. MARYANNE MILLER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. MICHAEL T. PLEHN THE FOLLOWING NAMED INDIVIDUALS FOR APPOINT-MENT TO THE GRADES INDICATED IN THE REGULAR AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
ILDA Y. ISAZA MATTHEW J. KING 
To be major 
YOBANKA E. PAEZ–MUNOZ THE FOLLOWING NAMED INDIVIDUAL FOR APPOINT-MENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be major 
SAMANTHA S. RIEGER–PINSON 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
KENNETH F. KLOCK THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
BRANDON C. KLINK THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
BURTON C. GLOVER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
MANUEL REYES, JR. THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G18JY6.063 S18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5076 July 18, 2018 
To be major 
EMMANUEL D. EISENSTEIN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
MARSHALL L. BARTEE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR REGULAR AP-POINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 531 AND 3064: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
DONALD C. CARMICHAEL THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
ETHAN P. CARTER GREGORY L. CLARK LASHONDA D. COLESWIGGINS JOHN C. DAVIS BRYAN J. GREEN GEORGE F. HENRY, JR. ROBERT E. H. JOHNSON THOMAS R. KIRBY PETER P. MACK TEALLA H. MARTIN AARON B. NEAL WILLIAM S. ROBBINS NEIL T. ROEDER MICHAEL A. SEISE NEIL E. THOWE GREGORY J. VENVERTLOH DAVID L. WASHINGTON SAMUEL R. WETHERILL IV THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
PATRICIA J. RASMUSSEN AMY L. SANDERS TRACY H. SCHMITT RONALD M. SOUTHERLAND DICKIE J. VEST, JR. KENT J. VINCE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
JEREMY W. BERNDT MONICA MARTINEZ AMY M. RAMER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
SCOTT M. EVERHART VERNON G. LANCE MARK A. MILLER ALBERT SOHNEN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR REGULAR AP-POINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be major 
WILLIAM PEREZ THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
ROBYN D. BOLGLA JAMES J. BOR KATHLEEN D. KAPPEL NICOLE T. KEENEY KEVIN M. LOVE RHONDA D. WYNDER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
MICHAEL C. AMPELAS JAMES F. BRINKMAN MELISSA A. BUSOVSKYMCNEAL JULIO A. CHALELA JANE E. GROSS CHARLES T. HUDDLESTON KERMIT D. HUEBNER GREGORY M. JOHNSTON JUSTIN L. KNOWLES TIMOTHY O. PFEIFFER JORDAN E. PINSKER STEPHEN R. TRAVIS TIMOTHY G. VEDDER WILLIAM A. WALTERS III DANIEL R. WILLIAMS KAREN C. WRIGHT KURT G. ZIMMER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
MICHAEL S. ALLAIN BRYON W. FETTY PAUL W. GROTELUSCHEN MICHAEL L. LAZO GEOFFREY B. LINCOLN ERIC J. MARTINSON ANTHONY P. MCGINTHY RANDALL J. MYSZKA PAUL R. PETERSON LAURA J. STEPHENS MONTY K. TORRES CARMEN M. TUCKER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: To be colonel 
DONNA M. KENTLEY AARON C. KYER GARY W. LOUDEN STEPHEN P. MCKENZIE HEIDI R. MUNRO ROY C. OUANO MICHAEL S. ROSCOE DAVID J. SKELLEY, JR. THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
KIMBERLY D. DEJESUS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
ROYAL M. MINOR III CRAIG E. PARSONS BENITO E. RODRIGUEZ THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
EDWARD L. BARRON, JR. BENJAMIN A. BLACKBURN III SEAN P. CONNOLLY FRANKLIN R. FLORENCE GABRIEL A. ISIOYE ALVARO MAYA MICHAEL B. MOREHEAD MICHELE M. RICH THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
LORI J. ALLERT RICHARD T. ALSDORF, JR. CATHY BALZANO DANA F. BARRETTCAMPBELL SMITH V. L. BASE EILEEN C. BROWN JAMES M. COMPLIMENT DARRIN B. DAILEY JOAN R. DAVIS TIMOTHY B. DAVIS CATHERINE F. DEVITO PAUL E. ESACHINA ALECIA A. HARRISON CHRISTOPHER W. HONEA FAITH L. JUNGHAHN DEBRA L. KRISAK MICHELLE D. LAFLEUR TONI A. LOFTUS DENNIS C. LOURA ARLENE LUCKY KAREN L. MCGUIRE JAY H. MOTOKAWA MAEVELYN A. ODONNELL CLAUDIA A. PETERSON JOHN M. PROVENZANO ROBERT R. RAMONAS DAVID C. REED RODNEY L. SANDERS SONIA A. M. TENADU LARA K. TERAN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
CARL W. ADAMS SANDEEP K. AGGARWAL MICHAEL O. BARRON, JR. IAN H. BLACK TIEN D. BUI BRUCE T. BURKS WILLIAM T. BURNETT MICHAEL R. COOK PAUL J. CORCORAN DOUGLAS J. CREEDON MARC P. DIFAZIO BRENDAN T. DOHERTY CHARLES H. DUKES TIMUR S. DURRANI PARHAM K. GHAVAMI ELLINA HALL HANY E. HANNA JOSHUA P. HERZOG LYNN C. HUFFMAN MALENE INGRAM DIANE K. JONES JONATHAN KITCHIN PAUL J. KUBIAK GREGORY LACY RALPH E. LAYMAN III JACK C. LEONG TRACY S. LOPER STEVEN A. LORBER WILLIAM E. NORTHINGTON PHILIP R. PALMER KRISHNA PATEL JOHN C. PAUMIER DIANA RIERA MICHAEL J. ROACH BRENDA ROSARIOPADRON LOREN P. SIMPSON WILLIAM R. SMITH ADA D. STEWART CHARLES A. STILLMAN GARY STOLOVITZ STEVEN G. SUGDEN KENNETH L. WILSON KEVIN M. WOODS JOHN H. WU IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
KORY A. ANGLESEY CHRISTOPHER S. CASNE JOSEPH W. CHARLES MARK J. CHRISTENSEN BRAD G. COLEMAN LUKE A. COWLEY ARCE D. DOBLE, JR. JOSEPH A. DUNAWAY MARCEL T. DUPLANTIER NATHANIEL L. HERRON ANDREW B. HUNT STERLING P. INGRAM IV MICAH J. KILETICO ERIC L. MARTENS JEROD D. MCCULLY TATE L. METLEN GARETH A. MONTGOMERY ROBERT L. OLSON JOSHUA M. PERRY ROBERT S. RAMSEY BRENT D. RICHARDSON DAWN C. ROE BRIAN B. SCHONEFELD KENNETH D. SOWELL JAMES T. STEWART FRANCIS J. TAY, JR. BRENT J. UYEHARA BENJAMIN C. WAITE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
DAVID W. ALEXANDER JOHN D. AULT GREGORY A. CATES VICTORIA A. CHAPPELL JOHN D. CONNOLLY SAMUEL CONTRERAS CRISTIANO S. DESOUSA PETER W. DIETZ GARY W. FOSHEE DOUGLAS A. GRACE ERIC P. HAMMEN SONG S. HWANG DAVID J. JELTEMA CHARLES W. JOHNSON RONALD J. KENNEDY DAVID D. J. KIM RICHARD S. LEE RUSSELL D. MARTIN AARON T. MILLER SUNNY MITCHELL ROBERT S. NELSON THOMAS P. OFLANAGAN ROBERT W. PETERS RANDAL K. POTTER CARL P. RHOADS AARON D. ROBERTON RICHARD C. SMOTHERS COREY T. THORNTON JOHN C. VANDYKE BRUCE A. VAUGHAN RICHARD H. WIESE HAROLD B. WOODRUFF THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
JONATHAN D. ALBANO VINCENT M. J. AMBROSINO KARLIE M. BLAKE CLINTON S. BRYANT JASON D. CALANDRUCCIO WILLIAM. I. COFFEEN IV BRIAN D. COLBURN SUQUON D. COMBS ERIC J. COOMES DIANA I. DALPHONSE AUTUMN L. DANIEL EUGENE DAWSON, JR. ERIK A. DECKER DUNCAN R. ELLIS KRYSTEN J. ELLIS KIRK A. ENGLER 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A18JY6.001 S18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5077 July 18, 2018 
KENNETH E. FINDLEY MONICA M. FREY MAXINE J. J. GARDNER JASON P. HARPER WILLIAM B. HUNT SCOTT T. HUTTLESTON JASON V. ILETO IAN G. ILIFF BRENNAN J. KEMPER MICHAEL A. KIDD GENE M. LATTUS, JR. SCOTT A. LONG BENJAMIN I. MAY DONALD M. MCINTYRE JAMIE L. MITCHELL MICHAEL J. MULLERHEIM BENJAMIN S. NICHOLS CHRISTOPHER F. OCONNOR THURMAN B. PHILLIPS DOUGLAS M. QUINN CHRISTOPHER C. RADKE MICHELLE A. SIMMONS JARROD H. SMITH DONNA L. SMOAK ALBERT T. SONON IV JARED J. SWEETSER JOHN TAMEZ ROBIN L. TAYLOR ANDREW J. TEW BLAKE A. WHITTLE RAYMOND C. YAU JAMES P. ZAKAR THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
JANE J. ABANES EDUARDO F. BARNET JAMES R. BIRKLA COLLEEN C. BLOSSER CONNIE J. BRAYBROOK BRIAN K. BURDICK PATRICIA D. BUTLER RHONDA H. CANTU MARCELO A. CENTAURE MOLLY A. COOK MICHAEL J. CORNELL ROBERT F. CUENTO TERESA C. DENT RONALD G. DEWEES ELIZABETH M. DRAKE CAROLYN H. ELLISON JAMES L. ESTOESTA EBONY J. FERGUSON SUZANNE N. FIERROS KAREN A. FLANAGAN CANDACE R. FOURA ABDON F. GALERA DANILO A. GARCIADUENAS SARAH E. GENTRY JASON A. GOFF JASON M. GUZMAN PENELOPE J. HEIGES ANDREA M. HERNANDEZ ELISABETH B. HOLMES JOHN A. HOYOS DAVY J. JENKINS JOANNA T. JOHNSON MARIA KENNEDY ROBERT J. KIMBERLING HEATHER L. KIRK TRACY R. KRAUSS DUANE J. LAMPERT LYLA E. LAW DERRICK LEBEAU JONATHAN D. LEVENSON JACQUELINE LOPEZ KATHLEEN M. MACAPAGAL SCOTT M. MACDONALD JENNIFER J. MAGUIRE SCOTT A. MCGILL MATTHEW P. MCMAHON JOSE A. MERCADO REGINALD MIDDLEBROOKS JEFFREY A. MILES CHAD B. MOORE THERESA D. MORRIS SARA L. NACZAS PETER I. NYILAS TED U. PAGULAYAN STEPHANIE M. PAONE KENDRA L. PENNINGTON TRAVIS J. PETERSON MARGARET M. REYNOLDS MATTHEW V. REZA SHANNAN C. ROTRUCK AMANDA E. SCHAFFELD REBECCA A. SCHROEDER KATIE E. SCHULZ MARC A. SILFIES JAMIE M. SORENSON ANDREAS STILLER DAMIAN M. STORZ RANDY L. TOLBERT KELLY A. TROUT MICHELLE L. WESTCOTT THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
MATTHEW S. BAILEY JOHN J. BATTISTI DENIZ M. BAYKAN MICHAEL W. BLOOMROSE DAVID A. CHRISTENSON SARAH J. COTTRILL JUSTIN C. HENDERSON WILLIAM A. HOLT MICHAEL J. HUSSEY JOCELYN E. LOFTUSWILLIAMS JOSHUA R. LORENZ JOHN A. V. LOVASTIK DAVID A. MELSON MICHAEL G. MONTAGUE CAMERON R. NELSON PETER R. OSTROM JENNIFER L. POLLIO JESSICA L. PYLE TRACY L. REYNOLDS KATHERINE E. SHOVLIN RACHEL E. TREST ALLISON E. WARD MEREDITH S. WERNER LENA E. WHITEHEAD ADAM B. YOST THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be commander 
LYNDA S. AMELL CHRISTOPHER E. BARNES ALLISON L. BENNETT WILLIAM O. BENNETT EDWARD BRINSTON HYRUM T. BROSSARD ALAN D. CHRONISTER KATHLEEN A. COLTER RODERICK DAVIS, JR. CHRISTOPHER S. DEANGELIS KYLE D. DOHM KORRINA R. DONALD NICOLE J. DUTTON ASHLEE C. ESPIRITU JOSEPH J. FORD, JR. REINA GOMEZ DANIEL L. IMMEKER ELMER L. JIMENEZ JAMES M. KEENER KIMBERLY L. LITTEL NICHOLAS J. MARTIN FELECIA E. MCCLELLAN KINAU Y. MCCOY WILFREDO MORALES MARKEECE L. MURRIEL JAMES M. NOGLE KIMBERLY A. OELSCHLAGER AYODELE O. OLABISI EMILY A. OWENS CINDI L. PALACIOS MICHAEL G. PROUTY MATHEW B. RARIDEN JENIFER M. SCANCELLA MARK P. SIMONS DAVID J. SOHL LISSETH C. THOMAS JESUS S. THOMPSON AYESSA B. TOLER TYLER J. TOWERS JEREMY H. WESTCOTT BRANDON J. WILLIAMS CHADWICK Y. YASUDA THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
LALEH ABDOLAZADEH WILLIAM P. BOGGESS MARTIN J. BRAUD JASON N. BURKES KATHERINE L. CHENG LORA L. CHOW JEFFREY L. CULBREATH CORINNE C. DEVIN DAVID M. DOW II DANIKA J. DOWNEY COLIN A. ELIOT BENJAMIN D. FITZHARRIS REBECCA A. FRAZER JARED A. GELLER EDUARDO GOMEZ JESUS M. GONZALEZ MICHAEL J. GRAU, JR. FRED J. HARPER III SCOTT A. HOCKER JACQUELINE A. M. HOGAN DANIEL J. HONL JAIME L. JAMES BROCK J. JOHNSON BENJAMIN J. LAGO DARIEN G. LAZARO ANDREA D. LISELL BRADLEY D. MARTINSEN GEOFFREY L. MCMURRAY PATRICK T. MORRELL HOAN B. NGHIEM MARK A. NOCERA JAMES M. OBRIEN ANDREW C. PARK CHRISTOPHER D. PARKS MICHAEL L. PAYNE LEONEL PEREZ, JR. DAVID M. RASMUSSEN BENJAMIN L. RICKS GREGORY E. RINGLER JUSTIN L. ROGERS JAMES M. ROSS FREDERICK J. RUMFORD IV ANGELA C. SESSA ANDREW D. SILVESTRI DEREK D. SODEN SARA A. STIRES CLARENCE S. TANG STEPHEN M. WADE LESLIE H. WALLACE MARY N. WILLIAMSTREESH DONAVON A. YAPSHING CHRISTOPHER L. YOUNG THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be commander 
LISA L. ABELS KEITH A. ALFIERI LEE R. ALLEN ALEX T. ALLWEIN GEORGE C. BALAZS RUSSELL P. BALMER TAYLOR A. BANKS JEREMY P. BARAN NADINE S. BARKSDALE ANTHONY M. BIELAWSKI VERONICA E. BIGORNIA KEISHA N. BLAIR BENJAMIN R. BLEVINS ERIN M. BLEVINS DENISE BOGGSWILKERSON TAMARA BRAINARD JACK R. BRANDAU ANDREW M. BRANHAM ERIK D. BRINK STEPHEN M. BRONAUGH HELEN L. CANN SHANNON M. CAPP BRETT M. CHAMBERLIN DARREN CHERRY GREGORY T. CHESNUT ROBERT D. CHIARUTTINI EVA CHOU JAMES C. CLIFFORD MARY J. CLINGAN WILLIAM K. CONLEY II JONATHON COOKE JAMES S. CORTES MARK P. COSEO TIFFANY C. COX HAMPTON A. CRIMM RAYMOND J. CUDNIK III MICHAEL E. CUNNINGHAM FRANCIS P. CUOZZO NATHAN S. CUTLER BENNETT L. DAVIS AMBER N. DECHAMBEAU ANGELA M. DICARLOMEACHAM TIMOTHY J. DONAHUE MICHAEL L. DOXEY ERYN J. H. DUTTA CHARLES S. EISENBERG JEREMY S. ENNIS WILLIAM L. FALLS JAMIE L. FITCH DEREK L. FOERSCHLER BRIAN C. FOLEY CHRISTOPHER W. FOSTER JANELLE A. FOX AMY J. FRANKSTON KYLE D. GADBOIS MICAH J. GASPARY ANTHONY A. GIBERMAN DAVID M. GLASSMAN SARAH L. GRANGER ROLF E. GRANING MICHAEL S. GREEN, JR. JUSTIN A. HARDER TRAVIS E. HARRELL GREGORY S. HENDERSON ANTONIA J. HENRY MATTHEW F. HOEFLER MATTHEW A. HUMPHREYS ANDREW P. HURVITZ DINCHEN A. JARDINE SHANE D. JENSEN PAUL D. JOHENK KEVIN D. JOHNSON LUCAS A. JOHNSON MARK S. JOHNSON REBECCA L. JOHNSON JAIME H. KAPUR MATTHEW W. KELLER JEAN D. KEMP BENJAY J. KEMPNER SHELLIE M. KENDALL BRIAN M. KEUSKI TIM I. KIM JOANNA R. KRAUSE ANDREW C. KUNG LAURA M. LAUER MICHAEL R. LEADER SCOTT LIU JOHN M. LYDON MICHELLE M. LYNCH JOHN S. MADDOX FRANKLIN C. MARGARON APRIL S. MATIASEK PAUL D. METZGER MATTHEW M. MICHALOWICZ JESSICA M. MILLER JONATHAN P. MILLER RUSSELL J. MILLER JOSHUA W. MINYARD DAVID A. MOORE ERIN K. MOORE 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A18JY6.003 S18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5078 July 18, 2018 
LUCAS A. MUELLER MEREDITH R. NEAL NIELS H. OLSON MONICA D. ORMENO YAN T. ORTIZPOMALES ANDREW M. PARSONS MICHAEL B. PAUL AARON J. PHARISS KEVIN A. PINKOS BRYAN J. PLATT KRISTINA M. POLK AARON T. POOLE AARON D. REED JASON P. RICE SHANNON L. RIGLER VICTOR A. RIVERA DARIN M. ROLFE CRYSTAL A. RUSSELL LEAH S. SAG JULIA A. SAVITZ CAROLINE M. SCHLOCKER MICHAEL S. SCULLY PETER G. SEGUIN HEATHER L. SHIBLEY ADAM C. SISCHY CHRISTOPHER S. SMITH CHRISTOPHER A. STETLER ALAN A. STRAWN JIMMY SUVATNE ERIC R. TERPSTRA ANDREW J. TOMPKINS ADELAINE D. TRASK SCOTT A. TRASK EDWARD R. UTZ JAIME VEGA ANGELA G. VIERS DAVID M. VOLK WILLIAM R. VOLK ROBERT B. WALTON ALICIA L. WARNOCK LAUREN A. WEBER NICHOLAS J. WELLS DENNIS A. WHITE COLIN R. YOUNG JERRY YUAN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
JAVIER LOPEZMARTINEZ 
FOREIGN SERVICE  
THE FOLLOWING–NAMED CAREER MEMBERS OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE FOR THE PERSONAL RANK OF CAREER AMBAS-SADOR IN RECOGNITION OF ESPECIALLY DISTINGUISHED SERVICE OVER A SUSTAINED PERIOD: PHILIP S. GOLDBERG, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA DAVID M. HALE, OF NEW JERSEY MICHELE JEANNE SISON, OF MARYLAND DANIEL BENNETT SMITH, OF VIRGINIA f 
CONFIRMATIONS Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate July 18, 2018: 
THE JUDICIARY  
ANDREW S. OLDHAM, OF TEXAS, TO BE UNITED STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE FOR THE FIFTH CIRCUIT. 
IN THE COAST GUARD  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES COAST GUARD RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203(A): 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) ANDREW S. MCKINLEY 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A18JY6.004 S18JYPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1027 July 18, 2018 
HONORING MARGIE ANN LUETKE-MEYER LUEBBERT ON THE CELEBRATION OF HER 90TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 18, 2018 Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Margie Ann Luetkemeyer Luebbert on the celebration of her 90th Birth-day. On August 3, 1928, Margie was born to Henry and Regina Luetkemeyer in Meta, Mis-souri and was a welcomed addition to the families of her beloved grandparents Anton and Anna Luetkemeyer and George and An-gela Dickneite. A joyous union of marriage began when Margie married her late husband Fritz on February 4, 1950. Fritz and Margie welcomed 4 children to their family: Kathy, Steven, Mark, and Kristen. Margie enjoys the love of 11 grandchildren and 18 great-grand-children with 2 more on the way. Throughout the years, Margie worked for Mid-America Bank in Meta. In her retirement, she has been committed to public service in various capacities. The community banks in Meta and Linn have benefited from her bank-ing experience by her service on the board of directors. Margie has also been actively in-volved with the St. Cecelia Parish in Meta and especially enjoys the yearly picnic. Margie and I share a love of baseball and the St. Louis Cardinals along with her favorite college team, the University of Missouri Tigers. The love of sports runs in Margie’s family and many of her children and grandchildren are involved in local and college sports such as: baseball, basketball, and softball. She is their biggest cheerleader at their sporting events. Of her many accomplishments, Margie con-siders one of her greatest to be the organiza-tion of the family reunion for the Anton and Anna Luetkemeyer family in Jefferson City in 1992. It was certainly no small feat with the 15 descendants and their families for a total of over 450 people joining the celebration that day. The reunion was such a grand event the local TV station reported on it during their evening newscast. Mr. Speaker, please join me in wishing Margie Ann Luetkemeyer Luebbert a very Happy 90th Birthday. Best wishes for much happiness and health in the years to come. 
f 
HONORING THE CONTRIBUTIONS OF MR. CRAIG DALBY 
HON. SUZAN K. DelBENE 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 18, 2018 Ms. D
ELBENE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Mr. Craig Dalby of Kirkland, Washington on his retirement from the Na-tional Park Service after 35 years of distin-guished public service. In his role as the Pa-cific West Region Chief of Public Information, Mr. Dalby has liaised with the public as an agency spokesperson and has worked with Members of Congress from the Pacific West to promote and preserve our public lands for future generations. For 23 years, Mr. Dalby served as regional lead for geographic information systems, where he was a pioneer of commercial GIS software that modernized the National Park Service and established the technology as a bureau standard. Because of Craig’s foresight and innovative thinking, the NPS is now a pro-lific user of this and other software that make our preserved lands more accessible to our government and to the public. In addition to these contributions to the Na-tional Park Service, Mr. Dalby also went above and beyond in his service to the Na-tional Geospatial Intelligence Agency. Throughout his career, he has worked to con-serve and improve our North Coast and Cas-cades Network Parks and Puget Sound Basin, which are vital to our Northwest landscape and defining elements of our great states. Mr. Dalby exemplifies the versatility, exper-tise, and dedication of our public servants. I join my colleagues in congratulating him for his achievements and thanking him for his contributions to our western states and to our nation. f 
THE BROTHERHOOD CRUSADE’S HALF CENTURY OF EXCELLENCE 
HON. KAREN BASS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 18, 2018 Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, for fifty years, the Brotherhood Crusade has pursued its vision of South Los Angeles as a safe, thriving, cul-turally relevant, and inclusive community, a community that provides all residents equi-table access to human and social services, a community continually improving its quality of life. On June 15, 2018, the Brotherhood Cru-sade held a gala celebration, and welcomed supporters to the California Science Center, a fitting location given the organization’s unre-lenting focus on education. Founder Walter Bremond, Jr. would surely be proud that the dream he funded with a personal loan has grown to be one of the most effective organi-zations in South Los Angeles, lifting up young Black men and their families and creating countless stories of success. Upon joining forces with Danny J. Bakewell, Sr., Walter’s vision really began to take shape. Together, they designed a viable charitable in-stitution to aid the Black community. Danny Bakewell, Sr. would go on to lead the organi-zation for 35 years with a relentless focus on social justice. In its five decades, the organization has reached hundreds of thousands of under-served and under-represented youth in South Los Angeles. I applaud the organization’s cur-rent leadership by my dear friend, Brotherhood Crusade President and CEO, Charisse Bremond Weaver. Following in the footsteps of her father, Charisse has worked hard to expand services in the 13 years since she donned the mantle of leadership. She has added programs in youth development, educational enrichment, fi-nancial literacy and health education programs that reach thousands of South Los Angeles residents in need. I am pleased and proud to offer my con-gratulations to the Brotherhood Crusade’s leaders, staff, volunteers, participants and alumni, and to call attention to its legacy and accomplishments, as well as its thriving pro-grams and promising future. f 
RECOGNIZING JIM MARKEL AND PERRY JONES 
HON. GREG GIANFORTE 
OF MONTANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 18, 2018 Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor two Montana veterans and entre-preneurs committed to creating good-paying Montana jobs and revitalizing their community. Jim Markel and Perry Jones own Red Oxx Mfg. Inc., a producer and retailer of durable travel bags. Their award-winning products are handcrafted in Montana, have nationwide rec-ognition, and account for over $2.5 million in annual company sales. The U.S. Small Business Administration named Red Oxx Montana’s Veteran-Owned Business of the Year in 2016. CEO Markel served in the U.S. Marine Corps, and com-pany president Jones in the U.S. Navy. The Red Oxx factory and retail store are in a commercial and industrial area east of Bil-lings’ vibrant downtown. Looking to reenergize the neighborhood instead of relocating the business as it grew, Markel served on an advi-sory board of the Billings Industrial Revitaliza-tion District. Improvements guided by the district are at-tracting new businesses, renewing the area, and creating greater opportunity and more jobs. This spring, Markel and Jones broke ground on a project that will transform about half a city block into a large outdoor event center, turning broken asphalt and recycled metal into an open, green space with ornamental fenc-ing, sculptures, and park benches. The event center will host community activi-ties, feature performances, and be available for local nonprofit organizations to hold benefit events. Several years in the making, the event center will play a critical role in further rejuve-nating the neighborhood. Mr. Speaker, for their service to our country, entrepreneurship, and dedication to their com-munity, I recognize Jim Markel and Perry Jones for their spirit of Montana. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18JY8.001 E18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1028 July 18, 2018 
RECOGNIZING S. MARTINELLI & COMPANY 
HON. JIMMY PANETTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 18, 2018 Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize S. Martinelli & Company, a family owned and operated business located in Watsonville, California, as they celebrate their 150th anniversary. Over the past century and a half, Martinelli’s has become a household name across the United States and around the world, known for producing the highest quality sparkling cider and apple juice. Founded in 1868, Martinelli’s has per-severed through two World Wars, Prohibition, the Great Depression, and an increasingly globalized marketplace. Despite having faced radically changing environments and numer-ous challenges, Martinelli’s never altered its mission to produce juices made from one hun-dred percent U.S grown, hand-picked apples, with no chemical preservatives or sweeteners. Though Martinelli’s has adopted techno-logical advances over the years to improve and preserve their fresh apple flavors, they re-main committed to historical traditions of washing, hand-sorting, and freshly pressing each apple. Martinelli’s distinctive and crisp flavor comes from their time-honored blend of locally grown Newtown Pippin, Gala, Fuji, Granny Smith, Jonagold, Mutsu and Honeycrisp apples. John Martinelli, fourth gen-eration family member and CEO of S. Martinelli & Company, tastes every batch of juice produced to ensure its quality meets company standards. Martinelli’s is a Certified Green Company devoted to employing sustainable practices such as recycling, water and energy conserva-tion, and land preservation. Martinelli’s also works closely with local and regional growers to ensure that their products are made with the freshest apples available in the Western U.S. In addition to their focus on environ-mental sustainability, Martinelli’s is developing new organic orchards in order to increase pro-duction of certified organic juices. These initia-tives represent Martinelli’s dedication to pre-serving and expanding the heritage of apple orchards in Pajaro Valley, while enhancing the beauty of the area. We are fortunate to have a family run com-pany like Martinelli’s call the central coast of California home for four generations. Their de-votion to quality of product, sustainability, tra-dition, and community health is unrivaled and has enormously benefited our community. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to recognize S. Martinelli & Company for 150 years of excel-lence in producing apple juice and sparkling cider. 
f 
RECENT ATTACKS AGAINST ISRAEL 
HON. NORMA J. TORRES 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 18, 2018 Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my concern regarding the recent at-tacks on Israel at two of its borders. On Israel’s Northern border, Syrian drones crossed into Israeli airspace; on Israel’s Southern border, Hamas launched more than 200 rockets and mortars from the Gaza Strip. One rocket hit a home; another landed in the courtyard of a Synagogue. These attacks are appalling and unnecessary provocations on Israel. The damage they are doing to Israel is real and should be not only measured in terms of property destroyed, but also the sense of insecurity that Israelis experience every day. This is not the path to peace. I can only imagine the terror and anxiety that we would feel if the United States were attacked at both our borders in a single week. We are fortunate to have good diplomatic and security relations with all our neighbors. Sadly, our close ally Israel does not have the same luxury. I am reminded of my visit to Israel in 2012, at a time when the country was also under attack. I am inspired today, as I was then, by the resolve of the Israeli communities that live across the border from Gaza and Syria. These communities refuse to cower in fear, despite the constant threat of attack. Their reliance is a testament to the spirit of the Israeli people, which we see manifested in so many ways, such as Israel’s economic leader-ship the fields of science, technology, and en-ergy. The United States must continue to stand with Israel. We must work with our allies to curb the aggressive actions of Iran and its proxies, and we must renew our efforts to bring about a resolution of the conflict in Syria, which has allowed Iran to expand its military presence in Syria. At the same time, we must recommit ourselves to supporting a just and lasting peace between Israel and the Palestin-ians. f 
PUNISHING CONTINUED OCCUPATION OF UKRAINE ACT 
HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 18, 2018 Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to in-troduce a bill sanctioning Russia for its contin-ued occupation of Ukraine. This bill sends a strong signal by going after Russian financial institutions, which are one of the few soft areas of Russian President Vladimir Putin’s underbelly. On February 27, 2014, Russia invaded and occupied Ukraine’s Crimea region. Russia continues to ignore the Minsk Agreement and sanctions to date have failed to alter President Putin’s calculations regarding Crimea and eastern Ukraine. Putin’s regime relies on several large finan-cial institutions to implement its policies and keep the regime afloat. That is why I am intro-ducing a bill to impose sanctions on Russian financial institutions. Russia’s continued occupation of Ukraine is intolerable and continued aggression and vio-lation of international norms is unacceptable. Congress must use every tool available to change President Vladimir Putin’s behavior. I want to urge my colleagues to pass this important bill. PERSONAL EXPLANATION HON. BILL HUIZENGA 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 18, 2018 Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today regarding missed votes due to a flight delay. Had I been present for roll call vote number 329, H.R. 4946 to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1075 North Tustin Street in Orange, California, as the ‘‘Specialist Trevor A. Win’E Post Office’’, I would have voted Yea. Had I been present for roll call vote number 330, H.R. 4960 to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 511 East Walnut Street in Columbia, Missouri, as the ‘‘Spc. Sterling Wil-liam Wyatt Post Office Building’’, I would have voted Yea. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
SPEECH OF  
HON. MICHAEL K. SIMPSON 
OF IDAHO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 17, 2018 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 6147) making ap-propriations for the Department of the Inte-rior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes: 
Mr. SIMPSON. Madam Chair, I rise today in support of the Interior and Environment and Related Agencies Appropriations bill. I applaud Chairman C
ALVERT and his staff, along with Ranking Member M
CCOLLUM and her team for crafting a responsible bill. As a former chairman of this subcommittee, I know firsthand the challenges assembling this bill presents. There are diverse views across the United States on how our public lands and environment should be managed. For those of us that represent states with high percentages of federal lands—more than 60 percent in Idaho—you would be hard pressed to find a more important bill in Congress. The bill before us today addresses the most important issues in Idaho. Perhaps most pressing is the need to adequately fund wild-fire suppression and prevention. If you look at the National Interagency Fire Center (NIFC) outlook map, it indicates that almost my entire district is at an increased fire threat during July and August. Sadly, this has been the new normal. The bill under consideration today address-es this by fully funding the 10 year average for wildfire suppression and provides an additional $500 million to combat this growing threat. It also provides increased funding for prevention efforts. Next year, relief is on the way in the form of my Wildfire Disaster Funding Act, which will treat catastrophic fires like natural disasters. This will set us on a path to reduce the threat of wildfires and allow land managers to do the prevention work without their re-sources being stolen to fight fires. The bill also contains many other important provisions: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K18JY8.005 E18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1029 July 18, 2018 
Provides Funding for PILT that is vitally im-portant in Idaho for rural counties that depend on it. Establishes certainty for biomass which is critical to the landscape of our forests. Rolls back regulations like the previous Ad-ministration’s ‘‘Waters of the United States’’ rule. Provides increased funding to address the $12 billion backlog in to our National Parks. Provides $2.6 billion for the Clean Water and Drinking Water State Revolving Loan fund, which states and localities use for water infrastructure projects. The list goes on, but the underlying point is the Interior and Environment bill is a critical piece of legislation, especially for those of us in western states. I want to reiterate my appre-ciation to Chairman C
ALVERT and his staff of Dave LesStrang, Darren Benjamin, Betsy Bina, Jaclyn Kilroy, Kristin Richmond, Ian Foley, and Mac Cloyes. Their late nights and early mornings have produced a product that members of Congress, particularly in the west, should be proud of. I urge my colleagues to support this meas-ure. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
SPEECH OF  
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 17, 2018 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 6147) making ap-propriations for the Department of the Inte-rior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes: 
Mr. POE of Texas. Madam Chair, I would like to thank Chairman C
ALVERT for his great work on this bill, and my colleague Mr. O
LSON  for his support of this amendment. My amendment would simply reduce the National Recreation and Preservation account by $20 million, and then increase it by the same amount with the intent of using these funds to increase the budget of the National Maritime Heritage grant program. This program provides federal funding for local and state operated maritime educational exhibits and preservation projects. The United States has a rich history of mari-time excellence that has played an important role in the U.S. becoming the powerful nation that it is today. It is important that we preserve these great ships rather than let them fall into disrepair. It is an insult to their legacy to let them sink rather than help them stay afloat. For example, right outside my district back in Texas floats the Battleship Texas, the last great dreadnought. But maybe not for long. Growing up, I always looked forward to vis-iting the Battleship. My best friend and I would climb from top to bottom, firing every gun and squeezing down every port hole. When commissioned in 1914 she was the most powerful war ship the world had ever seen. She was the first of her kind to mount anti- aircraft guns, use commercial radar, and launch an aircraft. As the flagship of the U.S. fleet, she bat-tered the Nazi defenses during the D-Day in-vasion at Normandy and also helped the inva-sions of Iwo Jima and Okinawa. Then, at the end of the war, she made three trips to bring American servicemen back home. Today, she serves as a museum and a re-minder of wars long past. Nearly 70 years after school children used nickels and dimes to pay for her move to her namesake state, here she still floats, but maybe not for long. The Texas Department of Parks and Wildlife has jurisdiction of the battle wagon, but state funding has been sporadic and federal funding non-existent. That is where this amendment comes into play. We owe it to the Texans who served to save the Battleship Texas. This battleship, like so many battlefields and sacred, historical landmarks across our coun-try, is consecrated with the blood of Ameri-cans. Without the Texas, things might have gone a little bit differently for us at D-Day or in the Pacific Theater. And that’s just the way it is. f 
HONORING THE HEROIC MOYER BROTHERS 
HON. SEAN P. DUFFY 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 18, 2018 Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I proudly rise today to celebrate and commemorate the service of the seven Moyer brothers who fought in World War II. For a single family to send seven members to serve our nation in its time of need, they must have had a great love for America and what it stands for. Franklin, Charles, Hile, James, Jay, Leon-ard, and Leslie, the children of Charles and Nina Moyer, were born and raised in Bass Lake Township, Washburn County. The broth-ers represented Wisconsin in almost every distinct branch of the military, serving in the Navy, Army, Merchant Marines, and Army Air Corps. It is with great gratitude that I recognize these fine men who have made not only Wis-consin proud, but also the nation as a whole. Seven brothers. Seven stories. Seven im-measurable contributions to freedom, all from Wisconsin’s 7th Congressional District. On behalf of my family and Wisconsinites in every corner of our state, I would like to ex-press my sincerest thanks to the Moyer broth-ers for their service to our nation when we needed them the most. 
f 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO DR. MACK MORRIS ON 50 YEARS OF MIN-ISTRY 
HON. BRADLEY BYRNE 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 18, 2018 Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay trib-ute to Dr. Mack Morris on his 50 years of min-istry. Dr. Mack Morris currently serves as the Senior Pastor of Woodridge Baptist Church in Mobile, Alabama. Dr. Morris, a native of Dothan, Alabama, has faithfully served the Lord, our local com-munity, the people of Alabama, and beyond for over half a century. Dr. Morris felt the call of the Lord and surrendered to the ministry at Maple Avenue Baptist Church in Geneva, Ala-bama in 1967. He was licensed to preach at the White House Baptist Church in Bay Mi-nette, Alabama in 1968. Within his period of dedicated service, Dr. Morris was called and served faithfully at all the following churches in Alabama: White House Baptist, Bethel Baptist, Tillman’s Cor-ner Baptist, Heritage Baptist, Old Spanish Fort Baptist, Jubilee Baptist, and Woodridge Bap-tist. Dr. Morris has been a supportive, faithful, and loyal advocate for his community through-out his ministry. Dr. Morris has served on the Alabama State Board of Missions and Executive Board of the Alabama Baptist State Convention, as Moder-ator of the Mobile Baptist Association, as the first president of the Board of Regents at the University of Mobile, and as a trustee at the University of Mobile for eleven years. During his 50 years of ministry, Dr. Morris has spread the Word of the Lord and His Sav-ing Grace by officiating over 165 weddings, conducting over 547 funerals, and has seen the salvation and baptism of over 2,500 men, women, and children. On behalf of Alabama’s First Congressional District and the countless people his ministry has impacted, I want to recognize and share my deep gratitude with Dr. Mack Morris for his tireless service to our community. f 
IN MEMORY OF CHESTER ‘‘CHET’’ MORGAN 
HON. JOE COURTNEY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 18, 2018 Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of a man I have been fortunate enough to call neighbor and friend. Chester ‘‘Chet’’ Morgan, of Vernon, Con-necticut, left this earth on Saturday after a life-time of service to his community, his state and his nation. I’d like to take a few moments to reflect on his generosity and service. Born in Manchester, CT, Chet Morgan’s selfless life was inspired by President John F. Kennedy’s 1961 inaugural call to action in which he asked not what our country could do for us, but what we could do for our country. For not only his country, but also his state, town and family, Chet did a great many good works. In addition to his career with the Con-necticut Department of Transportation, Chet served as a sergeant major in the 169th Infan-try Battalion of the Connecticut National Guard for 30 years. He spent several of those years as his unit’s First Sergeant at Connecticut’s National Guard headquarters in Hartford and retired at the rank of sergeant major. It seems this line of work was Chet’s true vocation and in 2017 he was inducted into the Connecticut Veterans Hall of Fame for his years of service in and outside of the Guard. Chet felt loyalty not only to his country, but to his state. In 1976 he was elected to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18JY8.002 E18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1030 July 18, 2018 
Connecticut State Legislature as the rep-resentative from the 56th district, his home-town of Vernon. He served until 1983 and the highlights of his tenure include supporting im-portant legislation that provided a greater qual-ity of life for Connecticut’s citizenry through improvements like smoke-free restaurants and free tuition for Connecticut National Guards-man attending state colleges and universities. Chet was also a staunch advocate for work-ing families during his time in the legislature. In the 1960s he was a member of the Inter-national Association of Machinists while em-ployed at Pratt & Whitney Aircraft. He was a courageous leader in a difficult strike in that era, and he and his closest friend, Chuck Har-low, manned the picket lines at the height of the struggles. He enjoyed telling those stories in the later years, particularly after Chuck passed away suddenly in the 1980s. In 1986 when I launched my first campaign for the legislative seat Chet had held earlier, he generously helped me win that race, which I will never forget. Later as a candidate for the Second Congressional District, Chet volun-teered to drive me to political events and of-fered valuable counsel during the long hours we spent together on the road. Chet was also very involved in local govern-ment and community organizations. He served four terms on the Vernon Town Council and was chairman of the Vernon Planning and Zoning Committee in 2011 and 2012. He was actively involved in the Connecticut State Em-ployees Association Local 2001, the Rockville American Legion Post 14, and the Rockville Lodge of Elks No. 1359, where he was recog-nized as Veteran Volunteer of the Year by the Elks National Veterans Service Commission. And while I’m sure this comes as a surprise to no one, Chet was a model family man. He and his wife Sylvia celebrated their 60th wed-ding anniversary last year. Together they raised three children, Kevin, Daniel and Laura Beth who collectively gifted them with 16 grandchildren and great-grandchildren. It’s clear Chet impressed the importance of serv-ice upon his children and grandchildren, as several of them have followed in his footsteps of service to this country. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to please join me in honoring Chet Morgan, a man to whom we can all look as a model of leader-ship and service. Chet’s loss will be felt for years to come but his legacy will endure for much longer. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MICHAEL K. SIMPSON 
OF IDAHO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 18, 2018 Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, for personal reasons, I was unable to vote yesterday, July 17, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted: Yea on Roll Call No. 331; Yea on Roll Call No. 332; Yea on Roll Call No. 333; Yea on Roll Call No. 334; and Yea on Roll Call No. 335. RUSSIA ENERGY INTERESTS IN EUROPE HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 18, 2018 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, control of en-ergy equals national security. I rise to warn how Russia through hybrid warfare seeks to destabilize and divide our closest European Allies through control of their energy supply. As Americans well know, who-ever controls the energy spigot, controls the function of a nation. Russia uses its growing dominance of energy in Europe as its primary pressure point to destabilize the West and our alliances. That is why I was floored that President Trump inserted himself so haphazardly into Europe’s energy debate. Nord Stream II poses new, troubling dependency threats by Russia on Europe’s energy security. It boosts undemocratic Russia’s claw hold on the European continent. Russia is weaponizing energy in countries across Europe, including Germany and Ukraine, creating a dangerous new depend-ency by recipient nations. The fight for Ukraine’s liberty depends on its energy inde-pendence in the future. The free world must help Europe and Ukraine to reduce their eco-nomic reliance on Russian gas. Risking alienation of nations that share free-dom’s values is counterproductive. It aids and abets our enemies. I include in the R
ECORD President Trump’s and Putin’s comments. 
EXCERPT OF PRESIDENT TRUMP ’S AND PRESI-
DENT PUTIN’SPRESS CONFERENCE FOL-
LOWING THEIR SUMMIT IN HELSINKI , JULY 2018 
RESPONSES TO A QUESTION ABOUT ENERGY IN  
EUROPE AND THE NORDSTREAM II PIPELINE  
PROJECT  Trump: Well, actually I called him a com-petitor. And a good competitor he is. And I think the word ‘‘competitor’’ is a com-pliment. I think that we will be completing when you talk about the pipeline. I’m not sure, necessarily, that it’s in the best inter-ests of Germany or not, but that was a deci-sion that they made. We’ll be competing—as you know, the United States is now—or soon will be, but I think it actually is right now the largest in the oil and gas world. So we’re going to be selling LNG, and we’ll have to be competing with the pipeline and I think we’ll compete successfully, although there is a little advantage locationally. So I just wish them luck. I mean, I did. I discussed with Angela Merkel in pretty strong tones. But I also know where they’re all coming from and they have a very close source. So we’ll see how that all works out. Putin: We are aware of the stance of Presi-dent Trump, and I think that we, as a major oil and gas power, and the United States as a major oil and gas power as well, we could work together on regulation of international markets, because neither of us is actually in-terested in the plummeting of the prices. And the consumers will suffer as well, and the consumers in the United States will suf-fer as well. And the shale gas production will suffer. Because beyond a sudden price break-up (ph), it’s no longer profitable to—to produce gas. But nor we are interested in driving prices up, because it will drain just as—just as from all other sectors of the economy, from (in-audible) building (ph), et cetera. So we do have space for cooperation here. That’s the first thing. Then about the Nord Stream 2, Mr. Presi-dent voiced his concerns about the possi-bility of disappearance of transit through Ukraine. And I reassured Mr. President that Russia stands ready to maintain this transit. Moreover, we stand ready to extend this transit contract that’s about to expire next year in case—if the dispute between the eco-nomic entitles—dispute will be settled in the Stockholm arbitration court. f H.R. 3030, H.R. 5480, H.R. 5105, H.R. 4819 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 18, 2018 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, yesterday we voted on a number of critical pieces of legislation. One of these, which I supported, was H.R. 3030, the Elie Wiesel Genocide and Atrocities Prevention Act of 2017, sponsored by my friend A
NNWAGNER . This bill will strengthen our efforts to antici-pate, prevent, and mitigate genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes. Our Foreign Service officers are often on the front lines where there is a risk or reality of atrocity crimes. H.R. 3030 will ensure they have the right training to recognize and re-spond to early warning signs of such crimes. This legislation will also strengthen Congres-sional oversight by requiring the President to annually report on what is happening on the ground, how the United States has responded, and recommendations for strengthening U.S. response. I was proud to cosponsor this bill and I commend my colleagues for supporting it. I commend my colleague for naming this bill after the late, iconic Holocaust survivor Elie Wiesel. He spoke so powerfully about the unique, persistent evil of anti-Semitism that generated the Holocaust, warning that ‘‘the antisemite is by definition ideologically fanatic and pathologically racist . . . an antisemite is someone who has never met me, never heard of me, yet he hates me.’’ Mr. Wiesel and I worked together at the his-toric 2004 Berlin conference of the Organiza-tion for Security and Cooperation in Europe. There 55 participating governments committed to specific, significant actions to combat anti- Semitism. They were following the parliamen-tary movement to get the OSCE to fully and forcefully fight anti-Semitism. That movement originated in a Helsinki Commission hearing I chaired in May 2002 and I was proud to lead this movement together with parliamentarians from Germany, the UK, and France. In his Berlin keynote address, Mr. Wiesel said, ‘‘We know . . . that anti-Semitism is dangerous not only to Jews but to countries too, where it is allowed to flourish . . . When a Jew is slapped in the face, humankind itself falls to ground . . . Antisemitism is rooted in hatred; its language is a language of hatred, it doctrine is filled with hatred—and hatred by its nature, always runs overboard, crossing geographical boundaries and ethnic affili-ations. It is a contagious disease.’’ Mr. Speaker, Mr. Wiesel also dedicated his life to the prevention of other genocides, call-ing for action to prevent genocides in Bosnia, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18JY8.006 E18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1031 July 18, 2018 
Rwanda, and Sudan. Yet another genocide was committed after Sudan, this one against Christians, Yazidis, and other religious and ethnic minorities in Iraq and Syria by ISIS. The survival of these ancient communities depends on humanitarian, stabilization, and recovery assistance from the United States and other countries. Last June this house unanimously passed H.R. 390, the Iraq and Syria Genocide Emer-gency Relief and Accountability Act, so that our aid reaches the genocide survivors and perpetrators are held accountable. The Senate has still not been given the opportunity to vote on this urgently needed legislation. I again call for the Senate to pass H.R. 390 now and send it to the President for his signature. This legis-lation will significantly strengthen the ongoing efforts of his Administration to directly help Christian and Yazidi genocide survivors at risk of extinction. Another critical piece of legislation for which I voted in support was the Women’s Entrepre-neurship and Economic Empowerment Act, H.R. 5480. Chairman R
OYCE ’s Women’s Entrepreneur-ship and Economic Empowerment Act ex-pands, and improves upon, our previous mi-croenterprise legislation. By way of back-ground, the Committee on Foreign Affairs has a long history in this field, dating back at least to former chairman Ben Gilman’s Microenter-prise for Self-Reliance and International Anti- Corruption Act of 2000. I myself introduced the Microenterprise Results and Accountability Act of 2004, and a bill that amended the 2000 leg-islation, both of which became law. In keeping with a deeper understanding of how to combat poverty and maintaining a needed focus on women, Chairman R
OYCE ’s bill broadens the scope from microenterprise to include small and medium enterprises. While it is important to make sure that the very poor are not being neglected, small and medium enterprises help power development and thereby empower the poor. Thus I encour-aged all to support H.R. 5480 and the House voted to pass the legislation. Mr. Speaker, I also supported H.R. 5105, the BUILD Act. I thank my friend and colleague, Mr. T
ED Y
OHO of Florida, for offering this critical and vi-sionary legislation. This legislation will mod-ernize development finance to benefit the de-veloping world, consistent with U.S. policy ob-jectives. To cite one critical component, the BUILD Act serves to counteract China’s strategy in Africa, which uses development finance as a means to serve China’s ends, even if that means propping up brutal dictators. I thank Chairman E
DROYCE for his leader-ship in guiding this legislation through the For-eign Affairs Committee, and for his respon-siveness to concerns I had relayed, relating to China. In particular, I appreciate changes made to the initial draft of this bill concerning the denominating of future loans in foreign cur-rencies. While the International Development Fi-nance Corporation that this legislation would create needs to have flexibility, including issuing loans in foreign currencies, we must remember it is also the long-term geostrategic goal of China, Russia, and certain other coun-tries to replace the dollar as the world’s re-serve currency. I therefore appreciate Chairman ROYCE ’s amended text, which adds, ‘‘Foreign currency denominated loans and guaranties should only be provided if the Board determines there is a substantive policy rationale for such loans and guaranties.’’ Beyond this, however, there should be a clear policy statement on the importance and overall strategic interest in retaining the dollar as the world’s reserve currency. Indeed, ear-lier this year, China met with central bankers from 14 African nations to discuss the viability of using China’s yuan as the reserve currency for the region. This nonetheless underscores the urgency for creating an International Development Fi-nance Corporation, which the BUILD Act ac-complishes, while underscoring the need for policy guidance that loans in foreign cur-rencies not be used to undermine reserve dol-lar dominance. I further voiced support of H.R. 4819, the DELTA Act, introduced by my friend and col-league Mr. J
EFFFORTENBERRY of Nebraska, of which I was a cosponsor. There is much in this bill to recommend it— from prioritizing anti-poaching and wildlife traf-ficking efforts in the greater Okavango River Basin, to helping preserve the majestic ele-phant and other endangered species, to pro-viding sustainable livelihoods for local commu-nities. One other aspect of this bill which I high-lighted was that it enables us to partner with, and coordinate efforts with, the countries of Botswana, Namibia and Angola. Botswana and Namibia in particular are two countries which are often overlooked, but which have made great strides in recent years towards becoming responsible partners. Both are, in the context of Africa, good places in which to do business, and should be com-mended for their efforts in improving govern-ance. Their partnership in the greater Okavango initiative underscores this trend. Angola is a nation which, after decades of civil war followed by strongman rule, is begin-ning to tackle corruption under new President Joa˜o Lourenc¸o. While it remains to be seen how far and how quickly Angola can go to-ward becoming a reliable partner and a coun-try in which to do business, its inclusion as a DELTA Act partner country is a sign of con-fidence in the future. I urged my colleagues to support the DELTA Act, and it also passed the House yes-terday. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL TRIBUTE FOR THE EMPLOYEES OF FLEET READINESS CENTER-EAST IN HONOR OF THEIR 75TH ANNIVER-SARY 
HON. WALTER B. JONES 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 18, 2018 Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to recognize a vital strategic asset for Marine aviation. Fleet Readiness Center-East (FRC- East) has been generating combat air power for America’s Marines and naval forces for 75 years. The organizational history begins De-cember 16, 1943, when it opened as the As-sembly and Repair Department at Marine Corps Air Station, Cherry Point, North Carolina to perform aircraft maintenance for the air sta-tion and nearby airfields. After distinguished and commendable serv-ice in the final years of World War II, the facili-ty’s name changed to the Overhaul and Re-pair Department. With the advent of the jet age, the depot continued to expand to meet the needs of combat aviation during the Ko-rean War. In the mid-1960s, the Depot specialized in Navy and Marine Corps rework and had be-come a vital source in supporting fleet oper-ations during the Vietnam War. In 1967, the facility was organizationally detached from Ma-rine Corps Air Station, Cherry Point and placed under Navy management as a naval air rework facility. In 1968, the facility ranked as the second largest industrial plant in North Carolina. The late 1970s saw significant changes and modernization for the facility. It was during this period that the facility attained the highest de-gree of productivity in its history. The Depot received numerous awards for excellence in productivity and cost reduction. During the 1980s and 1990s, the Depot re-ceived many upgrades to improve productivity, support and expand the aviation capabilities to keep current with new technology and work-load. In November 1987, a team departed for the third time in history to Antarctica to repair an aircraft that had crashed nearly 16 years earlier. The facility was then renamed the Naval Aviation Depot. The Depot provided assistance to the fleet in Operations Desert Shield/Desert Storm in Iraq with field team deployments to various lo-cations for engines, components, aircraft, ground support equipment and squadron sup-port. Since this time, FRC-East supported the War in Iraq and Afghanistan and the Global War on Terrorism. Today, FRC-East has grown to become the largest industrial employer east of Interstate 95 with 119 buildings and 2.1 million square feet, spanning over 147 acres valued at $1.36 billion. The workforce includes more than 3,900 employees, which provide aircraft, en-gine and component maintenance, engineer-ing and logistics support for U.S. forces and 24 foreign nations. On this 75th anniversary year, I would like to thank the outstanding employees of FRC- East for their continued outstanding service and support to our nation, our allies, and its Eastern North Carolina community. I wish FRC-East continued success for its next 75 years of support to our warfighters. f 
HONORING THE RETIREMENT OF ED KIRKWOOD 
HON. MIKE KELLY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 18, 2018 Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize one of my constituents from Butler, Pennsylvania, Mr. Ed Kirkwood. This Friday, July 20th, Ed will be retiring fol-lowing over 34 years of commendable public service. Ed has proudly served as the Butler Town-ship Manager for the last 10 years. In this role, Ed oversaw the day-to-day operations of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18JY8.009 E18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1032 July 18, 2018 
Butler Township while spearheading various projects and serving as the administrative offi-cer of the township. Prior to this position, Ed spent over 18 years managing the City of Lower Burrell—Where he made a positive and lasting impact that can still be felt today. Throughout his tenure, Ed has displayed an admirable work ethic and a sincere desire to make a difference. His stewardship of Butler Township has resulted not only in continued prosperity of its businesses and residents, but also transformed the overall professional envi-ronment. Local officials have a direct impact on residents through a number of capacities, which Ed realized and cherished. Regardless of the situation or circumstances, Ed always remained resilient and kept the township on the right path—Focusing on the best interests of the people he felt privileged to represent. Though he made a career for himself in public service, Ed still managed to give back to his community as a volunteer. He has par-ticipated on a number of boards and served as a member of numerous committees, con-tinuously striving to make a difference and better the lives of others. Ed participated in the committees that were formed to rewrite and modernize both the First and Third Class Township Codes, which eventually granted cit-ies legal authority to operate in an efficient manner. In addition, Ed was the Director of the ‘‘U- Comp Board’’ which was developed to assist municipalities and authorities across the state with unemployment solutions and assistance. Ed served on the Little League Board of Direc-tors for nearly 20 years and volunteered as a mentor for individuals who committed first time offenses. Ed’s decades of service prove him to be a leader in every sense of the word. I am grate-ful to represent such a service-minded indi-vidual who has been both honorable and ef-fective. Under his management, Butler Town-ship has flourished while residents and busi-ness have been enriched. Ed is the epitome of a devoted public serv-ant and his strong leadership has provided a solid vision for Butler Township. His unique people skills, thoughtfulness and integrity have resulted in many years of professional and in-valuable service for which he will be remem-bered. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Ed Kirk-wood for his lifelong dedication to public serv-ice and for all of the work he has done to bet-ter the community. Furthermore, I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives join me in congratulating Ed on his well-earned retirement and wishing him the best of luck in his future endeavors. 
f 
HONORING COLONEL ROGER DONLON 
HON. JOHN J. FASO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 18, 2018 Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize and honor Colonel Roger Donlon for his exemplary service to our nation. A native of Saugerties, New York, Mr. Donlon bravely served our country in the U.S. Army for thirty years. Though his humility, fierce loyalty, and steadfast patriotism, Mr. Donlon has redefined bravery and showed us that our freedoms have not come without many sacrifices. In May 1964, Mr. Donlon was sent to Viet-nam as Captain of the U.S. Army 7th Special Forces Team A–726 assigned to defend Camp Nam Dong. In the early hours of July 6, 1964, a Viet Cong battalion unleashed a sur-prise attack on Camp N am Dong. Throughout the five-hour battle, Mr. Donlon remained fo-cused and determined, swiftly repositioning himself around the camp, directing counterfire, giving his men encouragement, and even pro-viding care to the wounded despite his own in-juries. His valiant efforts in the face of Viet Cong aggression made Mr. Donlon the first person to receive the Medal of Honor, the mili-tary’s highest decoration, in the Vietnam War. Although Mr. Donlon’s formal service in the U.S. Army has ended, his service to our coun-try continues today. Through his active in-volvement with the Medal of Honor Founda-tion’s Medal of Honor Character Development Program, the Westmoreland Scholar Founda-tion, as well as regularly talking to students and servicemen and women, Mr. Donlon is an important role model for our communities, our military, and the next generation of soldiers. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in honoring Colonel Roger Donlon on his lifetime of hard work and dedicated service to the United States. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 18, 2018 Mr. GUTIE´RRIEZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House Chamber Roll Call votes 331 through 335 on Tuesday, July 17, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Nay’’ on Roll Call votes 331 and 332, and ‘‘Yea’’ on Roll Call votes 333, 334, and 335. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO IOWA SELECT FARMS AND THE DEB AND JEFF HAN-SEN FOUNDATION 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 18, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Iowa Se-lect Farms and the Deb and Jeff Hansen Foundation for being honored by the Army Na-tional Guard for their outstanding support of Army Guard Soldiers across the state of Iowa. Iowa Select Farms has been honoring Iowa’s soldiers for 12 years now by distrib-uting pork and pork products to all military families during the holidays. Lieutenant Gen-eral Timothy J. Kadavy, director of the Army National Guard, noted the ‘‘positive impact’’ that employers such as the Deb and Jeff Han-sen Foundation have on Soldiers’ lives and thanked those ‘‘who do so much for the men and women who serve in the Army National Guard.’’ Mr. Speaker, it is with great honor that I rec-ognize Iowa Select Farms and the Deb and Jeff Hansen Foundation today. I know that my colleagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives join me in applauding their ongo-ing support of our military members. f 
HONORING CHIEF IRA LEWIS 
HON. WALTER B. JONES 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 18, 2018 Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, I am extremely proud to rise today to honor the life and ac-complishments of Chief Ira Lewis (USCG, re-tired) of Harker’s Island, North Carolina, and recognize his turning 100 years old on August 2, 2018. On Saturday, August 18, 2018, the Town of Harker’s Island and the surrounding community will formally honor Chief Lewis as their oldest living citizen. The celebration will include a United States Coast Guard reunion, parade, and recognition ceremony. Ira Lewis was born on Harker’s Island on August 2, 1918. At the age of 16, he had to make the difficult decision to leave school early in order to support his family. Having four brothers that served either in the Coast Guard or Navy, Ira followed suit and joined the United States Coast Guard in 1938, serving diligently until his retirement on August 1, 1959. From his enlistment through March 1957, Chief Lewis’ assignments included Sta-tions Bellport, Ditch Plans, Forge River, Rock-away Atlantic Beach, Smith’s Point, Napeague and Moriches Lifeboat Station. From March 1957 until his retirement on August 1, 1959, Chief Lewis served as the lighthouse keeper at Montauk Lighthouse, Long Island, N.Y. After retirement, Chief Lewis returned home to Harker’s Island, North Carolina and began to build his family home with his own hands. This home would house his wife, Maggie; son, Phil; and daughter, Ann. After completing his home, Chief Lewis went to work at the com-missary aboard Marine Corps Air Station, Cherry Point for eleven years. Upon com-pleting his career at the commissary, he start-ed a commercial fishing business, where he piloted two vessels, and persevered through that often challenging career for twenty-three years. As the commercial industry began to de-cline, Chief Lewis looked for a new path, and decided to give back to his community. He went on to serve with several boards and community improvement teams. Of note was the Carteret County Harbor Committee, which helped secure funding to upgrade harbors for commercial fishers. Chief Lewis also worked with a team to initiate the Veterans’ Memorial Project, which now stands on the grounds of the Harker’s Island Elementary School. As a result of his years of service, Chief Lewis was awarded the prestigious and exclu-sive Order of the Long Leaf Pine in 2013 by the Governor of North Carolina. This award is presented to individuals who have a proven record of extraordinary service to the state. That same year, he was honored with a United States Coast Guard Medallion in rec-ognition of his 95th birthday. A revered man, the Core Sound Waterfowl Museum of Harker’s Island also hosts a permanent Life Saving Service and United States Coast Guard display in honor of Chief Lewis’ many contributions during his career. Chief Lewis has given his life to public serv-ice through his career with the United States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18JY8.011 E18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1033 July 18, 2018 
Coast Guard and his work in the community. In recognition of his long life and commitment to service of our nation and fellow Americans, I wish to recognize Chief Ira Lewis. 
f 
RECOGNIZING AND CELEBRATING INTEL CORPORATION’S 50TH AN-NIVERSARY 
HON. ZOE LOFGREN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 18, 2018 Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, along with my colleagues A
NNA ESHOO and R
OKHANNA , to recognize and celebrate Intel Corporation’s 50th anniversary. Intel who some call the ‘‘most important company in the world,’’ has long been an enormously signifi-cant company of the global digital economy. On July 18, 1968—50 years ago today— Intel was founded by semiconductor pioneers Bob Noyce and Gordon Moore. One of their first hires was Andy Grove—a refugee who had immigrated from communist-controlled Hungary at the age of 20. He finished his edu-cation in the United States at the City College of New York and the University of California, Berkeley. Intel initially set about making mem-ory chips, but within three years had invented the very first microprocessor. For the next thir-ty years, Noyce, Moore, and Grove were suc-cessive CEOs of Intel, during which the com-pany’s innovative, cutting-edge research, and industry leading technology profoundly changed how the world connected, commu-nicated, and did business. Starting with just 12 employees at its founding in 1968, Intel has now grown to be the largest semiconductor manufacturer in the world, with over one hun-dred thousand employees globally. Since its founding, Intel products pushed the envelope in terms of what computers and microprocessors could achieve. Today, Intel and its founders are rightfully considered icons in Silicon Valley. Bob Noyce and Gordon Moore’s decision to strike out on their own with a plan to pursue superior technology helped ignite the startup culture that still de-fines Silicon Valley to this day. Bob Noyce earned his nickname as ‘‘Mayor of Silicon Val-ley,’’ and was instrumental in crafting the cas-ual, hands-on work environment that remains the standard in Silicon Valley. He provided counsel to countless younger CEO’s, among them Steve Jobs. Gordon Moore is the re-nowned author of ‘‘Moore’s Law,’’ the guiding principle of the semiconductor industry, which predicts a doubling of the number of transis-tors on an integrated circuit every two years. Remarkably, that standard still holds true today. Andy Grove’s encouragement of inno-vation, risk-taking, and open communication drove the company to ever-higher levels of success and competitiveness, and has had a lasting impact on the culture of Silicon Valley. For the past 50 years, Intel has been an en-gine of innovation in Silicon Valley. Just last week, the San Jose Mercury News reported that—were the San Francisco Bay Area a na-tion of its own—it would be the 19th largest economy in the world. The astounding suc-cess of Silicon Valley can be attributed to many things, but few companies have played such an integral role in the early molding of Silicon Valley into the worldwide leader of in-novation and technology it is today. Bob Noyce, Gordon Moore, and Andy Grove built a legacy and a company to be proud of, and we join in offering our sincere congratulations to the Intel Corporation for their 50 years of in-novation and excellence. f 
IN APPRECIATION OF CALVIN MITCHELL AND HIS SERVICE TO THE HOMELAND SECURITY COM-MITTEE 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 18, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, as the Ranking Member of the Committee on Homeland Security, I rise to express my appreciation of Mr. Calvin Mitchell upon the conclusion of his service to the Committee as a Congressional Fellow. Since joining the Committee this past No-vember, Mr. Mitchell has made valuable con-tributions to our legislative and oversight work by sharing his considerable knowledge of fed-eral acquisitions. He has been a reliable re-source to our staff on all Department of Home-land Security acquisition-related matters. Addi-tionally, during his tenure on the Committee, Mr. Mitchell was deeply involved in our over-sight of the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s response to Hurricane Maria which devastated Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Is-lands. Additionally, he helped develop innova-tive approaches to promote federal procure-ment opportunities for small businesses and enhance the participation of Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCU) in federal acquisitions. Throughout his time on the Committee, Mr. Mitchell has displayed a high degree of pro-fessionalism and personal commitment to pro-viding Members of the Committee and staff valuable insight and information. In all of this, Calvin has demonstrated benevolence, vitality, and enthusiasm, which has helped all of us enormously. We thank Calvin for his service to the Com-mittee and our country and wish him the very best as he returns to the General Services Ad-ministration. 
f 
THE DEVASTATING IMPACT OF THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION’S AUTO TARIFFS ON ALABAMA 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 18, 2018 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to address the U.S. Department of Commerce Section 232 investigation into auto-mobile imports and the negative impact that it could have on Alabama’s economy. In my dis-trict, I have both a Hyundai and Mercedes auto manufacturing facility. Not only do they produce cars for the U.S. and foreign markets, but they provide thousands of high paying jobs for my constituents. Last year alone inter-national automakers invested $10.2 billion in the state of Alabama, employing more than 80,000 citizens, and providing good wages and benefits to their employees. On May 23rd, Secretary Wilbur Ross an-nounced that the Commerce Department would begin an investigation into whether im-ports of automobiles and auto parts threaten national security. However, before the Depart-ment of Commerce could begin their investiga-tion, President Trump delegitimized the entire process by prematurely stating that he wanted a 25 percent tariff on automotive imports. We now know that this investigation is just a jus-tification for this administration’s desire to im-plement 19th century style tariffs on America’s allies around the globe. The Peterson Institute for International Eco-nomics predicts that if the new auto tariffs are implemented, the United States will lose 624,000 jobs and production would fall by 4 percent. As Members of Congress, we cannot stand by and allow this administration’s de-structive trade policies to hurt American work-ers. As a result, I led a bipartisan letter, co-signed by 149 Members of Congress, to Sec-retary of Commerce Wilbur Ross expressing concern with the Section 232 investigation into auto imports. The letter highlights the auto in-dustry’s importance to working families and the nation’s economy, as well as the vast net-work of international suppliers that the industry relies on to stay competitive. I strongly urge the Trump Administration to think carefully about the impact of the autos 232 investigation, and the devastating effect tariffs could have on American workers. Rath-er than endangering American jobs through a trade war with our allies, we need to strength-en our trading relationships to better position U.S. workers in the global marketplace. f 
HONORING THE BIRTH OF NELSON MANDELA 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 18, 2018 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today marks 100 years since the birth of famed political leader and philan-thropist, Nelson Mandela. Often referred to as the ‘‘Father of the Nation,’’ Mandela is best known for serving as South Africa’s first black head of state and using his administration to dismantle the strict system of apartheid that existed in South Africa from 1948 until the mid-1990s. Since that time, Mandela has be-come a global icon of democracy and social justice, which is relevant even today as we continue to wrestle with our own issues of divi-siveness and racial disparities. Mandela began his activism at a relatively young age. While studying law at the Univer-sity of Witwatersrand in Johannesburg, Mandela quickly became involved in a move-ment fighting against racial discrimination. In 1944, Mandela joined the African National Congress (ANC) and worked to establish its youth league, the ANCYL, in order to help fos-ter new leaders and call for civil disobedience against the new laws that came with apart-heid. By 1961, Mandela co-founded an armed wing of the ANC once the government would not respond to peaceful demands for equality. Mandela was ultimately imprisoned for nearly three decades, where he was subjected to in-humane punishment and other atrocities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18JY8.015 E18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1034 July 18, 2018 
Once Mandela was released from prison, he quickly moved to lead the ANC in negotiations with the governing National Party to bring an end to apartheid. By May 10, 1994, Mandela was elected and sworn in as the first black president of South Africa—a position he would use to bring peace and equality to the nation. After leaving office, he continued to help ad-dress global issues through direct intervention and through the Nelson Mandela Foundation. Nelson Mandela died on December 5, 2013, after a long and fruitful life. Mr. Speaker, Nelson Mandela left behind a lasting legacy that will continue to inspire gen-erations to come. It is fitting that even after one hundred years, as our society continues to overcome challenges to our democracy and social justice, that we honor such a timeless figure in our history. Even in death, his self-less dedication to equality and democratic ide-ology serve as a reminder that we must al-ways be fighting to defend the values that we hold dear as a nation. It is in the absence of such a strong defense of our values that we succumb to the tyranny and oppression of the past. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Thursday, July 19, 2018 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
JULY 24 10 a.m. Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Dan Michael Berkovitz, of Maryland, to be a Commissioner of the Commodity Futures Trading Commis-sion, and James E. Hubbard, of Colo-rado, to be Under Secretary of Agri-culture for Natural Resources and En-vironment. SR–328A Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Elad L. Roisman, of Maine, to be a Member of the Securities and Ex-change Commission, Michael R. Bright, of the District of Columbia, to be President, Government National Mort-gage Association, and Rae Oliver, of Virginia, to be Inspector General, both of the Department of Housing and Urban Development, and Dino Falaschetti, of Montana, to be Direc-tor, Office of Financial Research, De-partment of the Treasury. SD–538 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Subcommittee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries, and Coast Guard To hold hearings to examine the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration’s blue economy initiative, focusing on supporting commerce in American oceans and Great Lakes. SR–253 Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine factors that are impacting global oil prices. SD–366 2:30 p.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Subcommittee on Consumer Protection, Product Safety, Insurance, and Data Security To hold hearings to examine strength-ening and empowering United States amateur athletes, focusing on moving forward with solutions. SR–253 Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecurity Policy To hold hearings to examine the China challenge, focusing on economic coer-cion as statecraft. SD–419 Select Committee on Intelligence To hold closed hearings to examine cer-tain intelligence matters. SH–219 JULY 25 9:30 a.m. Select Committee on Intelligence To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Joseph Maguire, of Florida, to be Director of the National Counterter-rorism Center, Office of the Director of National Intelligence, and Ellen E. McCarthy, of Virginia, to be an Assist-ant Secretary of State (Intelligence and Research). 10 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine the race to 5G, focusing on exploring spectrum needs to maintain United States global leadership. SR–253 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Business meeting to consider S. 2554, to ensure that health insurance issuers and group health plans do not prohibit pharmacy providers from providing certain information to enrollees, H.R. 1222, to amend the Public Health Serv-ice Act to coordinate Federal con-genital heart disease research efforts and to improve public education and awareness of congenital heart disease, S. 2465, to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize a sickle cell disease prevention and treatment dem-onstration program and to provide for sickle cell disease research, surveil-lance, prevention, and treatment, S. 3016, to amend the Public Health Serv-ice Act to improve essential oral health care for low-income and other underserved individuals by breaking down barriers to care, and pending nominations. SD–430 Joint Economic Committee To hold hearings to examine the innova-tion economy, entrepreneurship, and barriers to capital access. LHOB–1100 2 p.m. Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe To hold hearings to examine the state of play, focusing on globalized corruption, state-run doping, and international sport. SD–562 2:15 p.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Subcommittee on Space, Science, and Competitiveness To hold hearings to examine destination Mars, focusing on putting American boots on the surface of the red planet. SR–253 2:30 p.m. Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine American diplomacy to advance our national se-curity strategy. SD–419 JULY 26 10 a.m. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Management To hold hearings to examine the chal-lenges and opportunities of the pro-posed government reorganization on Office of Personnel Management and General Services Administration. SD–342 2 p.m. Select Committee on Intelligence To receive a closed briefing regarding certain intelligence matters. SH–219 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JY8.019 E18JYPT1
D831 Wednesday, July 18, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S5027–S5078 Measures Introduced: Twelve bills and five resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 3229–3240, and S. Res. 576–580.
                                                       Page S5066 
Measures Passed: Microloan Modernization Act: Senate passed S. 526, to amend the Small Business Act to provide for expanded participation in the microloan program, after agreeing to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute, and the following amendment proposed thereto:
                                               Pages S5072–73 
Rounds (for Risch) Amendment No. 3397, to strike section 4.
                                                          Page S5073 
Small Business Innovation Protection Act: Sen-ate passed S. 791, to amend the Small Business Act to expand intellectual property education and train-ing for small businesses.
                                  Pages S073–74 
White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act: Senate passed S. 2850, to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
                                                                            Page S5074 
Rounds (for Flake) Amendment No. 3398, in the nature of a substitute.
                                             Page S5074 
Bounds Nomination—Agreement: Senate resumed consideration of the nomination of Ryan Wesley Bounds, of Oregon, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit.
                       Pages S5045–59 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By 50 yeas to 49 nays (Vote No. 161), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
                                                          Pages S5044–45 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the nomination, post-cloture, at approximately 10 a.m., on Thursday, July 19, 2018; and that all time in recess, adjourn-ment, morning business, and Leader remarks count against post-cloture time.
                                      Page S5074 Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nominations: By 50 yeas to 49 nays (Vote No. EX. 160), An-drew S. Oldham, of Texas, to be United States Cir-cuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit.
   Pages S5027–44, S5078 
1 Coast Guard nomination in the rank of admiral. 
                                                                            Pages S5072, S5078 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Scott Hutchins, of Indiana, to be Under Secretary of Agriculture for Research, Education, and Econom-ics. Lane Genatowski, of New York, to be Director of the Advanced Research Projects Agency-Energy, De-partment of Energy. David Hale, of New Jersey, to be an Under Sec-retary of State (Political Affairs). Kip Tom, of Indiana, for the rank of Ambassador during his tenure of service as U.S. Representative to the United Nations Agencies for Food and Agri-culture. Donald Y. Yamamoto, of Washington, to be Am-bassador to the Federal Republic of Somalia. Charles Wickser Banta, of New York, to be a Member of the National Council on the Arts for a term expiring September 3, 2022. Michelle Itczak, of Indiana, to be a Member of the National Council on the Arts for a term expiring September 3, 2020. Barbara Coleen Long, of Missouri, to be a Member of the National Council on the Arts for a term ex-piring September 3, 2022. Carleton Varney, of Massachusetts, to be a Mem-ber of the National Council on the Arts for a term expiring September 3, 2022. Richard S. Tischner, of Virginia, to be Director of the Court Services and Offender Supervision Agency for the District of Columbia for a term of six years. Donald L. Palmer, of Florida, to be a Member of the Election Assistance Commission for a term expir-ing December 12, 2021. 2 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, Foreign Service, and Navy.
                                             Pages S5075–78 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S5064 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18JY8.REC D18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD832 July 18, 2018 
Measures Referred:                                         Pages S5064–65 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:               Page S5065 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S5065–66 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S5066–67 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S5067–71 
Amendments Submitted:                                   Page S5072 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S5072 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S5072 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. (Total—161)
                                                        Pages S5044–45 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 6:24 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Thursday, July 19, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S5074.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
SHARKS Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Committee concluded a hearing to examine sharks, after receiving testimony from Alistair Dove, Geor-gia Aquarium, Atlanta; Amy Kukulya, Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution, Woods Hole, Massachu-setts; Cheryl Ann Denesha Wilga, University of Alaska, Anchorage; and Robert E. Hueter, Mote Ma-rine Laboratory, Sarasota, Florida. TRADE AND COMMERCE AT U.S. PORTS OF ENTRY Committee on Finance: Subcommittee on International Trade, Customs, and Global Competitiveness con-cluded a hearing to examine trade and commerce at United States ports of entry, after receiving testi-mony from Kevin K. McAleenan, Commissioner, Customs and Border Protection, Department of Homeland Security; Mayor Pete Saenz, Laredo, Texas, on behalf of the Texas Border Coalition; Ser-gio Contreras, Rio Grande Valley Partnership, Weslaco, Texas, on behalf of the Border Trade Alli-ance; Kurt Nagle, American Association of Port Au-thorities, Alexandria, Virginia; and Mary Ann Bucci, Port of Pittsburgh Commission, Pittsburgh, Pennsyl-vania. NOMINATIONS Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Brian J. Bulatao, of Texas, to be an Under Secretary (Man-agement), who was introduced by Senator Cornyn, and Denise Natali, of New Jersey, to be an Assistant Secretary (Conflict and Stabilization Operations), both of the Department of State, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. ADMINISTRATION’S GOVERNMENT REORGANIZATION PROPOSAL Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the Administration’s government reorganization pro-posal, after receiving testimony from Margaret Weichert, Deputy Director for Management, Office of Management and Budget. INDIAN AFFAIRS LEGISLATION Committee on Indian Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine S. 2154, to approve the Kick-apoo Tribe Water Rights Settlement Agreement, S. 3060, to repeal section 2141 of the Revised Statutes to remove the prohibition on certain alcohol manu-facturing on Indian lands, and S. 3168, to amend the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 to make Reclamation Water Settlements Fund per-manent, after receiving testimony from Alan Mikkelsen, Senior Advisor to the Secretary of the In-terior for Water and Western Resource Issues, and Chair, Working Group on Indian Water Settle-ments; John E. Tubbs, State of Montana Department of Natural Resources and Conservation Director, Helena; Lester Randall, Kickapoo Tribe, Horton, Kansas; and Harry Pickernell, Sr., Confederated Tribes of the Chehalis Reservation, Oakville, Wash-ington. FEDERAL INVESTMENT IN DNA ANALYSIS Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a hearing to examine promoting justice for victims of crime, focusing on the Federal investment in DNA analysis, including S. 2577, to reauthorize programs authorized under the Debbie Smith Act of 2004, S. 2345, to amend the DNA Analysis Backlog Elimi-nation Act of 2000 to provide additional resources to State and local prosecutors, and S. 2266, to au-thorize the Office on Violence Against Women to improve the handling of crimes of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking by in-corporating a trauma-informed approach into the ini-tial response to and investigation of such crimes, after receiving testimony from Gerald M. LaPorte, Director, Office of Investigative and Forensic Sciences, National Institute of Justice, Office of Jus-tice Programs, Department of Justice; Gretta L. Goodwin, Director, Homeland Security and Justice, Government Accountability Office; Debbie Smith, H–E–A–R–T, Williamsburg, Virginia; Matthew J. Gamette, Idaho State Police Forensic Services, Gar-ner, North Carolina, on behalf of the Association of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18JY8.REC D18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D833 July 18, 2018 
Crime Lab Directors; and Penny Young Nance, Con-cerned Women for America, Washington, D.C. ECONOMIC STABILITY AND SELF- SUFFICIENCY Special Committee on Aging: Committee concluded a hearing to examine supporting economic stability and self-sufficiency as Americans with disabilities and their families age, after receiving testimony from Jack Stollsteimer, Deputy Treasurer of Pennsylvania for Consumer Programs, Harrisburg; Kelly Nye- Lengerman, University of Minnesota Institute on Community Integration, Minneapolis; Edward Mitchell, Jackson Area Center for Independent Liv-ing, Jackson, Tennessee; and Benjamin Wright, Wil-mington, North Carolina. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 23 pub-lic bills, H.R. 6414–6436; and 1 resolution, H. Res. 1003 were introduced.
                                    Pages H6556–58 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H6558–59 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H. Res. 982, resolution of inquiry requesting the President, and directing the Secretary of Health and Human Services, to transmit, respectively, certain in-formation to the House of Representatives referring to the separation of children from their parents or guardians as a result of the President’s ‘‘zero toler-ance’’ policy (H. Rept. 115–835); H.R. 2345, to require the Federal Communica-tions Commission to study the feasibility of desig-nating a simple, easy-to-remember dialing code to be used for a national suicide prevention and mental health crisis hotline system, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–836); H.R. 4881, to require the Federal Communica-tions Commission to establish a task force for meet-ing the connectivity and technology needs of preci-sion agriculture in the United States, with amend-ments (H. Rept. 115–837); H.R. 3916, to amend the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to vest in the Secretary of the Interior func-tions under that Act with respect to species of fish that spawn in fresh or estuarine waters and migrate to ocean waters, and species of fish that spawn in ocean waters and migrate to fresh water, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–838); H.R. 577, to designate a peak in the State of Ne-vada as Maude Frazier Mountain (H. Rept. 115–839); H.R. 3045, to amend the National Trails System Act to extend the Lewis and Clark National Historic Trail, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–840); H.R. 3994, to establish the Office of Internet Connectivity and Growth, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–841); H.R. 4606, to provide that applications under the Natural Gas Act for the importation or exportation of small volumes of natural gas shall be granted without modification or delay, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–842); and H.R. 5709, to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to provide for enhanced penalties for pirate radio, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–843).
                                                Page H6556 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Fleischmann to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H6467 
Recess: The House recessed at 11 a.m. and recon-vened at 12 noon.
                                                     Page H6474 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Chaplain John L. Vernon, Jr., High Point Police Department, High Point, North Caro-lina.
                                                                                  Page H6474 
Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018—Motion to go to Conference: The House agreed by unani-mous consent to disagree to the Senate amendment and request a conference on H.R 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023.
                                                 Pages H6493–95 
Agreed to the Peterson motion to instruct con-ferees by a yea-and-nay vote of 392 yeas to 20 nays, Roll No. 336.
                                                      Pages H6493–95 
Later, the Chair appointed the following conferees: From the Committee on Agriculture, for consider-ation of the House bill and the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Rep-resentatives Conaway, Thompson of Pennsylvania, Goodlatte, Lucas, Rogers of Alabama, Austin Scott of Georgia, Crawford, Hartzler, Rodney Davis of Illi-nois, Yoho, Rouzer, Marshall, Arrington, Peterson, David Scott of Georgia, Costa, Walz, Fudge, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18JY8.REC D18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD834 July 18, 2018 
McGovern, Vela, Michelle Lujan Grisham of New Mexico, Kuster of New Hampshire, and O’Halleran. 
                                                                                            Page H6501 
From the Committee on Education and the Work-force, for consideration of secs. 4204, 4205, and 9131 of the House bill, and modifications com-mitted to conference: Representatives Foxx, Allen, and Adams.
                                                                   Page H6501 
From the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for consideration of subtitles A and B of title VI, secs. 6202, 6203, 6401, 6406, 6407, 6409, 6603, 7301, 7605, 8106, 8507, 9119, 9121, and 11101 of the House bill, and secs. 6116, 6117, 6202, 6206–09, 6301, 6303, 7412, 9102, 9104, 9106, 9111–13, 12408, 12627, and 12628 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to con-ference: Representatives Shimkus, Cramer, and Tonko.
                                                                             Page H6501 
From the Committee on Financial Services, for consideration of sec. 12609 of the Senate amend-ment, and modifications committed to conference: Representatives Hensarling, Duffy, and Maxine Waters of California.
                                               Page H6501 
From the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for con-sideration of title III of the House bill, and modi-fications committed to conference: Representatives Royce of California, Chabot, and Engel.
       Page H6501 
From the Committee on Natural Resources, for consideration of secs. 2802, 6408, 8104, 8107, 8109, subtitles B and C of title VIII, 8402, 8502, 8503, 8506, 8507, 8509, 8510, 9111, 11614, and 11615 of the House bill, and sec. 2425, subtitle D of title VIII, secs. 8601, 8611, 8621–28, 8631, 8632, 12515, 12601, and 12602 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to con-ference: Representatives Bishop of Utah, Westerman, and Grijalva.
                                                                Page H6501 
From the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, for consideration of secs. 1601, 4022, 4026, 8502, and 11609 of the House bill, and secs. 3113, 7128, 8623, 8630, 8632, 12301, and 12407 of the Senate amendment, and modifications com-mitted to conference: Representatives Walker, Comer, and Plaskett.
                                               Page H6501 
From the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology, for consideration of sec. 7509 of the House bill, and sec. 7409 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Representa-tives Abraham, Dunn, and Eddie Bernice Johnson of Texas.
                                                                               Page H6501 
From the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure, for consideration of secs. 2404, 6223, 6224, 6503, 9117, and 9118 of the House bill, and secs. 2415, 2416, 6124, 6304, and 7412 of the Sen-ate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Representatives Denham, Gibbs, and Bustos.                                                                            Page H6501 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measure: Supporting the officers and personnel who carry out the important mission of the United States Im-migration and Customs Enforcement: H. Res. 990, amended, supporting the officers and personnel who carry out the important mission of the United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement, by a 
2⁄3yea- and-nay vote of 244 yeas to 35 nays with 133 an-swering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 337. 
                                                                      Pages H6486–93, H6495 
Suspension—Proceedings Resumed: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measure. Consideration began Tuesday, July 17th. Authorizing the National Emergency Medical Services Memorial Foundation to establish a com-memorative work in the District of Columbia and its environs: H.R. 1037, amended, to authorize the National Emergency Medical Services Memorial Foundation to establish a commemorative work in the District of Columbia and its environs, by a 
2⁄3 yea-and-nay vote of 414 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 338.
                                       Pages H6495–96 
Expressing the sense of Congress that a carbon tax would be detrimental to the United States economy—Rule for Consideration: The House agreed to H. Res. 1001, providing for consideration of the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 119) ex-pressing the sense of Congress that a carbon tax would be detrimental to the United States economy, by a recorded vote of 229 ayes to 183 noes, Roll No. 340, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 226 yeas to 186 nays, Roll No. 339.
                                                       Pages H6478–86, H6496–97 
Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2019: The House continued consideration of H.R. 6147, mak-ing appropriations for the Department of the Inte-rior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019. Consideration began yesterday, July 17th.
                                  Page H6497 
Agreed to: O’Halleran amendment (No. 27 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that was debated on July 17th that moves $3,000,000 from the Office of the Special Trustee to the Office of Navajo-Hopi Indian Reloca-tion (by a recorded vote of 217 ayes to 196 noes, Roll No. 343);
                                              Pages H6499–H6500 
Moore amendment (No. 42 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that bars the use of funds to reorganize or eliminate the Great Lakes Advisory Board; 
                                                                                            Page H6502 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18JY8.REC D18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D835 July 18, 2018 
Moore amendment (No. 45 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that maintains FY 2018 funding for an authorized program to address lead in drinking water;
                                                                       Pages H6504–05 
Loudermilk amendment (No. 47 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that prohibits funds from being used to regulate trailers under the Clean Air Act; 
                                                                                    Pages H6506–07 
Byrne amendment (No. 52 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that prevents the re-purposing of Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act funds;
                  Page H6511 
Burgess amendment (No. 53 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that places a funding limitation on the EPA’s ability to utilize the Title 42 special pay au-thority;
                                                                    Pages H6511–12 
Young (AK) amendment (No. 58 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that prevents funds from being used to change existing placer mining plan of operations with regard to reclamation activities;
     Pages H6515–16 
Perry amendment (No. 59 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that prohibits the EPA from using funds to give formal notification under, or prepare, pro-pose, implement, administer, or enforce any rule or recommendation pursuant to section 115 of the Clean Air Act;
                                                     Pages H6516–17 
Posey amendment (No. 64 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that no funds will be made available in contravention of Federal Acquisition Regulation 6.101(a) with respect to aviation helmets;
   Page H6521 
Denham amendment (No. 65 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that prevents federal funds from being used to implement the State of California’s Bay- Delta Plan;
                                                            Pages H6521–23 
Abraham amendment (No. 66 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that prevents the enforcement of limita-tions or prohibitions on the use of genetically modi-fied crops in commercial agricultural operations con-ducted on National Wildlife Refuges;
            Page H6523 
Jackson Lee amendment (No. 67 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that prohibits the use of funds to eliminate or restrict programs aimed at reforestation of urban areas;
                                                     Pages H6523–25 
Jackson Lee amendment (No. 68 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that prohibits funds to be used to limit outreach programs administered by the Smith-sonian Institution;
                                             Pages H6525–28 
Larson (CT) amendment (No. 71 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that provides funding within the Department of the Treasury, Departmental Office ($100,000 from the proposed $208,751,000) towards a study, led by Treasury with the participation of relevant regulators, to examine the financial impact of the mineral pyrrhotite in concrete home founda-tions; the study should provide recommendations on regulatory and legislative actions needed to help mitigate impact on banks, mortgage lenders, tax rev-enues, and homeowners;                                 Pages H6530–31 
Young (AK) amendment (No. 72 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that increases funding for the Com-munity Development Financial Institutions (CDFI) Fund Account by $2 million and allocates the in-crease to the Native American CDFI Assistance (NACA) Program; offsets the increase by decreasing funding for GSA rental space by $2 million; 
                                                                                            Page H6531 
Michelle Lujan Grisham (NM) amendment (No. 73 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that increases funding for Community Development Financial In-stitutions (CDFIs) by $5 million; decreases the Gen-eral Services Administration Federal Buildings Fund by 15 million;
                                                     Pages H6531–32 
Palazzo amendment (No. 74 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that designates a $25 million increase to CDFI programs;
                                                         Page H6532 
Soto amendment (No. 75 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that increases funding for Tax Counseling for the Elderly by $1 million;
                    Pages H6532–33 
Soto amendment (No. 76 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that increases funding for the IRS’s iden-tify theft and refund fraud casework program by $500,000;
                                                                      Page H6533 
Kustoff (TN) amendment (No. 78 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that increases funding to the High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas program by $5 million and reduces the General Services Administra-tion’s rental of space allocation by $5 million; 
                                                                                            Page H6534 
Murphy amendment (No. 79 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that reduces funding for Small Business Administration, Entrepreneurial Development Pro-grams by $1 million, and increases it by the same amount, with 1,600,000 of the increase intended for the Women’s Business Centers program and $400,000 intended for Veterans Outreach programs; 
                                                                                    Pages H6534–35 
Polis amendment (No. 80 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that provides funding for the SBA to do technical assistance, training and education about the 7(a)(15) employee-ownership loan guarantee pro-gram;
                                                                               Page H6535 
Zeldin amendment (No. 82 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that prohibits funds from being used by the GSA to market or sell Plum Island, NY; 
                                                                                    Pages H6536–37 
Mullin amendment (No. 43 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that prohibits the use of funds for enforc-ing the Obama Administration’s EPA Methane Rule (by a recorded vote of 215 ayes to 194 noes, Roll No. 346);
                                                 Pages H6502–03, H6543 
Mullin amendment (No. 44 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that prohibits funds from implementing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18JY8.REC D18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD836 July 18, 2018 
the Social Cost of Carbon rule (by a recorded vote of 215 ayes to 199 noes, Roll No. 347); 
                                                                Pages H6503–04, H6543–44 
McMorris Rodgers amendment (No. 46 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that limits funding for the im-plementation of Washington State’s revised water quality standard (by a recorded vote of 227 ayes to 185 noes, Roll No. 348);
           Pages H6505–06, H6544–45 
Lamborn amendment (No. 48 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that prohibits the use of funds to imple-ment or enforce the threatened species listing of the Preble’s meadow jumping mouse under the Endan-gered Species Act (by a recorded vote of 213 ayes to 202 noes, Roll No. 349);
                 Pages H6507–08, H6545 
Lamborn amendment (No. 49 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that prohibits the use of funds to imple-ment or enforce the threatened species or endangered species listing of any plant or wildlife that has not undergone a review as required by section 4(c)(2) of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (by a recorded vote of 213 ayes to 201 noes, Roll No. 350); 
                                                                Pages H6508–09. H6545–46 
Goodlatte amendment (No. 50 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that prohibits the Environmental Protection Agency from using any funds to take re-taliatory, or EPA described ‘‘backstop’’ actions, against any of the six states in the Chesapeake Bay Watershed in the event that a state does not meet the goals mandated by the EPA’s Chesapeake Bay Total Maximum Daily Load (by a recorded vote of 213 ayes to 202 noes, Roll No. 351); 
                                                                Pages H6509–10, H6546–47 
Pearce amendment (No. 62 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that prevents funds from being used to carry out any rule-making on the status of the Lesser Prairie Chicken (by a recorded vote of 216 ayes to 199 noes, Roll No. 354);
           Pages H6518–19, H6548–49 
Smith (MO) amendment (No. 70 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that prevents the payment of attor-ney’s fees as part of any settlement the Federal Gov-ernment enters into under the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, and the Endangered Species Act (by a recorded vote of 215 ayes to 199 noes, Roll No. 357);
                                           Pages H6529–30, H6550–51 
Palmer amendment (No. 83 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that prohibits funds from being used to carry out the District of Columbia’s Health Insur-ance Requirement Amendment Act of 2018 (by a re-corded vote of 226 ayes to 189 noes, Roll No. 359); 
                                                                Pages H6537–38, H6551–52 
Meadows amendment (No. 84 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that prohibits Federal Funds from being used by the Office of Personnel Management to ad-minister the Multi-State Plan program (by a re-corded vote of 223 ayes to 192 noes, Roll No. 360); and
                                                               Pages H6538–39, H6552 Rothfus amendment (No. 85 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that prohibits the funds from being used to seize property as a means of enforcing the liability provisions of the District of Columbia individual mandate (by a recorded vote of 231 ayes to 184 noes, Roll No. 361).
                          Pages H6539, H6552–53 
Rejected: Biggs amendment (No. 1 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that was debated on July 17th that sought to transfer funds from the BLM Land acquisition ac-count to the NPS Parks Maintenance Backlog (by a recorded vote of 172 ayes to 237 noes with one an-swering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 341);
                   Page H6498 
Grijalva amendment (No. 25 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that was debated on July 17th that sought to increase the budget for the Department of the In-terior Inspector General’s Office by $2.5 million (by a recorded vote of 190 ayes to 223 noes, Roll No. 342);
                                                                         Pages H6498–99 
Adams amendment (No. 29 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that was debated on July 17th that sought to decrease and then increase the EPA Environ-mental Programs and Management account fund by $742,000; this increase is to emphasize the need for greater funding for the Environmental Justice pro-gram area within the account (by a recorded vote of 194 ayes to 218 noes, Roll No. 344);
            Page H6500 
Grothman amendment (No. 39 printed in H. Rept. 115–830), as modified, that was debated on July 17th that sought to reduce funding for the Na-tional Endowment on the Arts and the Humanities by 15 percent (by a recorded vote of 114 ayes to 297 noes, Roll No. 345);
                                        Pages H6500–01 
Carbajal amendment (No. 77 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that sought to strike Section 125, which prevents the IRS from issuing guidance to more clearly define political activity for 501(c)(4) organiza-tions;
                                                                        Pages H6533–34 
Gallego amendment (No. 51 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that sought to ensure none of the funds made available by this Act may be used to issue grazing permits or leases in contravention of BLM regulations (by a recorded vote of 203 ayes to 212 noes, Roll No. 352);
                          Pages H6510–11, H6547 
Pearce amendment (No. 60 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that sought to prevent funds from being used to treat the New Mexico Meadow Jumping Mouse as an endangered species (by a recorded vote of 206 ayes to 209 noes, Roll No. 353); 
                                                                Pages H6517–18, H6547–48 
Gosar amendment (No. 63 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that sought to support recreational shoot-ing, K–12 education and responsible energy develop-ment by prohibiting funds for the Ironwood Forest National Monument that was unilaterally designated 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18JY8.REC D18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D837 July 18, 2018 
under the Antiquities Act (by a recorded vote of 193 ayes to 220 noes, Roll No. 355); 
                                                                      Pages H6519–21, H6549 
Jody B. Hice (GA) amendment (No. 69 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that sought to state that no funds should be made available for Environmental Justice Small Grants issued by the Office of Environ-mental Justice (by a recorded vote of 174 ayes to 240 noes, Roll No. 356);
           Pages H6528–29, H6549–50 
Carbajal amendment (No. 81 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that sought to strike Section 628 which prohibits the SEC from promulgating a political spending disclosure rule (by a recorded vote of 190 ayes to 224 noes, Roll No. 358); and 
                                                                      Pages H6535–36, H6551 
McHenry amendment (No. 87 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that sought to prohibit any taxpayer funds from going to support the Post Service’s ef-forts to (1) expand or enhance financial services products, or (2) carry out any pilot programs or task forces pursuant to that end (by a recorded vote of 201 ayes to 212 noes, Roll No. 362). 
                                                                Pages H6540–42, H6553–54 
Withdrawn: Emmer amendment (No. 55 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that was offered and subsequently with-drawn that would have prohibited funding from being used to implement a January 13, 2017 effort by the U.S. Department of Interior and Agriculture to restrict all leasing, exploration, and potential de-velopment of approximately 234,328 acres of federal land in Northeast Minnesota;
                     Pages H6512–14 
Grothman amendment (No. 56 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that was offered and subsequently withdrawn that would have prohibited funds made available by this Act to be used to implement or en-force the EPA’s ground level ozone rule; and 
                                                                                    Pages H6514–15 
Connolly amendment (No. 57 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that was offered and subsequently with-drawn that would have prohibited funds from being used to change or modify the 2015 federal coal ash rule (80 Fed. Reg. 21301).
                                   Page H6515 
H. Res. 996, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6147) was agreed to yesterday, July 17th. Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow, July 19th.
                         Page H6555 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today and appears on page H6477. Quorum Calls—Votes: Four yea-and-nay votes and twenty-three recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H6494–95, H6495, H6495–96, H6496–97, H6497, H6498, H6498–99, H6499–H6500, H6500, H6500–01, H6543, H6544, H6544–45, H6545, H6545–46, H6546–47, H6547, H6547–48, H6548–49, H6549, H6549–50, H6550–51, H6551, H6551–52, H6552, H6553, H6553–54. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 11:03 p.m. Committee Meetings 
CRYPTOCURRENCIES: OVERSIGHT OF NEW ASSETS IN THE DIGITAL AGE Committee on Agriculture: Full Committee held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Cryptocurrencies: Oversight of New Assets in the Digital Age’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. POWERING AMERICA: THE ROLE OF ENERGY STORAGE IN THE NATION’S ELECTRICITY SYSTEM Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee En-ergy held a hearing entitled ‘‘Powering America: The Role of Energy Storage in the Nation’s Electricity System’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. OVERSIGHT OF THE FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Digital Commerce and Consumer Protection held a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Federal Trade Commission’’. Testimony was heard from the fol-lowing Federal Trade Commission officials: Joseph Simons, Chairman; Maureen Ohlhausen, Commis-sioner; Noah Phillips, Commissioner; Rohit Chopra, Commissioner; and Rebecca Slaughter, Commis-sioner. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 6351, the ‘‘Advancing U.S. Civil Nuclear Competitiveness and Jobs Act’’; and H.R. 6378, the ‘‘Pandemic and All-Hazards Pre-paredness and Advancing Innovation Act of 2018’’. H.R. 6378 and H.R. 6351 were ordered reported, as amended. MONETARY POLICY AND THE STATE OF THE ECONOMY Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Monetary Policy and the State of the Economy’’. Testimony was heard from Jerome H. Powell, Chairman, Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18JY8.REC D18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD838 July 18, 2018 
THE FUTURE OF MONEY: DIGITAL CURRENCY Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Monetary Policy and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of Money: Digital Currency’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. CURRENT DEVELOPMENTS IN CENTRAL ASIA Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Eu-rope, Eurasia, and Emerging Threats held a hearing entitled ‘‘Current Developments in Central Asia’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Natural Resources: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 5171, the ‘‘Ski Area Fee Reten-tion Act’’; H.R. 5347, the ‘‘Lyon County Economic Development and Environmental Remediation Act’’; H.R. 5532, the ‘‘Reconstruction Era National His-torical Park Act’’; H.R. 5556, the ‘‘Environmental Compliance Cost Transparency Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5923, the ‘‘Walnut Grove Land Exchange Act’’; H.R. 5979, the ‘‘Mill Springs Battlefield National Monument Act’’; H.R. 6038, to establish a proce-dure for the conveyance of certain Federal property around the Dickinson Reservoir in the State of North Dakota; H.R. 6039, to establish a procedure for the conveyance of certain Federal property around the Jamestown Reservoir in the State of North Da-kota, and for other purposes; H.R. 6040, the ‘‘Contra Costa Canal Transfer Act’’; and H.R. 6146, the ‘‘Cottonwood Land Exchange Act of 2018’’. H.R. 5171 was ordered reported, without amendment. H.R. 5347, H.R. 5532, H.R. 5556, H.R. 5923, H.R. 5979, H.R. 6038, H.R. 6039, H.R. 6040, and H.R. 6146 were ordered reported, as amended. REGULATORY DIVERGENCE: FAILURE OF THE ADMINISTRATIVE STATE Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on Intergovernmental Affairs held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Regulatory Divergence: Failure of the Administrative State’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Full Com-mittee held a markup on H.R. 6398, the ‘‘Depart-ment of Energy Veterans’ Health Initiative Act’’. H.R. 6398 was ordered reported, as amended. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Small Business: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 6348, the ‘‘Small Business Access to Capital and Efficiency Act’’; H.R. 6347, the ‘‘7(a) Real Estate Harmonization Act’’; H.R. 6330, the ‘‘Small Business Runway Extension Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6369, the ‘‘Expanding Contracting Opportuni-ties for Small Businesses Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6367, ‘‘Incentivizing Fairness in Subcontracting Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6382, the ‘‘Clarity on Small Business Participation in Category Management Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6316, the ‘‘Small Business Advocacy Improvements Act of 2018’’; and H.R. 6368, the ‘‘Encouraging Small Business Innovators Act’’. H.R. 6348, H.R. 6347, H.R. 6330, H.R. 6316, and H.R. 6368 were ordered reported, without amendment. H.R. 6369, H.R. 6367, and H.R. 6382 were or-dered reported, as amended. ARE WE READY? RECOVERING FROM 2017 DISASTERS AND PREPARING FOR THE 2018 HURRICANE SEASON Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Sub-committee on Economic Development, Public Build-ings, and Emergency Management held a hearing en-titled ‘‘Are We Ready? Recovering from 2017 Disas-ters and Preparing for the 2018 Hurricane Season’’. Testimony was heard from Jeffrey Byard, Associate Administrator, Office of Response and Recovery, Federal Emergency Management Agency; Charles ‘‘Ray’’ Alexander, Director of Contingency Oper-ations and Chief of the Office of Homeland Security, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers; and public witnesses. AN UPDATE ON THE IMPLEMENTATION OF THE FOREVER GI BILL: IS VA READY FOR AUGUST 1ST? Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Eco-nomic Opportunity held a hearing entitled ‘‘An Up-date on the Implementation of the Forever GI Bill: Is VA Ready for August 1st?’’. Testimony was heard from Major General Robert M. Worley II, U.S. Air Force (Ret.), Director, Education Service, Veterans Benefit Administration, Department of Veterans Af-fairs; and public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Ways and Means: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 3309, the ‘‘Social Security Online Tools Innovation Act’’; and H.R. 6377, the ‘‘Save Community Newspaper Act of 2018’’. H.R. 3309 and H.R. 6377 were ordered reported, as amended. THE EFFECTS OF TARIFFS ON U.S. AGRICULTURE AND RURAL COMMUNITIES Committee on Ways and Means: Subcommittee on Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Effects of Tariffs on U.S. Agriculture and Rural Communities’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18JY8.REC D18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D839 July 18, 2018 
Joint Meetings 
STATE OF TRANSATLANTIC RELATIONS Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: Com-mission concluded a hearing to examine the state of transatlantic relations, after receiving testimony from Nathalie Griesbeck, Special Committee on Ter-rorism, Claude Moraes, Committee on Civil Lib-erties, Justice, and Home Affairs, and Michael Boni, each a Member of the European Parliament, Brussels, Belgium. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, JULY 19, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Kathleen Laura Kraninger, of Ohio, to be Director, Bureau of Con-sumer Financial Protection, and Kimberly A. Reed, of West Virginia, to be President of the Export-Import Bank of the United States, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold an oversight hearing to examine Administration reorganiza-tion and modernization proposals related to the Depart-ment of Energy and the Department of the Interior, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Environment and Public Works: to hold hear-ings to examine the nominations of Mary Bridget Neumayr, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Council on Environmental Quality, and John Fleming, of Louisiana, to be Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Economic De-velopment, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Finance: business meeting to consider the nomination of Charles P. Rettig, of California, to be Commissioner of Internal Revenue, Department of the Treasury, 10 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Dennis Dean Kirk, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Merit Sys-tems Protection Board, and to be Chairman of the Merit Systems Protection Board, Julia Akins Clark, of Mary-land, and Andrew F. Maunz, of Ohio, both to be a Mem-ber of the Merit Systems Protection Board, and Carmen Guerricagoitia McLean, to be an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on the Judiciary: business meeting to consider the nominations of Britt Cagle Grant, of Georgia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit, David James Porter, of Pennsylvania, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Third Circuit, A. Marvin Quattlebaum, Jr., of South Carolina, and Julius Ness Richardson, of South Carolina, both to be a United States Circuit Judge for the Fourth Circuit, Roy Kalman Alt-man, and Rodolfo Armando Ruiz II, both to be a United States District Judge for the Southern District of Florida, and Raul M. Arias-Marxuach, to be United States District Judge for the District of Puerto Rico, 10 a.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-ing regarding certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Home-land Security, markup on FY 2019 Homeland Security Appropriations Bill, 9:30 a.m., 2362–A Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘21st Century Cures Implemen-tation: Examining Mental Health Initiatives’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘China’s Threat to American Government and Private Sector Research and Innovation Leadership’’, 8:30 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18JY8.REC D18JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD840 July 18, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Thursday, July 19 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the nomination of Ryan Wesley Bounds, of Or-egon, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit, post-cloture. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 9 a.m., Thursday, July 19 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Complete consideration of H.R. 6147—Department of the Interior, Environment, and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations Act, 2019. Complete con-sideration of H. Con. Res. 119—Expressing the sense of Congress that a carbon tax would be detrimental to the United States economy. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
House Bass, Karen, Calif., E1027 Byrne, Bradley, Ala., E1029 Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E1028 Courtney, Joe, Conn., E1029 DelBene, Suzan K., Wash., E1027 Duffy, Sean, P., Wisc., E1029 Faso, John J., N.Y., E1032 Gianforte, Greg, Mont., E1027 Gutie´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E1032 Huizenga, Bill, Mich., E1028 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E1033 Jones, Walter B., N.C., E1031, E1032 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E1030 Kelly, Mike, Pa., E1031 Lofgren, Zoe, Calif., E1033 Luetkemeyer, Blaine, Mo., E1027 Panetta, Jimmy, Calif., E1028 Poe, Ted, Tex., E1029 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E1033 Simpson, Michael K., Idaho, E1028, E1030 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E1030 Thompson, Bennie G., Miss., E1033 Torres, Norma J., Calif., E1028 Young, David, Iowa, E1032 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:18 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D18JY8.REC D18JYPT1