Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H175 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JANUARY 16, 2018 No. 9 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. A
RRINGTON ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, January 16, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable J
ODEY C. A
RRINGTON to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 8, 2018, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 1:50 p.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
DOYLESTOWN TOWNSHIP BICENTENNIAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank and recognize the leaders of the Doylestown Township community in my district for their hard work, generosity, and support for the community as Doylestown Town-ship celebrates its bicentennial, 200 years of history and community that I am proud to be a part of. I would like to recognize the Doylestown Township Board of Super-visors: Barbara Lyons, Rick Colello, Ryan Manion, Jennifer Herring, and Ken Snyder; and the Volunteer Bicen-tennial Committee: Arthur Zapolski, Joe Paternostro, Ted Feldstein, Stu Abramson, David Hansen. Dr. Vail Gar-vin, Tina Mazaheri, Mary Lou Parry, Renu Dalal, Beth Long, Chris Nardo, and John Arnold. I would also like to recognize the community sponsors whose generosity made the celebration possible: my friend Senator Chuck McIlhinney and State Representative Marguerite Quinn, Pine Run Retirement Commu-nity Center, Covenant Bank, Delaware Valley University, Boucher & James, Bucks County Water & Sewer Author-ity, Gilmore & Associates, Pennoni, Pennsylvania Soup & Seafood House, Pickering, Corts & Summerson, FRANC Environmental, Doylestown Hospital, Worth & Company, Shelley Law Offices, Greenstreet, CB Cares Educational Foundation, Mazaheri Law, Monument Bank, and Doylestown Health for sponsoring the opening gala I was privileged to attend. I ask the House of Representatives to join me in saying thank you for their commitment to our community. RECOGNIZING SOUDERTON AREA HIGH SCHOOL  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a school in my district. On November 30, 2017, Souderton Area High School was recog-nized as a National Banner Unified Champion School by the Special Olym-pics International headquarters. Through the diligence and compas-sion of Athletic Director Dennis Stan-ton and Supervisor of Special Edu-cation Megan Zweiback, the introduc-tion of unified sports into the school has greatly enhanced the curriculum of special-needs students and allowed them to compete with other students in interscholastic competition. One of only four schools in the Na-tion and the first in Pennsylvania to have been honored in this respect, I am proud of the work done at Souderton Area High School to support and en-hance the education and recreational development of all students. f 
FUNDING THE CHILDREN’S HEALTH INSURANCE PROGRAM The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ) for 5 minutes. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I am a Member of Congress, but I am also a mom. And as a mom, I am puzzled and, frankly, dismayed because Congress has not found a bipartisan way to pro-vide long-term funding for the Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program. More than 9 million children and pregnant mothers, including thousands in Oregon, receive basic health care through CHIP. In the past, this popular program has always had broad bipar-tisan support. We must do better than the stopgap Band-Aid that is forcing States to rely on short-term funding and, impor-tantly, leaving vulnerable families with uncertainty and with distress. Recently, I met a wonderful family in Oregon that relies on CHIP for the health of their two kids. Their story pulled at my heart. This is David. David is 5, and his brother, Jacob, is 20 months old, and both children have neurological condi-tions. Both require long-term medical care. David battles a life-threatening form of epilepsy that requires expen-sive medications as well as regular physical and occupational therapy. Their mom, Renee, fears the worst. I spoke with her and their pediatrician, and she told me that, without long- term funding to support Medicaid and CHIP, she said: ‘‘David could die. It’s that simple.’’ Mr. Speaker, this is about real peo-ple, and their lives are on the line. Funding CHIP is a good investment. In 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.000 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH176 January 16, 2018 
fact, the Congressional Budget Office recently predicted that a 10-year reau-thorization of CHIP would actually save the Federal Government $6 bil-lion. It turns out preventing illness not only saves lives, it saves money. There is no excuse for leaving CHIP unfunded. Working families like David and Jacob’s family need to know that they will have health care when their kids need it. David and Jacob are chil-dren whose lives are at stake, but there are millions more like them in Oregon and across the country. Mr. Speaker, David and Jacob de-serve better. All of our Nation’s chil-dren deserve better. It is that simple, and we must not let them down. 
f 
SUPPORTING THE BORN-ALIVE ABORTION SURVIVORS PROTEC-TION ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ). The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
RRINGTON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, on Friday thousands of people from all across America will come to Wash-ington to march in support of the dig-nity and equal protection of every God- given human life in this great land. It is in that spirit that I rise to join my colleagues in supporting H.R. 4712, the Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Protec-tion Act. This bill ensures that, if a baby survives a failed abortion, that baby must be given the same medical care as a baby born under any cir-cumstances. In a moral society, the strong have a responsibility to protect the weak. It is a stain on the moral fabric of our Na-tion that some lives are deemed less worthy than others with respect to pro-tection. America is a city on a hill whose light shines bright for all the world to see. That light is dimmed, however, as long as the dark practice of leaving a baby to die continues. It is my hope that even those who be-lieve in abortion can recognize that a baby who survives a botched abortion should be afforded the same protec-tions that you and I are. This week, we celebrate not only the March for Life, we also celebrate the life of Martin Luther King, Jr. In his day, Martin Luther King, Jr., worked tirelessly, in the face of enormous ad-versity and personal risk to himself and his family, to help all of us as Americans live up to the highest of our American ideals: the self-evident truth that all men are created equal. Through his work, King helped our Nation better realize its charter for forming a more perfect Union. Mr. Speaker, the Born-Alive Abortion Sur-vivors Protection Act builds on King’s legacy by ensuring that the unalienable right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness are protected for everyone, especially for those whose voices have been silenced. Passing this legislation would restore some of our Nation’s light that has been lost and make our Nation a more perfect Union than it was yesterday. That, after all, is our job. In the words of the great American hero, Martin Luther King, Jr.: ‘‘It is al-ways the right time to do the right thing.’’ Let’s do the right thing, and let’s protect these helpless little babies. RECOGNIZING SOPHIA CAMPA -PETERS  
Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, I have the privilege of representing one of the most courageous little girls in all the world, Sophia Campa-Peters. She may be a little girl, little in stat-ure, but there is nothing small about Sophia’s heart and her courage. She has suffered, for the last 3 years, with a rare disease that has caused her to have multiple strokes, and she is now facing the biggest challenge in her journey, major brain surgery. God says: ‘‘Come to Me as little chil-dren.’’ Sophia represents the faith of a child like nobody I have encountered since I have been in this office, and she requested that I help her rally the world to pray on January 24 that, while she is having that surgery at Boston Children’s Hospital, we would encour-age people and implore people to pray for her. I was delighted and honored to join her and many others in asking folks to take a knee and appeal to the Great Physician to protect her, to heal her, and to make provision for her to have a strong, healthy, and happy life for many, many years to come. What a testament to her faith in God and the power of prayer. What a testa-ment of someone who, in the face of trial and tribulation, would choose hope, would choose to believe, would choose to dream that her best days are ahead of her. Thanks, Sophie. Thank you for your faith. Thank you for your testimony. Thank you for your courage. And most of all, thank you for teaching us that every day is an opportunity, every day is a gift from God. Sophia, we are rallying the world for you. We will pray for you, and we will appeal to Almighty God on your behalf. God bless her. God bless her family. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 11 minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. C
OMER ) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Dear God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. We ask Your special blessing upon the Members of this people’s House. They face difficult decisions in difficult times, with many forces and interests demanding their attention. In these days, give them wisdom that they might execute their responsibilities to the benefit of all Americans. Give, as well, on this day, acknowl-edging religious freedom in our land, confidence to all people who are con-cerned about the issues most pressing in our Nation at this time. May all that is done be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8, rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. SMITH of Texas led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under clause 5(d) of rule XX, the Chair an-nounces to the House that, in light of the resignation of the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. T
IBERI ), the whole number of the House is 431. 
f 
SOARING STOCKS (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JA7.003 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H177 January 16, 2018 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, all American families benefit when the Dow Jones Industrial Aver-age closed at a record high of nearly 26,000 last week. Students benefit as college endowments grow, reducing tui-tion costs. Retirees benefit as their re-tirement accounts appreciate. With in-creased liquidity, jobs are created for small businesses. It is undeniable that the stock mar-ket, with the positive leadership of President Trump, has soared. Rush Limbaugh was correct on his program today that the growth is un-precedented. One year after President Trump was elected, the stock market increased by 28.5 percent. Today, the Dow Jones hit another record high, up over 7,200 points since the 2016 election. Since the start of the year, the stock market has already reached six new record highs. I am grateful for the leadership of President Trump, who has tweeted this achievement, with the leadership of Speaker P
AULRYANand House Repub-licans. This has promoted economic growth through the anticipation and enactment of bills creating immediate jobs, reduced regulations to allow small businesses to begin hiring again, and reformed our Tax Code so that families will be able to keep more of their hard-earned paycheck. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
MEDIA DISDAIN FOR THE AMERICAN FAMILY (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, we already knew, from their daily attacks, that the media disdained the President. What we didn’t know with a certainty, until last week, was that the media also disdained the American family. How else to explain their front-pag-ing and televising, at all hours, a four- letter expletive that would be seen by children across America? CNN reportedly used the word 195 times in one day. Sad. There was a time when the media would show some respect for family values, but no more. Words that might have been omitted or not spelled out are now broadcast in their entirety. That is the media’s decision to make, but it is a poor decision for the Amer-ican family. 
f 
HONORING RELIGIOUS FREEDOM DAY (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on Religious Freedom Day to celebrate the numer-ous faiths that people hold across this great Nation. Today, we commemorate the 232nd anniversary of the passing of a State law that has shaped and secured our important legacy on religious liberty. On January 16, 1786, the Virginia General Assembly passed the Virginia Statute for Religious Freedom. The bill, written by Thomas Jefferson, states: ‘‘. . . all men shall be free to profess, and by argument to maintain, their opinions in matters of reli- gion. . . . ’’ Just a few years later, this bill served as the inspiration for the First Amendment, which affirms our right to choose and exercise faith without gov-ernment coercion or retaliation. Today, Americans from diverse eth-nic and religious backgrounds remain committed to the values of faith, hon-esty, integrity, and patriotism. Mr. Speaker, our Constitution and laws guarantee Americans the right not just to believe as they see fit, but to freely exercise their religion. We observe this day in our homes and schools and houses of worship because we have the freedom and the right to do so. f 
LORI LOWERY SHOWS THE BEST IN TEXAS (Mr. OLSON asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, the people of my hometown of Sugar Land, Texas, are amazing. Last Thursday, something terrible happened on a road I drive on every day at home. On Interstate 69, an 18- wheeler jackknifed during heavy rain. It flew off an overpass, crashing down on a small Toyota Camry. Look. That Camry is about 3 feet tall. The first miracle is that the driver, Karan Singh, is still alive. The second miracle that day is named Lori Low-ery. Lori is training to be a nurse, most likely across the street at the University of Houston Sugar Land. The crash happened right in front of her. She jumped out of her car, crawled through metal and broken glass, and got Karan out. Lori Lowery shows the best in Texas and my hometown of Sugar Land, and I am proud to call her my boss in Con-gress. 
f 
PUERTO RICO DESERVES BETTER (Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico. Mr. Speaker, 4 months after Hur-ricane Maria hit Puerto Rico, 40 per-cent of our people still lack electricity, with a system barely patched up. Of al-most 80,000 homes approved to receive the temporary ‘‘blue roof,’’ only half of them have been installed. Those are only two examples. The hurricane season will be back in 5 months, and then we will be required to start all over again. The situation demands extreme urgency from all Federal agencies. What is taking so long? Where is the sense of urgency? This would never be tolerated in any State. The provisions of the Stafford Act limit us to only patching things up. The supplemental disaster appropria-tions bill addressed this, but it is stalled in the Senate. We expect better. We deserve better. We will work to lift ourselves up, but we need the tools to do so. We expect the Federal agencies to act urgently. f 
BENEFITS OF THE TAX CUTS AND JOBS ACT (Mrs. HANDEL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Mrs. HANDEL. Mr. Speaker, last month, the House passed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Already these pro- growth policies are having a positive impact. Businesses are making invest-ments in operations and people. Thane Brooks operates a resource center for children with special needs in Alpharetta, Georgia. Because busi-nesses can now immediately expense new equipment purchases, Thane is able to open a second facility to serve even more special needs children. Georgia-based Aflac announced that it will increase contributions to em-ployee retirement plans. AT&T, with nearly 3,000 employees in the Sixth District, gave a $1,000 bonus to non-management employees as a direct re-sult of the tax cut bill. Overall, more than 2 million workers across the country are feeling the bene-fits of this law through increased wages, bonuses, and more retirement dollars. And with paychecks for nearly every American set to increase in the coming weeks, there is even more good news on the horizon for American fami-lies. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, January 12, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Dear M
R. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on January 12, 2018, at 11:15 a.m.: That the Senate passed without an amend-ment H.R. 984. That the Senate passed without an amend-ment H.R. 4641. Appointment: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JA7.005 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH178 January 16, 2018 
The United States Semiquincentennial Commission. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 4:15 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 12 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1617 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa) at 4 o’clock and 17 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or votes objected to under clause 6 of rule XX. The House will resume proceedings on postponed questions at a later time. 
f 
FAMILY SELF-SUFFICIENCY ACT Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4258) to promote the development of local strategies to coordinate use of assistance under sections 8 and 9 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 with public and private resources, to enable eligible families to achieve economic independence and self-sufficiency, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4258 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Family Self- Sufficiency Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FAMILY SELF-SUFFICIENCY PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 23 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437u) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘public housing and’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘the certificate and vouch-er programs under section 8’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 8 and 9’’; (2) by amending subsection (b) to read as follows: ‘‘(b) C
ONTINUATION OF PRIOR REQUIRED PRO-
GRAMS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Each public housing agency that was required to administer a local Family Self-Sufficiency program on the date of enactment of the Family Self- Sufficiency Act, shall operate such local pro-gram for, at a minimum, the number of fami-lies the agency was required to serve on the date of enactment of such Act, subject only to the availability under appropriations Acts of sufficient amounts for housing assistance and the requirements of paragraph (2). ‘‘(2) REDUCTION .—The number of families for which a public housing agency is required to operate such local program under para-graph (1) shall be decreased by one for each family from any supported rental housing program administered by such agency that, after October 21, 1998, fulfills its obligations under the contract of participation. ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION .—The Secretary shall not require a public housing agency to carry out a mandatory program for a period of time upon the request of the public housing agen-cy and upon a determination by the Sec-retary that implementation is not feasible because of local circumstances, which may include— ‘‘(A) lack of supportive services accessible to eligible families, which shall include in-sufficient availability of resources for pro-grams under title I of the Workforce Invest-ment Act of 1998 (29 U.S.C. 2801 et seq.); ‘‘(B) lack of funding for reasonable admin-istrative costs; ‘‘(C) lack of cooperation by other units of State or local government; or ‘‘(D) any other circumstances that the Sec-retary may consider appropriate.’’; (3) by striking subsection (i); (4) by redesignating subsections (c), (d), (e), (f), (g), and (h) as subsections (d), (e), (f), (g), (h), and (i) respectively; (5) by inserting after subsection (b), as amended, the following: ‘‘(c) E
LIGIBILITY .— ‘‘(1) E
LIGIBLE FAMILIES .—A family is eligi-ble to participate in a local Family Self-Suf-ficiency program under this section if— ‘‘(A) at least 1 household member seeks to become and remain employed in suitable em-ployment or to increase earnings; and ‘‘(B) the household member receives direct assistance under section 8 or resides in a unit assisted under section 8 or 9. ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE ENTITIES .—The following en-tities are eligible to administer a local Fam-ily Self-Sufficiency program under this sec-tion: ‘‘(A) A public housing agency admin-istering housing assistance to or on behalf of an eligible family under section 8 or 9. ‘‘(B) The owner or sponsor of a multifamily property receiving project-based rental as-sistance under section 8, in accordance with the requirements under subsection (l).’’; (6) in subsection (d), as so redesignated— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘public housing agency’’ the first time it appears and inserting ‘‘eligible entity’’; (ii) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘each leaseholder receiving assistance under the certificate and voucher programs of the pub-lic housing agency under section 8 or resid-ing in public housing administered by the agency’’ and inserting ‘‘a household member of an eligible family’’; and (iii) by striking the third sentence and in-serting the following: ‘‘Housing assistance may not be terminated as a consequence of either successful completion of the contract of participation or failure to complete such contract. A contract of participation shall remain in effect until the participating fam-ily exits the Family Self-Sufficiency pro-gram upon successful graduation or expira-tion of the contract of participation, or for other good cause.’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A)— (I) in the first sentence— (aa) by striking ‘‘A local program under this section’’ and inserting ‘‘An eligible enti-ty’’; (bb) by striking ‘‘provide’’ and inserting ‘‘coordinate’’; and (cc) by striking ‘‘to’’ and inserting ‘‘for’’; and (II) in the second sentence— (aa) by striking ‘‘provided during’’ and in-serting ‘‘coordinated for’’; (bb) by striking ‘‘under section 8 or resid-ing in public housing’’ and inserting ‘‘pursu-ant to section 8 or 9 and for the duration of the contract of participation’’; and (cc) by inserting ‘‘, but are not limited to’’ after ‘‘may include’’; (ii) in subparagraph (D), by inserting ‘‘or attainment of a high school equivalency cer-tificate’’ after ‘‘high school’’; (iii) by striking subparagraph (G); (iv) by redesignating subparagraphs (E), (F), and (J) as subparagraphs (F), (G), and (K) respectively; (v) by inserting after subparagraph (D) the following: ‘‘(E) education in pursuit of a post-sec-ondary degree or certification;’’; (vi) in subparagraph (H), by inserting ‘‘fi-nancial literacy, such as training in finan-cial management, financial coaching, and asset building, and’’ after ‘‘training in’’; (vii) in subparagraph (I), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (viii) by inserting after subparagraph (I) the following: ‘‘(J) homeownership education and assist-ance; and’’; (C) in paragraph (3)— (i) in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘the first recertification of income after’’ after ‘‘not later than 5 years after’’; and (ii) in the second sentence— (I) by striking ‘‘public housing agency’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible entity’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘of the agency’’; (D) by amending paragraph (4) to read as follows: ‘‘(4) EMPLOYMENT .—The contract of partici-pation shall require 1 household member of the participating family to seek and main-tain suitable employment.’’; and (E) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) N
ONPARTICIPATION .—Assistance under section 8 or 9 for a family that elects not to participate in a Family Self-Sufficiency pro-gram shall not be delayed by reason of such election.’’; (7) in subsection (e), as so redesignated— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘whose monthly adjusted income does not exceed 50 percent’’ and all that follows through the pe-riod at the end of the third sentence and in-serting ‘‘shall be calculated under the rental provisions of section 3 or section 8(o), as ap-plicable.’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking the first sentence and in-serting the following: ‘‘For each partici-pating family, an amount equal to any in-crease in the amount of rent paid by the family in accordance with the provisions of section 3 or 8(o), as applicable, that is attrib-utable to increases in earned income by the participating family, shall be placed in an interest-bearing escrow account established by the eligible entity on behalf of the par-ticipating family. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, an eligible entity may use funds it controls under section 8 or 9 for purposes of making the escrow deposit for participating families assisted under, or residing in units assisted under, section 8 or 9, respectively, provided such funds are offset by the increase in the amount of rent paid by the participating family.’’; (ii) by striking the second sentence and in-serting the following: ‘‘All Family Self-Suffi-ciency programs administered under this section shall include an escrow account.’’; (iii) in the fourth sentence, by striking ‘‘subsection (c)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (d)’’; and (iv) in the last sentence— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.002 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H179 January 16, 2018 
(I) by striking ‘‘A public housing agency’’ and inserting ‘‘An eligible entity’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘the public housing agen-cy’’ and inserting ‘‘such eligible entity’’; and (C) by amending paragraph (3) to read as follows: ‘‘(3) F
ORFEITED ESCROW .—Any amount placed in an escrow account established by an eligible entity for a participating family as required under paragraph (2), that exists after the end of a contract of participation by a household member of a participating family that does not qualify to receive the escrow, shall be used by the eligible entity for the benefit of participating families in good standing.’’; (8) in subsection (f), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘, unless the income of the family equals or exceeds 80 percent of the median income of the area (as determined by the Secretary with adjustments for smaller and larger families)’’; (9) in subsection (g), as so redesignated— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘public housing agency’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible entity’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘the public housing agen-cy’’ and inserting ‘‘such eligible entity’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘subsection (g)’’ and in-serting ‘‘subsection (h)’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘public housing agency’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible entity’’ each place that term appears; (ii) by striking ‘‘or the Job Opportunities and Basic Skills Training Program under part F of title IV of the Social Security Act’’; (iii) by inserting ‘‘primary, secondary, and post-secondary’’ after ‘‘public and private’’; and (iv) in the second sentence, by inserting ‘‘and tenants served by the program’’ after ‘‘the unit of general local government’’; (10) in subsection (h), as so redesignated— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘public housing agency’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible entity’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘participating in the’’ and inserting ‘‘carrying out a’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘to the Secretary’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘public housing agency’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible entity’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘subsection (f)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘subsection (g)’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘residents of the public housing’’ and inserting ‘‘the current and pro-spective participants of the program’’; and (iv) by striking ‘‘or the Job Opportunities and Basic Skills Training Program under part F of title IV of the Social Security Act’’; and (C) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (C)— (I) by striking ‘‘subsection (c)(2)’’ and in-serting ‘‘subsection (d)(2)’’; (II) by striking ‘‘provided to’’ and inserting ‘‘coordinated on behalf of participating’’; (III) by inserting ‘‘direct’’ before ‘‘assist-ance’’; and (IV) by striking ‘‘the section 8 and public housing programs’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 8 and 9’’; (ii) in subparagraph (D)— (I) by striking ‘‘subsection (d)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘subsection (e)’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘public housing agency’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible entity’’; (iii) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘de-liver’’ and inserting ‘‘coordinate’’; (iv) in subparagraph (H), by striking ‘‘the Job Opportunities and Basic Skills Training Program under part F of title IV of the So-cial Security Act and’’; and (v) in subparagraph (I), by striking ‘‘public housing or section 8 assistance’’ and insert-ing ‘‘assistance under section 8 or 9’’; (11) by amending subsection (i), as so redes-ignated, to read as follows: ‘‘(i) FAMILY SELF-SUFFICIENCY AWARDS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to appropria-tions, the Secretary shall establish a for-mula by which annual funds will be awarded or as otherwise determined by the Secretary for the costs incurred by an eligible entity in administering the self-sufficiency program under this section. ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBILITY FOR AWARDS .—The award established under paragraph (1) shall provide funding for family self-sufficiency coordina-tors as follows: ‘‘(A) B
ASE AWARD .—An eligible entity serv-ing 25 or more participants in the Family Self-Sufficiency program under this section is eligible to receive an award equal to the costs, as determined by the Secretary, of 1 full-time family self-sufficiency coordinator position. The Secretary may, by regulation or notice, determine the policy concerning the award for an eligible entity serving fewer than 25 such participants, including pro-viding prorated awards or allowing such en-tities to combine their programs under this section for purposes of employing a coordi-nator. ‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL AWARD .—An eligible enti-ty that meets performance standards set by the Secretary is eligible to receive an addi-tional award sufficient to cover the costs of filling an additional family self-sufficiency coordinator position if such entity has 75 or more participating families, and an addi-tional coordinator for each additional 50 par-ticipating families, or such other ratio as may be established by the Secretary based on the award allocation evaluation under subparagraph (E). ‘‘(C) S
TATE AND REGIONAL AGENCIES .—For purposes of calculating the award under this paragraph, each administratively distinct part of a State or regional eligible entity may be treated as a separate agency. ‘‘(D) D
ETERMINATION OF NUMBER OF COORDI -
NATORS .—In determining whether an eligible entity meets a specific threshold for funding pursuant to this paragraph, the Secretary shall consider the number of participants en-rolled by the eligible entity in its Family Self-Sufficiency program as well as other criteria determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(E) A
WARD ALLOCATION EVALUATION .—The Secretary shall submit to Congress a report evaluating the award allocation under this subsection, and make recommendations based on this evaluation and other related findings to modify such allocation, within 4 years after the date of enactment of the Family Self-Sufficiency Act, and not less frequently than every 4 years thereafter. The report requirement under this subparagraph shall terminate after the Secretary has sub-mitted two such reports to Congress. ‘‘(3) R
ENEWALS AND ALLOCATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Funds allocated by the Secretary under this subsection shall be allo-cated in the following order of priority: ‘‘(i) F
IRST PRIORITY .—Renewal of the full cost of all coordinators in the previous year at each eligible entity with an existing Fam-ily Self-Sufficiency program that meets ap-plicable performance standards set by the Secretary. ‘‘(ii) S
ECOND PRIORITY .—New or incre-mental coordinator funding authorized under this section. ‘‘(B) G
UIDANCE .—If the first priority, as de-scribed in subparagraph (A)(i), cannot be fully satisfied, the Secretary may prorate the funding for each eligible entity, as long as— ‘‘(i) each eligible entity that has received funding for at least 1 part-time coordinator in the prior fiscal year is provided sufficient funding for at least 1 part-time coordinator as part of any such proration; and ‘‘(ii) each eligible entity that has received funding for at least 1 full-time coordinator in the prior fiscal year is provided sufficient funding for at least 1 full-time coordinator as part of any such proration. ‘‘(4) RECAPTURE OR OFFSET .—Any awards allocated under this subsection by the Sec-retary in a fiscal year that have not been spent by the end of the subsequent fiscal year or such other time period as determined by the Secretary may be recaptured by the Secretary and shall be available for pro-viding additional awards pursuant to para-graph (2)(B), or may be offset as determined by the Secretary. Funds appropriated pursu-ant to this section shall remain available for 3 years in order to facilitate the re-use of any recaptured funds for this purpose. ‘‘(5) P
ERFORMANCE REPORTING .—Programs under this section shall be required to report the number of families enrolled and grad-uated, the number of established escrow ac-counts and positive escrow balances, and any other information that the Secretary may require. Program performance shall be re-viewed periodically as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(6) I
NCENTIVES FOR INNOVATION AND HIGH  
PERFORMANCE .—The Secretary may reserve up to 5 percent of the amounts made avail-able under this subsection to provide support to or reward Family Self-Sufficiency pro-grams based on the rate of successful com-pletion, increased earned income, or other factors as may be established by the Sec-retary.’’; (12) in subsection (j)— (A) by striking ‘‘public housing agency’’ the first place such term appears and insert-ing ‘‘eligible entity’’; (B) by striking ‘‘public housing’’ before ‘‘units’’; (C) by striking ‘‘in public housing projects administered by the agency’’; (D) by inserting ‘‘or coordination’’ after ‘‘provision’’; and (E) by striking the last sentence; (13) in subsection (k), by striking ‘‘public housing agencies’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible en-tities’’; (14) by striking subsection (n); (15) by striking subsection (o); (16) by redesignating subsections (l) and (m) as subsections (m) and (n), respectively; (17) by inserting after subsection (k) the following: ‘‘(l) P
ROGRAMS FOR TENANTS IN PRIVATELY  O
WNED PROPERTIES WITHPROJECT -BASED AS-
SISTANCE .— ‘‘(1) V
OLUNTARY AVAILABILITY OF FSS PRO -
GRAM .—The owner of a privately owned prop-erty may voluntarily make a Family Self- Sufficiency program available to the tenants of such property in accordance with proce-dures established by the Secretary. Such procedures shall permit the owner to enter into a cooperative agreement with a local public housing agency that administers a Family Self-Sufficiency program or, at the owner’s option, operate a Family Self-Suffi-ciency program on its own or in partnership with another owner. An owner, who volun-tarily makes a Family Self-Sufficiency pro-gram available pursuant to this subsection, may access funding from any residual re-ceipt accounts for the property to hire a family self-sufficiency coordinator or coordi-nators for their program. ‘‘(2) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENT .—Any coop-erative agreement entered into pursuant to paragraph (1) shall require the public hous-ing agency to open its Family Self-Suffi-ciency program waiting list to any eligible family residing in the owner’s property who resides in a unit assisted under project-based rental assistance. ‘‘(3) T
REATMENT OF FAMILIES ASSISTED  
UNDER THIS SUBSECTION .—A public housing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.003 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH180 January 16, 2018 
agency that enters into a cooperative agree-ment pursuant to paragraph (1) may count any family participating in its Family Self- Sufficiency program as a result of such agreement as part of the calculation of the award under subsection (i). ‘‘(4) E
SCROW .— ‘‘(A) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENT .—A coopera-tive agreement entered into pursuant to paragraph (1) shall provide for the calcula-tion and tracking of the escrow for partici-pating residents and for the owner to make available, upon request of the public housing agency, escrow for participating residents, in accordance with paragraphs (2) and (3) of subsection (e), residing in units assisted under section 8. ‘‘(B) C
ALCULATION AND TRACKING BY  
OWNER .—The owner of a privately owned property who voluntarily makes a Family Self-Sufficiency program available pursuant to paragraph (1) shall calculate and track the escrow for participating residents and make escrow for participating residents available in accordance with paragraphs (2) and (3) of subsection (e). ‘‘(5) E
XCEPTION .—This subsection shall not apply to properties assisted under section 8(o)(13). ‘‘(6) S
USPENSION OF ENROLLMENT .—In any year, the Secretary may suspend the enroll-ment of new families in Family Self-Suffi-ciency programs under this subsection based on a determination that insufficient funding is available for this purpose.’’; (18) in subsection (m), as so redesignated— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘Each public housing agency’’ and inserting ‘‘Each eligible entity’’; (ii) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘The report shall include’’ and inserting ‘‘The contents of the report shall include’’; and (iii) in subparagraph (D)— (I) by striking ‘‘public housing agency’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible entity’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘local’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘and de-scribing any additional research needs of the Secretary to evaluate the effectiveness of the program’’ after ‘‘under paragraph (1)’’; (19) in subsection (n), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’; and (20) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(o) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible entity’ means an entity that meets the re-quirements under subsection (c)(2) to admin-ister a Family Self-Sufficiency program under this section. ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE FAMILY .—The term ‘eligible family’ means a family that meets the re-quirements under subsection (c)(1) to partici-pate in the Family Self-Sufficiency program under this section. ‘‘(3) P
ARTICIPATING FAMILY .—The term ‘participating family’ means an eligible fam-ily that is participating in the Family Self- Sufficiency program under this section.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Not later than 360 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Develop-ment shall issue notice or regulations to im-plement this Act and any amendments made by this Act, and this Act and any amend-ments made by this Act shall take effect upon such issuance. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. D
UFFY ) and the gen-tleman from Connecticut (Mr. H
IMES) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Wisconsin? There was no objection. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4258, the Family Self-Suffi-ciency Act. This legislation will streamline a program designed to help those unable to purchase a home while reducing their dependency on welfare assistance and rental assistance pro-vided by the government. I want to thank my colleague and friend from Missouri (Mr. C
LEAVER ) for all of his bipartisan and helpful work on this legislation. It passed out of our committee 58–0, which is somewhat his-toric for the Financial Services Com-mittee. Now, the Family Self-Sufficiency Act, or FSS program, is focused on helping families in public housing and the housing choice voucher program. The goal is to utilize a number of serv-ices coordinated through the program to help families with individual train-ing to increase their employability and become less dependent on assistance. These services can include basic edu-cation, childcare, transportation, edu-cation, financial literacy, mental health referrals, and homeownership counseling. While receiving services, an interest-bearing escrow account is established for the family that can be used for any purpose once the family has graduated from the program. Currently, HUD operates one pro-gram for families served by the housing choice voucher program and a separate program for those families served by the public housing program. This legis-lation will combine those two separate FSS programs into one to streamline and reduce regulatory burdens. The bill also broadens the scope of supportive services that may be offered to these families to include attainment of a GED, education in pursuit of a postsecondary degree or certification, and—I think this is important—train-ing in financial literacy. Lastly, H.R. 4258 opens the FSS program to families that live in privately owned properties that are subsidized by project-based rental assistance. Mr. Speaker, 4,793 families have suc-cessfully completed the program, with 1,557 graduates exiting rental assist-ance, within a year and another 606 graduates that eventually went on and were able to purchase a home. So more than 10 percent of the people who grad-uate from the program go on to buy a home. I want to leave you with just a quick anecdote on written testimony that came to our committee from the Com-pass Working Capital Group. It is a story about Tanya. She graduated from the FSS program in Lynn, Massachu-setts. Now, when Tanya enrolled in the FSS program, she had been receiving housing assistance for about 4 years. She was working full-time and raising two children, but she had bigger dreams. One of those dreams was to one day own a house. At the time, Tanya believed that owning a home was, in her words, ‘‘not for families like mine,’’ a low-income single moth-er who came from a family where no one has ever owned a home. So when Tanya graduated from the program, she got the assistance, got the counseling, and in the end, she was able to increase her annual income by $8,000, improve her credit score 140 points, pay down her debt, and save $3,000. She graduated from the program in 2015 and achieved her dream of be-coming a homeowner, the first person in her family to do so. She said: But what makes me happiest of all is seeing my children love their new home. Thanks to the Compass FSS program, now I, too, be-lieve that families like mine can get ahead, live better, and accomplish our big dreams and goals such as buying a home. This is a remarkable story of a pro-gram that actually works, that helps people get from public assistance into self-sufficiency and hopefully into homeownership. I think it is this kind of artful review of policy that our committee has done on a bipartisan level that brings us to reforms that can look at the successes of a program and build upon those suc-cesses and make them work for more families. Again, I want to thank my colleagues and friends across the aisle for working on this legislation and, again, bringing it out with such a bipartisan vote. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4258, the Family Self-Sufficiency Act of 2017, makes sev-eral commonsense improvements to HUD’s Family Self-Sufficiency pro-gram, or FSS, which is the only asset- building program at HUD to help in-crease economic opportunities for its low-income households. Anecdotally, Mr. Speaker, when I was a commissioner of a housing au-thority many years ago, I saw this pro-gram in action. It deals with one of the challenges of what happens to a family as their incomes go up and they find it increasingly hard to invest and save because their rents typically go up. Mr. Speaker, this bill expands the scope of supportive services provided to residents to include GED training, edu-cation, and pursuit of a post-secondary degree or certification and training in financial literacy. The bill also expands the program to include families who live in privately owned properties and ensures that low- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.003 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H181 January 16, 2018 
income families can continue to par-ticipate in this program as their in-comes increase. This is a particularly important improvement since under current law, once a family reaches 50 percent of area median income, they no longer are able to accrue additional savings in their escrow accounts. This bill fixes that issue. This bill is an important step in the right direction, and I hope we can con-tinue to find ways to expand this very successful program beyond the current 72,000 households it can serve. I am glad to see that my friend from Wisconsin and my colleagues on the other side of the aisle recognize the success of this voluntary program, and I hope we can work together to find ways to improve it and to give energy to other programs which allow people to lift themselves out of lower income circumstances. Mr. Speaker, this bill was passed out of committee 58–0. I urge my col-leagues to support the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. C
LEAVER ). Mr. CLEAVER. Mr. Speaker, let me, first of all, state the obvious. I am ris-ing to support H.R. 4258, the Family Self-Sufficiency Act. I would like to thank Chairman D
UFFY for the spirit of bipartisanship that he has demonstrated on this and on other legislation as well; and Mr. H
IMES, the gentleman from Con-necticut, who is managing this piece of legislation. It is also appropriate to thank the chair and the ranking mem-ber of the committee for giving their support to this piece of legislation. H.R. 4258 would make important up-dates to the Department of Housing and Urban Development Family Self- Sufficiency program, the FSS program, which is a voluntary program that en-courages residents who use housing vouchers or who live in public housing to connect with program coordinators to create self-sufficiency plans, obtain educational resources, and pursue work opportunities. This program also creates an inter-est-bearing escrow account for partici-pants that can be accessed upon grad-uation from the program. Money from this account can be used for job-related expenses or as savings for a home. I deviate from my written comments to say that there are a number of great stories like Tanya’s that Mr. D
UFFY  shared. As a 5-year resident of public housing when I was growing up, during that time my father was working on three jobs trying to save money for a house and to buy what became his first car. Our first car was an Oldsmobile Rocket 88—Rocket 88 I want empha-size—and it was the pride of our family and our community, frankly, when that happened. But it would have been infinitely easier if there had been some kind of escrow account that my father could have moved money into to save so that when he found that lot and the house that he lives in today, that would have been money right there available for him to pay down on it or pay it off. It seems like a lot of money then, but the lot was $5,000, and the money that he could have saved over that period of time could have been so significant. We managed to do it any-way. This program would help countless numbers of people who want to take advantage of the help that the Federal Government can give them with hous-ing but at the same time work and strive toward independence. That is what I think the great value of this program is. I don’t want to repeat what has al-ready been said, so I want to just give you a list of the organizations sup-porting this legislation: the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, Preserva-tion of Affordable Housing, the Na-tional Leased Housing Association, the National Low Income Housing Coali-tion, Compass Working Capital, Na-tional Association of Housing Redevel-opment Officials, Housing Partnership Network, the National Housing Trust, and Stewards of Affordable Housing for the Future. A similar version of this bill was in-troduced by Senator REEDand Senator B
LUNT from my home State of Missouri over in the Senate, and I am encour-aged by this bipartisanship and the bi-cameral process. I am also hopeful that we can con-tinue to work, as Mr. H
IMES said, on further improvements of housing re-sources all across the country, and I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to briefly say in closing that we oftentimes find people who get stuck in a cycle of poverty. I think the goal of the program should be to help people get out of poverty and get to self-sufficiency. b1630 If you look at this program, it takes an initiative by the person in FSS to say: I am going to raise my hand; I want to take advantage of these oppor-tunities. It is about helping them get an education. I have 8 kids, and I have a wife. For a single mom with a couple of kids who is trying to go to school or do job training or get a job, without some help on child care, that can’t work. You can’t make that happen. That is offered in this program. Again, it offers additional education, financial literacy training, and coun-seling on home ownership. If you have some mental health issues, you can get training in that. It is what is right about government, in the sense we don’t want people to get stuck. We don’t want people to get caught in a cycle of poverty, we want to help lift them up, and it is this kind of a program with these kinds of re-forms that I think we have worked to-gether on that accomplishes that goal: help people live the American Dream, which is get a job that allows them to eventually save enough money and buy a house. On the escrow part of this, when you get out of the program, you might have a small, little nest egg that you can use as a deposit for that home. So I think this is a great program that does the right thing. If you are a Liberal or a Conservative, no matter what side of the political spectrum you sit on, this program is making the gov-ernment work for people. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. DUFFY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4258, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
AMERICAN INNOVATION $1 COIN ACT Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 770) to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in recogni-tion of American innovation and sig-nificant innovation and pioneering ef-forts of individuals or groups from each of the 50 States, the District of Colum-bia, and the United States territories, to promote the importance of innova-tion in the United States, the District of Columbia, and the United States ter-ritories, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 770 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘American Innovation $1 Coin Act’’. 
SEC. 2. AMERICAN INNOVATION $1 COIN PRO-GRAM. 
Section 5112 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by inserting after subsection (v) the following new subsection: ‘‘(w) R
EDESIGN AND ISSUANCE OF $1 C OINS H
ONORING INNOVATION AND INNOVATORS FROM E
ACHSTATE , THEDISTRICT OF COLUMBIA , AND E
ACHTERRITORY .— ‘‘(1) R
EDESIGN BEGINNING IN 2019 .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding sub-section (d)(1) and subsection (d)(2) and in ac-cordance with the provisions of this sub-section, during the 14-year period beginning on January 1, 2019 (or such later date as pro-vided under subparagraph (B)(ii)), the Sec-retary of the Treasury shall mint and issue $1 coins to be known as ‘American Innova-tion $1 coins’, that— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JA7.009 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH182 January 16, 2018 
‘‘(i) have designs on the obverse selected in accordance with paragraph (2)(A); and ‘‘(ii) have a design on the reverse selected in accordance with paragraph (2)(B). ‘‘(B) C
ONTINUITY PROVISIONS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding sub-paragraph (A), the Secretary shall continue to mint and issue $1 coins honoring Native Americans and their contributions in accord-ance with subsection (r). ‘‘(ii) F
IRST COIN .—Notwithstanding sub-paragraph (A), if the Secretary finds that it is feasible and cost-effective, the Secretary may mint and issue a $1 coin in 2018 to intro-duce the series of coins described in this sub-section, that— ‘‘(I) has the obverse described under para-graph (2)(A); ‘‘(II) has a reverse that bears the inscrip-tion ‘United States of America’ and ‘Amer-ican Innovators’ and a representation of the signature of President George Washington on the first United States patent issued; ‘‘(III) has the edge-incusing described under paragraph (2)(C); and ‘‘(IV) the design for which has reviewed by the Citizens Coinage Advisory Committee ‘‘(C) D
EFINITION OF TERRITORY .—For pur- poses of this subsection, the term ‘territory’ means the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, Guam, American Samoa, the United States Virgin Islands, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. ‘‘(2) D
ESIGN REQUIREMENTS .—Notwith- standing subsection (d)(1) and subsection (d)(2), the $1 coins issued in accordance with paragraph (1)(A) shall meet the following de-sign requirements: ‘‘(A) C
OIN OBVERSE .—The common design on the obverse of each coin issued under this subsection shall contain— ‘‘(i) a likeness of the Statue of Liberty ex-tending to the rim of the coin and large enough to provide a dramatic representation of Liberty; ‘‘(ii) the inscription ‘$1’; and ‘‘(iii) the inscription ‘In God We Trust’. ‘‘(B) C
OIN REVERSE .—The design on the re-verse of each coin issued under this sub-section shall bear the following: ‘‘(i) An image or images emblematic of one of the following from one of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, or the territories of the United States: ‘‘(I) A significant innovation. ‘‘(II) An innovator. ‘‘(III) A group of innovators. ‘‘(ii) The name of the State, the District of Columbia, or territory, as applicable. ‘‘(iii) The inscription ‘United States of America’. ‘‘(C) E
DGE-INCUSED INSCRIPTIONS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The inscription of the year of minting or issuance of the coin, the mint mark, and the inscription ‘E Pluribus Unum’ shall be edge-incused into the coin. ‘‘(ii) P
RESERVATION OF DISTINCTIVE EDGE .— The edge-incusing of the inscriptions under clause (i) on coins issued under this sub-section shall be done in a manner that pre-serves the distinctive edge of the coin so that the denomination of the coin is readily discernible, including by individuals who are blind or visually impaired. ‘‘(3) I
SSUANCE OF COINS COMMEMORATING IN -
NOVATION OR INNOVATORS .— ‘‘(A) O
RDER OF ISSUANCE .—The coins issued under this subsection commemorating either an innovation, an individual innovator, or a group of innovators, from each State, the District of Columbia, or a territory shall be issued in alphabetic order of the State, the District, or territory represented, starting with Alabama, and with the District of Co-lumbia following Delaware. ‘‘(B) I
SSUANCE OF COINS COMMEMORATING  
FOUR INNOVATIONS OR INNOVATORS DURING  
EACH OF 14 YEARS .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—Four $1 coin designs as described in this subsection shall be issued during each year of the period referred to in paragraph (1) until one coin featuring one in-novation, an individual innovator, or a group of innovators, from each of the States, the District of Columbia, and territories has been issued. ‘‘(ii) N
UMBER OF COINS OF EACH DESIGN .— The Secretary shall prescribe, on the basis of such factors as the Secretary determines to be appropriate, the number of $1 coins that shall be issued with each of the designs se-lected for each year of the period referred to in paragraph (1). ‘‘(iii) A
PPLICATION IN EVENT OF THE ADMIS -
SION OF ADDITIONAL STATES OR TERRITORIES .— Notwithstanding clause (i), if any additional State or territory is admitted into the Union before the end of the 14-year period referred to in paragraph (1), the Secretary of the Treasury may issue $1 coins with respect to such additional State or territory, in accord-ance with this subsection during any one year of such 14-year period, in addition to the four $1 coins issued during such year in accordance with clause (i). ‘‘(iv) A
PPLICATION IN THE EVENT OF INDE -
PENDENCE .—Notwithstanding paragraph (3)(B)(i), if any territory becomes inde-pendent or otherwise ceases to be a territory of the United States before $1 coins are mint-ed pursuant to this subsection, the sub-section shall cease to apply with respect to such territory. ‘‘(4) S
ELECTION OF CONCEPT AND DESIGN .— ‘‘(A) C
ONCEPT .—With respect to each State, the District of Columbia, and each territory to be honored with a coin under this sub-section, the selection of the significant inno-vation, innovator, or group of innovators to be borne on the reverse of such coin shall be made by the Secretary of the Treasury, after consultation with the Governor or other chief executive of the State, the District of Columbia, or territory with respect to which a coin is to be issued under this subsection. ‘‘(B) D
ESIGN .—Each of the designs required under this subsection shall be selected by the Secretary after— ‘‘(i) consultation with— ‘‘(I) the Governor or other chief executive of the State, the District of Columbia, or ter-ritory with respect to which a coin is to be issued under this subsection; and ‘‘(II) the Commission of Fine Arts; and ‘‘(ii) review by the Citizens Coinage Advi-sory Committee. ‘‘(C) S
ELECTION AND APPROVAL PROCESS .— Proposals for designs for $1 coins under this subsection may be submitted in accordance with the design selection and approval proc-ess developed by the Secretary in the sole discretion of the Secretary. ‘‘(D) S
TANDARDS .—Because it is important that the Nation’s coinage and currency bear dignified designs of which the citizens of the United States can be proud, the Secretary shall not select any frivolous or inappro-priate design for any $1 coin minted under this subsection. ‘‘(E) P
ROHIBITION ON CERTAIN REPRESENTA -
TIONS .—No head and shoulders portrait or bust of any person and no portrait of a living person may be included in the design of any coin issued under this subsection. ‘‘(5) T
REATMENT AS NUMISMATIC ITEMS .—For purposes of sections 5134 and 5136, all $1 coins minted under this subsection shall be consid-ered to be numismatic items. ‘‘(6) I
SSUANCE OF NUMISMATIC COINS .—The Secretary may mint and issue such number of $1 coins of each design selected under this subsection in uncirculated and proof quali-ties as the Secretary determines to be appro-priate. ‘‘(7) T
ERMINATION OF PROGRAM .—The issuance of coins under this subsection shall terminate when one innovation, an indi-vidual innovator, or a group of innovators, from each State, the District of Columbia, and each territory has been honored and may not be resumed except by an Act of Con-gress.’’. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. D
UFFY ) and the gen-tleman from Connecticut (Mr. H
IMES) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Wisconsin? There was no objection. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 770, the American Innovation $1 Coin Act, introduced by my friend from Connecticut (Mr. H
IMES). The legisla-tion seeks to honor that which is best about America: her innovative spirit. If enacted, the legislation would au-thorize a program under which the Treasury Department’s United States Mint would produce a series of $1 coins celebrating the innovative capacity of the United States. By the way, it is that innovative capacity that makes us so great and competitive and allows our salaries and incomes to rise. Under the program, the front of the coins would have the standardized image symbolic of liberty, and the de-sign on the reverse would be an image or images emblematic of one of a sig-nificant innovation, an innovator or pioneer, or a group of innovators or pioneers. Four different reverse images would be issued annually, representing inno-vations or innovators from each State, territory, or the District of Columbia. The order of issue would be strictly al-phabetical. That means the first issue would go to the great State of Ala-bama. The number of coins of each design would be determined by the Treasury Secretary. While the coins technically would be circulating coins and usable in ordinary commerce, there is no real demand for circulating $1 coins at present. So the demand would strictly be determined by collector interest. The program would be produced at no cost to the taxpayer. I think that is important. Mr. H
IMES made sure of that. Depending on the collector de-mand, it actually might produce a sur-plus that would then be returned to the Treasury’s General Fund. The legislation explicitly states that minting of the innovation coins would in no way interfere with the minting and issuing of the $1 coins honoring Native Americans. Those coins simi-larly have a standardized front design 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.004 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H183 January 16, 2018 
and a reverse design that changes regu-larly, honoring the great contributions that have been made to this country by Native Americans. So, Mr. Speaker, the Presidential dollar, when produced for collectors, had a demand of a little more than 5 million coins per design. That seems to indicate enough interest that would and should approve this program, as it can proceed at no cost to the taxpayer, while allowing the Mint to fully use its facilities. The language we are consid-ering contains some minor technical amendments that will allow the coin production to begin more swiftly, which I think makes sense. I think this is a good bill, and Mr. H
IMES has kind of thought through any red flags that could be risen by any Member on the floor. He has addressed those. Mr. Speaker, I support this bill and encourage my colleagues to do the same, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Wisconsin for his support of this bill and the kind things he said about it. Mr. Speaker, the American Innova-tion $1 Coin Act addresses the decreas-ing numismatic coin sales resulting from the discontinuation of the Presi-dential $1 coin series. When enacted, this bill will first commission the U.S. Mint to create a year-long introductory coin series bearing the semblance of George Wash-ington’s signature on the first patent. The bill will then direct the Mint to release four $1 coins each year, as my friend from Wisconsin said, featuring a great American innovation from each State over the next 14 years. Coins will be issued in alphabetical order, start-ing with Alabama. State innovations will be chosen with input from State Governors, territory executives, the Commission of Fine Arts, and the Citi-zens Coinage Advisory Committee. Mr. Speaker, I am particularly ex-cited about the concept of commemo-rating and honoring innovation. As Mr. D
UFFY has said, this is one of the core strengths of our country. We have fights across the aisle, as we should, over our economy and where this gov-ernment intervenes. I think we agree that one of the key strengths of the United States is our entrepreneurial capacity and the remarkable innova-tions that come out of all 50 States and the territories of the United States. It is right that, in some small way, we honor those innovations and those innovators who help our economy grow, give us competitive advantage, and make us all proud to be part of the United States of America. Mr. Speaker, these coins will be sold as a product for collectors and minted to demand with oversight from the Treasury. Per U.S. Mint reports, to the point made by my friend from Wisconsin, the $1 coin costs less than 35 cents to make. As a product for collectors, the $1 coins sell for more than face value, up to $1.32 each. That is nearly a $1 profit on every coin. Proceeds from this coin will return money to the Treasury. In addition, the infrastruc-ture producing these coins is already in place. This program will sunset once all States and territories have been hon-ored and cannot be resumed, except by an act of Congress. This legislation has the support of members of the coin industry and their local suppliers and service providers across the States, including a number of small businesses in my district. These businesses represent scores of small businesses and thousands of jobs around the country. I believe this bill will engage the public, fill the void of a terminated coin series, help increase the Mint’s profitability, and create and sustain coin-related jobs in both public and pri-vate sectors, all while honoring and commemorating the remarkable inno-vative capacity of our country. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 770, and I thank Chairman HENSARLING , Ranking Member W
ATERS , Chairman B
ARR, and Ranking Member M OORE , as well as my friend from Wisconsin, for their support and determination to get this important bill scheduled and passed. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, again, I think it is im-portant to note that we are using the capacity of the Mint, which costs no additional money. But as Mr. H
IMES pointed out, we are celebrating innova-tion. As a country, we continue to in-novate and create in a way that no one else does in the world. It is that inno-vation and creation that creates more and better jobs for our society, our community, and our families. So I think it is a wonderful idea to cele-brate that by way of a coin that costs the taxpayers no money but celebrates this great American trade. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all Mem-bers to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. D
UFFY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 770, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
EXPANDING INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITIES ACT Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4279) to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to revise any rules necessary to enable closed-end companies to use the securities offer-ing and proxy rules that are available to other issuers of securities, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 4279 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Expanding Investment Opportunities Act’’. 
SEC. 2. PARITY FOR CLOSED-END COMPANIES RE-GARDING OFFERING AND PROXY RULES. 
(a) R EVISION TO RULES .—Not later than the end of the 180 period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, the Securities and Exchange Commission shall propose and, not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Securities and Exchange Commission shall finalize any rules, as ap-propriate, to allow any closed-end company, as defined in section 5(a)(2) of the Invest-ment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–5), that is registered as an investment company under such Act, and is listed on a national securities exchange or that makes periodic repurchase offers pursuant to section 270.23c- 3 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, to use the securities offering and proxy rules, subject to conditions the Commission deter-mines appropriate, that are available to other issuers that are required to file reports under section 13 or section 15(d) of the Secu-rities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m; 78o(d)). Any action that the Commission takes pursuant to this subsection shall con-sider the availability of information to in-vestors, including what disclosures con-stitute adequate information to be des-ignated as a ‘‘well-known seasoned issuer’’. (b) T
REATMENT IF REVISIONS NOTCOM-
PLETED IN A TIMELY MANNER .—If the Com-mission fails to complete the revisions re-quired by subsection (a) by the time required by such subsection, any registered closed-end company that is listed on a national securi-ties exchange or that makes periodic repur-chase offers pursuant to section 270.23c-3 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, shall be deemed to be an eligible issuer under the final rule of the Commission titled ‘‘Securi-ties Offering Reform’’ (70 Fed. Reg. 44722; published August 3, 2005). (c) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .— (1) N
O EFFECT ON RULE 482 .—Nothing in this section or the amendments made by this sec-tion shall be construed to impair or limit in any way a registered closed-end company from using section 230.482 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, to distribute sales ma-terial. (2) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in this sec-tion to a section of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, or to any form or schedule means such rule, section, form, or schedule, or any successor to any such rule, section, form, or schedule. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. D
UFFY ) and the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. F
OSTER ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JA7.013 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH184 January 16, 2018 
which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Wisconsin? There was no objection. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, closed-end funds are im-portant retirement savings and invest-ment vehicles for retail investors and serve as a long-term source of capital for operating companies, which helps promote job creation, research and de-velopment, and economic growth. Despite the many benefits of closed- end funds, the number of closed-end funds has been declining over the last several years. Closed-end funds occupy a unique space within a framework of regulated investment companies. They have op-portunities to invest in small enter-prises and stocks and bonds that they may issue that would not necessarily be ones that are open-ended or invested in by mutual funds. Since the SEC has adopted its 2005 of-fering reform for traditional operating companies, the SEC has had more than 12 years to consider a parallel frame-work for closed-end funds, but has failed to do so. H.R. 4279 would direct the SEC to draft rules as appropriate to permit closed-end funds to take ad-vantage of the 2005 offering reforms. If the SEC does not finalize these rules within 1 year, closed-end funds that otherwise meet the requirements could take advantage of the 2005 offer-ing reforms until the SEC adopts a rule. By simplifying the closed-end fund offering process and liberalizing existing restrictions on communica-tions, the legislation would reduce un-necessary regulatory burdens that raise cost for investors. In turn, this would enhance the ability of closed-end funds to act as a source of financing for the economy. I think this is a commonsense piece of legislation. I would also note that, in a committee that often doesn’t see a lot of bipartisanship, this bill passed out of committee with a vote of 58–2, signifying broad and wide support amongst the parties and from our com-mittee. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1645 Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and rise today in support of H.R. 4279. This was a thoroughly negotiated bill, incorporating the views of affected funds and consumer and investor advo-cacy groups. My staff worked with Congressman H
OLLINGSWORTH ’s staff up to the elev-enth hour in committee, dem-onstrating the importance of bipar-tisan relationships in creating legisla-tion. The ranking member’s staff and the chairman’s staff worked with us throughout this process, and I offered an amendment that we all agreed to. My amendment simply changed the approach the bill used to accomplish parity for closed-end investment funds with operating companies under the SEC’s securities offering reforms of 2005. Moving this bill in regular order, we heard in a legislative hearing that there were reasons why parity might not mean identical treatment. This amendment would direct the SEC to propose, within 180 days, a rule that would allow closed-end funds that are listed or have periodic redemptions— interval funds—to be treated as well- known seasoned issuers, WKSIs. This rule will have to be finalized within a year, or else the bill will pro-vide a statutory ability for these com-panies to qualify if they meet the other criteria currently applicable to oper-ating companies. The SEC can act at any time thereafter to propose rules that would be controlling for closed- end funds covered by the bill. I encourage the SEC to consider the disclosure regime under the Invest-ment Company Act of 1940 to promul-gate a rule that will allow listed closed-end funds and interval funds to use the streamlined offering and proxy rules that are available to WKSIs. This bill will increase options for in-vestors and savers while ensuring that protections appropriate to a WKSI are applied to closed-end and interval funds. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all of my colleagues to support this bill as it comes to a decision on the floor, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH ), the sponsor of this legislation. Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4279. There are two big problems that I hear a lot about in district. The first is ensuring that mom-and-pop investors in retail Main Street America have all of the options available to them to be able to invest for their future retire-ment and invest for their kids’ college education. They want a cornucopia of different investment opportunities for them to be able to pursue: making the decision as to whether mutual funds are the right answer, making the deci-sion as to whether open-end funds are the right answer, making the decision as to whether ETFs are the right an-swer, and making the decision as to whether, yes, closed-end funds are the right answer. Over the last 10 years, we have seen closed-end funds decline in number by 81 percent. Some of that decline has been because of the regulatory burden, the onerous burden that is on them, compared to some of their counter-parts. We want to make sure that ulti-mately there might be reasons for a level playing field between them and some other well-known seasoned issuers. The second big problem that I con-tinue to hear about is how dynamic the market is; how fleeting opportunities are; and how we need to make sure that there is not long, duplicative timelines and not onerous, duplicative paperwork that companies and closed- end funds are having to fill out and having to wait in order to take advan-tage of the opportunities that may exist in the market. We want to trun-cate down that time without removing any of the regulation and governance that is so important to ensuring the transparency and credibility of U.S. markets around the world. I want to thank Mr. FOSTER because, as he well said, from day one he has been diligently working on both of those problems. We have been able to work together and, as he said, nego-tiate all the way through the eleventh hour, not to come up with a shotgun solution that doesn’t address both of these, but, instead, to come up with a comprehensive solution that solves both of these problems: the problem for the Main Street mom-and-pop 401(k) investor that wants to be able to pur-sue different opportunities in saving for their retirement, and for companies that are pursuing dynamic opportuni-ties in the market. I want them to be as competitive as possible in this glob-al marketplace. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. F
OSTER for all of his effort along the way. I want to thank the committee for their 58–2 support of this legislation. I am hope-ful and I urge my colleagues on the floor to vote for this legislation as well. I think this is a commonsense, thoughtful approach to both of those problems that I hear far too often when I am back home in my district. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, at this point I have no further speakers, so I would like to close with a few words here. This bipartisan bill will increase op-tions for investors and savers while en-suring that the protections appropriate to a WKSI are applied to closed-end fund and interval funds. It is my hope that we can do more bipartisan work like this in our committee and in our Congress for the remainder of this term. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, this is a unique space where, oftentimes, we would look to the SEC to actually act. Because they haven’t acted, I am proud to say I am part of a group in Congress that are willing to act proactively to make sure, again, we are protecting in-vestors, protecting savers, but also helping capital flow into spaces that are so needed by this reform. Mr. Speaker, again, I encourage all of my colleagues to support this common-sense, bipartisan bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. D
UFFY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4279, as amended. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JA7.016 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H185 January 16, 2018 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
MISCELLANEOUS TARIFF BILL ACT OF 2018 Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4318) to amend the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States to modify temporarily certain rates of duty, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 4318 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; REFERENCE; EXPIRED PROVISIONS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Miscellaneous Tariff Bill Act of 2018’’. (b) R
EFERENCE .—Except as otherwise ex-pressly provided, whenever in this Act an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a chapter, subchapter, note, additional U.S. note, head-ing, subheading, or other provision, the ref-erence shall be considered to be made to a chapter, subchapter, note, additional U.S. note, heading, subheading, or other provision of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States. (c) EXPIRED PROVISIONS .—Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended— (1) by striking heading 9902.01.01 and all headings that follow through the end of such subchapter; and (2) by striking U.S. Note 7 and U.S. Notes 13 through 19. 
SEC. 2. FROZEN, BOILED GLUTINOUS CORN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.01 Frozen, boiled glutinous corn (other than sweet corn), not reduced in size (provided for in subheading 0710.80.70) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 3. MUSTARD SEED OIL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.02 Mustard seed oil and its fractions, other than crude, not denatured, not chemically modified (provided for in subheading 1514.99.90) ...................................................................................................... ............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 4. COCOA POWDER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.03 Cocoa powder, not containing added sugar or other sweetening matter (provided for in subheading 1805.00.00) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 5. ARTICHOKES, IN VINEGAR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.04 Artichokes, prepared or preserved by vinegar or acetic acid (provided for in subheading 2001.90.25) ........... 7.2 % No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 6. PEPPERONCINI, PRESERVED BY VINEGAR, IN GLASS JARS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.05 Pepperoncini, prepared or preserved by vinegar or acetic acid and presented in glass jars (provided for in subheading 2001.90.38) ......................................................................................................... .............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 7. PEPPERONCINI, VINEGAR PRESERVED, NOT IN GLASS JARS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.06 Pepperoncini, prepared or preserved by vinegar or acetic acid and presented in containers other than glass jars (provided for in subheading 2001.90.38) ................................................................................... .................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 8. MINCED PIMIENTO STUFFED GREEN OL-IVES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.07 Olives, green in color, stuffed with minced pimiento, the foregoing in brine and presented in glass con-tainers, other than place packed (provided for in subheading 2005.70.25) ...................................................... F ree No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 9. PIMIENTOS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JA7.018 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH186 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.01.08 Pimientos, prepared or preserved otherwise than by vinegar or acetic acid, not frozen (provided for in sub-heading 2005.99.50) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 10. PEPPERONCINI, OTHER THAN PRE-SERVED BY VINEGAR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.09 Pepperoncini, prepared or preserved otherwise than by vinegar or acetic acid, not frozen (provided for in subheading 2005.99.55) ......................................................................................................... .............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 11. ARTICHOKES, OTHER THAN IN VINEGAR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.10 Artichokes, prepared or preserved otherwise than by vinegar or acetic acid, not frozen (provided for in sub-heading 2005.99.80) ............................................................................................................ ................................. 12.7% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 12. DRIED STRAWBERRIES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.11 Strawberries, brined and then oven-dried or tunnel-dried, the foregoing infused with sugar (provided for in subheading 2008.80.00) ......................................................................................................... .............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 13. EDIBLE POWDER CONTAINING CON-JUGATED LINOLEIC ACID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.12 Edible powder containing conjugated linoleic acid (CAS Nos. 2540–56–9 and 2420–56–6) containing over 10 percent by weight of milk solids (provided for in subheading 2106.90.82) ................................................. Fre e No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 14. NICOTINE GUM. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.13 Gum containing nicotine and containing synthetic sweetening agents (e.g., saccharin) instead of sugar (provided for in subheading 2106.90.98) ........................................................................................ ..................... 5.8% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 15. COCONUT WATER JUICE BLENDS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.14 Coconut water juice blends, not from concentrate, packaged for retail sale (provided for in subheading 2009.90.40) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 16. COCONUT WATER IN PAPER CARTONS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.15 Coconut water, not from concentrate, not containing added sugar or other sweetening matter, packaged for retail sale in paper-based cartons (provided for in subheading 2009.89.60) .................................................... F ree No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 17. FLAVORED COCONUT WATER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.16 Coconut water not from concentrate, flavored, packaged for retail sale (provided for in subheading 2009.89.60) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 18. COCONUT WATER IN PET BOTTLES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H187 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.01.17 Coconut water, not from concentrate, not containing added sugar or other sweetening, certified by the im-porter as from conventionally grown (non-organic) coconuts, packaged for retail sale in 500 milliliter poly-ethylene terephthalate bottles (provided for in subheading 2009.89.60) ......................................................... .. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 19. ISODODECANE (CAS 93685–81–5). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.18 Light oil fractions containing more than 50 percent by weight of isododecane (CAS No. 93685–81–5) (pro-vided for in subheading 2710.12.90) ............................................................................................ ....................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 20. ISOHEXADECANE (CAS NO. 93685–80–4). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.19 Medium oil fractions containing more than 50 percent by weight of isohexadecane (CAS No. 93685–80–4) (provided for in subheading 2710.19.90) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 21. SODIUM. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.20 Sodium, containing more than 200 ppm of calcium (CAS No. 7440–23–5) (provided for in subheading 2805.11.00) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... 2.5% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 22. SODIUM CONTAINING NOT MORE THAN 200 PPM OF CALCIUM. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.21 Sodium, containing not more than 200 ppm of calcium (CAS No. 7440-23-5) (provided for in subheading 2805.11.00) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... 0.7% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 23. NITROSYL SULFURIC ACID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.22 Nitrosylsulfuric acid (CAS. No. 7782–78–7) (provided for in subheading 2811.19.61) ............................... ...... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 24. HYPOPHOSPHOROUS ACID 50%. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.23 Hypophosphorous acid 50% (phosphinic acid) (CAS No. 6303–21–5) (provided for in subheading 2811.19.61) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 25. SULFAMIC ACID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.24 Sulfamic acid (CAS No. 5329–14–6) (provided for in subheading 2811.19.61) ........................................ ........ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 26. HEXAFLUOROZIRCONIC ACID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.25 Dihydrogen hexafluorozirconate(2-) (Hexafluorozirconic acid) (CAS No. 12021–95–3) (provided for in sub-heading 2811.19.61) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 27. CERTAIN SPHERICAL PARTICLES OF SIL-ICON DIOXIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH188 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.01.26 Dioxosilane (Silicon dioxide amorphous) (CAS No. 7631–86–9) entirely spherical micro-spheres of mean particle size of 0.005 mm or smaller, uniform particle size with a uniformity coefficient of 1.65 or less, trace metal impurities less than 70 ppm, specific electrical resistance of 50,000 Ohm cm (provided for in subheading 2811.22.10) ......................................................................................................... .............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 28. CERTAIN SPHERICAL PARTICLES OF SIL-ICON DIOXIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.27 Dioxosilane (Silicon dioxide amorphous) (CAS No. 7631–86–9) entirely spherical micro-spheres of mean particle size of between 0.007 and 0.020 mm, uniform particle size with a uniformity coefficient of 1.65 or less, trace metal impurities less than 70 ppm, specific electrical resistance of 50,000 Ohm cm (provided for in subheading 2811.22.10) .................................................................................................. ........................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 29. CERTAIN SPHERICAL PARTICLES OF SIL-ICON DIOXIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.28 Dioxosilane (Silicon dioxide amorphous) (CAS No. 7631–86–9) presented in the form of entirely spherical micro-spheres, certified by the importer as having a mean particle size of between 0.046 and 0.054 mm, uniform particle size with a uniformity coefficient of 1.65 or less and specific electrical resistance of 50,000 Ohm cm or more (provided for in subheading 2811.22.10) .................................................................. . Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 30. CERTAIN SPHERICAL PARTICLES OF SIL-ICON DIOXIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.29 Silicon dioxide amorphous, certified by the importer as comprising entirely spherical micro-spheres with mean particle size of 28 to 45 micrometers ( μm) and surface area 600 to 800 m
2/g (CAS No. 7631–86–9) (provided for in subheading 2811.22.10) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 31. CERTAIN SPHERICAL PARTICLES OF SIL-ICON DIOXIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.30 Amorphous silicon dioxide micro-spheres of mean particle size of 0.050-0.100 mm, and specific electrical resistance of 50,000 Ohm cm or more (CAS No. 7631–86–9) (provided for in subheading 2811.22.10) ........ Free No change No change  On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 32. CERTAIN SPHERICAL PARTICLES OF SIL-ICON DIOXIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.31 Amorphous silicon dioxide micro-spheres of mean particle size 0.003-0.018 mm, linseed oil absorption 30- 40 ml/g, surface area less than 80 m
2/g, and pore volume less than 0.1 ml/g (CAS No. 7631–86–9) (pro- vided for in subheading 2811.22.10) ............................................................................................ ....................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 33. CERTAIN SPHERICAL PARTICLES OF SIL-ICON DIOXIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.32 Entirely spherical silicon dioxide micro-spheres, certified by the importer as having mean particle size of 3 to 18 micrometers (μm), linseed oil absorption 150 to 400 ml/g, microbial count less than 100 cfu/g, mold count less than 100 cfu/g, heavy metals less than 20 ppm, surface area 300 to 800 m
2/g and pore vol- ume of 0.8 to 2.5 ml/g (CAS No. 7631–86–9) (provided for in subheading 2811.22.10) ................................. Free No chan ge No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 34. THIONYL CHLORIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.33 Thionyl chloride (CAS No. 7719–09–7) (provided for in subheading 2812.17.00) ..................................... ........ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H189 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 35. GREEN CHROME OXIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.34 Chromium(III) oxide (CAS No. 1308–38–9) (provided for in subheading 2819.90.00) .................................. ..... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 36. OXOIRON. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.35 Iron(III) oxide (Pigment red 101) (CAS No. 1309–37–1) (provided for in subheading 2821.10.00) .................. 2. 1% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 37. HYDROXYLAMINE FREE BASE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.36 Hydroxylamine (CAS No. 7803–49–8) (provided for in subheading 2825.10.00) ........................................ ........ 2.7% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 38. HYDROXYLAMINE SULPHATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.37 Hydroxylamine sulfate (bis(hydroxylammonium) sulfate) (CAS No. 10039–54–0) (provided for in subheading 2825.10.00) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 39. HYDRAZINE 64%. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.38 Hydrazine, 64 percent solution in water (CAS No. 302–01–2) (provided for in subheading 2825.10.00) ......... Free N o change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 40. GERMANIUM DIOXIDE (GEO2). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.39 Germanium dioxide, powder form (CAS No. 1310–53–8) (provided for in subheading 2825.60.00) ................. Free N o change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 41. TIN (IV) OXIDE, SNO2. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.40 Tin(IV) oxide (stannic oxide) (Dioxostannane) (CAS No. 18282-10-5) (provided for in subheading 2825.90.20) Free N o change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 42. AMMONIUM BIFLUORIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.41 Ammonium bifluoride (Ammonium fluoride hydrofluoride (1:1:1)) (CAS No. 1341–49–7) (provided for in sub-heading 2826.19.10) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 43. SODIUM FLUORIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.42 Sodium Fluoride (CAS No. 7681–49–4) (provided for in subheading 2826.19.20) ...................................... ....... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 44. STANNOUS FLUORIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.43 Tin fluoride (CAS No. 7783–47–3) (provided for in subheading 2826.19.90) ......................................... ........... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH190 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 45. SODIUM HYDROGEN DIFLUORIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.44 Sodium hydrogen difluoride (CAS No. 1333–83–1) (provided for in subheading 2826.19.90) .......................... F ree No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 46. CHROMIUM FLUORIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.45 Chromium(3+) trifluoride (CAS No. 7788–97–8) (provided for in subheading 2826.19.90) ............................. . Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 47. POTASSIUM BIFLUORIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.46 Potassium fluoride hydrofluoride (CAS No. 7789–29–9) (provided for in subheading 2826.19.90) .................. Fre e No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 48. POTASSIUM FLUOROBORATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.47 Potassium fluoroborate (CAS No. 14075–53–7) (provided for in subheading 2826.90.90) .............................. . Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 49. POTASSIUM FLUOTITANATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.48 Potassium fluotitanate (Dipotassium hexafluorotitanate(2-)) (CAS No. 16919–27–0) (provided for in sub-heading 2826.90.90) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 50. POTASSIUM ZIRCONATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.49 Potassium zirconate (CAS No.16923–95–8) (provided for in subheading 2826.90.90) .................................. .... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 51. TITANIUM TRICHLORIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.50 Titanium trichloride (CAS No. 7705–07–9) (provided for in subheading 2827.39.30) ................................. ...... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 52. COBALT CHLORIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.51 Cobalt chloride (dichlorocobalt hydrate (1:1)) (CAS No. 7791–13–1) (provided for in subheading 2827.39.60) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 53. CESIUM CHLORIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.52 Cesium Chloride (CAS No. 7647–17–8) (provided for in subheading 2827.39.90) ...................................... ...... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 54. CESIUM IODIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.53 Cesium iodide (CAS No. 7789–17–5) (provided for in subheading 2827.60.51) ........................................ ........ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H191 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 55. SODIUM SULFIDES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.54 Sodium sulfide (CAS No. 1313–82–2) (provided for in subheading 2830.10.00) ....................................... ....... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 56. SODIUM THIOSULFATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.55 Sodium Thiosulfate Pentahydrate (Sodium sulfurothioate hydrate (2:1.5)) (CAS No.10102–17–7) (provided for in subheading 2832.30.10) .................................................................................................. ........................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 57. BARIUM NITRATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.56 Barium dinitrate (CAS No. 10022–31–8) (provided for in subheading 2834.29.51) .................................... ...... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 58. SODIUM HYPOPHOSPHITE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.57 Sodium hypophosphite monohydrate (CAS No. 10039–56–2) (provided for in subheading 2835.10.00) ........... Free No c hange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 59. MONOPOTASSIUM PHOSPHATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.58 Monopotassium phosphate (CAS No. 7778–77–0) (provided for in subheading 2835.24.00) ............................ 1. 0% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 60. AMMONIUM POLYPHOSPHATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.59 Ammonium polyphosphate (CAS No. 68333–79–9) (provided for in subheading 2835.39.50) .......................... Free  No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 61. COBALT CARBONATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.60 Cobalt carbonate (cobalt(2+) carbonate hydrate (1:1:1)) (CAS No. 513–79–1) (provided for in subheading 2836.99.10) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 62. ZIRCONIUM BASIC CARBONATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.61 Zirconium basic carbonate (zirconium(4+) dicarbonate) (CAS No. 57219–64–4) (provided for in subheading 2836.99.50) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 63. POTASSIUM FERRICYANIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.62 Potassium Ferricyanide (CAS No.13746–66–2) (provided for in subheading 2837.20.10) ............................... .. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 64. SODIUM FERROCYANIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.63 Sodium Ferrocyanide (CAS No. 13601–19–9) (provided for in subheading 2837.20.51) ................................. .. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH192 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 65. POTASSIUM FERROCYANIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.64 Potassium Ferrocyanide (CAS No.14459–95–1) (provided for in subheading 2837.20.51) ............................... . Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 66. SODIUM METASILICATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.65 Sodium oxosilanediolate hydrate (2:1:9) (Sodium metasilicate nonahydrate) (CAS No. 13517–24–3) (pro-vided for in subheading 2839.11.00) ............................................................................................ ....................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 67. POTASSIUM TETRABORATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.66 Potassium Tetraborate (CAS No. 12045–78–2) (provided for in subheading 2840.20.00) ............................... . Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 68. SODIUM TUNGSTATE DIHYDRATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.67 Disodium dioxido(dioxo)tungsten (disodium wolframate) (CAS No. 13472–45–2) (provided for in subheading 2841.80.00) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 69. SODIUM THIOCYANATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.68 Sodium thiocyanate (CAS No. 540–72–7) (provided for in subheading 2842.90.10) .................................... ..... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 70. SILVER SODIUM ZIRCONIUM HYDROGENPHOSPHATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.69 Silver sodium zirconium hydrogenphosphate (CAS No. 265647–11–8) (provided for in subheading 2843.29.01) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 71. MIXED RARE EARTH OXIDES KNOWN AS LUMINOSTAR UY. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.70 Mixtures or coprecipitates of yttrium phosphate (CAS No. 13990–54–0) and cerium phosphate (CAS No. 13454–71–2) (provided for in subheadings 2846.10.00 and 2846.90.80) ......................................................... Fre e No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 72. LANTHANUM OXIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.71 Lanthanum(III) oxide (CAS No. 1312–81–8) (provided for in subheading 2846.90.80) ................................. .... 2.4% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 73. LANTHANUM CARBONATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.72 Lanthanum carbonate (CAS No. 54451–24–0) (provided for in subheading 2846.90.80) ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 74. LUTETIUM OXIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H193 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.01.73 Lutetium oxide (CAS No. 12032–20–1) (provided for in subheading 2846.90.80) ...................................... ....... 2.2% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 75. PRECURSORS FOR PHOSPHORS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.74 Lanthanum phosphate, cerium terbium-doped (CAS No. 95823–34–0) (provided for in subheading 2846.90.80) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 76. YTTRIUM OXIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.75 Yttrium oxides having a purity of at least 99.9 percent (CAS No. 1314–36–9) (provided for in subheading 2846.90.80) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 77. YTTERBIUM TRIFLUORIDE POWDER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.76 Ytterbium trifluoride powder (CAS No. 13760–80–0) with a median particle size of greater than 0.2 mi-crons and less than 0.7 microns (provided for in subheading 2846.90.80) ...................................................... Fr ee No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 78. TITANIUM HYDRIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.77 Titanium(2+) dihydride (Titanium hydride) (CAS No. 7704-98-5) (provided for in subheading 2850.00.07) .... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 79. TITANIUM HYDRIDE PASTE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.78 Mixtures containing titanium dihydride pastes of a kind used for coating the interior of low-pressure mer-cury lamps (CAS No. 7704–98–5) (provided for in subheading 2850.00.07) ..................................................... Free  No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 80. LITHIUM ALUMINUM HYDRIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.79 Lithium tetrahydridoaluminate(1-) (Lithium aluminum hydride) (CAS No. 16853–85–3) (provided for in sub-heading 2850.00.50) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 81. CYANAMIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.80 Cyanamide (CAS No. 420-04-2) (provided for in subheading 2853.90.90) ............................................. ........... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 82. N-BUTYL CHLORIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.81 n-Butyl chloride (1-Chlorobutane) (CAS No. 109–69–3) (provided for in subheading 2903.19.60) .................. Fre e No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 83. HEXANE, 1,6-DICHLORO-. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.82 1,6-Dichlorohexane (CAS No. 2163–00–0) (provided for in subheading 2903.19.60) ................................... ..... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 84. ALLYL BROMIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH194 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.01.83 Allyl Bromide (3-bromo-1-propene) (CAS No. 106–95–6) (provided for in subheading 2903.39.20) ................. Free  No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 85. DCP. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.84 1,6,7,8,9,14,15,16, 17,17,18,18- Dodecachloropentacyclo [12.2.1.1
6,9.02,13 .05,10] octadeca-7,15-diene (CAS No. 13560-89-9) (provided for in subheading 2903.89.31) ................................................................... .... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 86. MONOCHLOROBENZENE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.85 Chlorobenzene (CAS No.108–90–7) (provided for in subheading 2903.91.10) .......................................... ......... 3.9% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 87. O-DICHLOROBENZENE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.86 o-Dichlorobenzene (1,2-dichlorobenzene) (CAS No. 95-50-1) (provided for in subheading 2903.91.20) ........... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 88. P-DICHLOROBENZENE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.87 p-Dichlorobenzene (1,4-dichlorobenzene) (CAS No. 106–46–7) (provided for in subheading 2903.91.30) ........ 2.7% No  change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 89. 1-CHLORO-4-(TRIFLUOROMETHYL) BEN-ZENE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.88 1-Chloro-4-(trifluoromethyl) benzene (CAS No. 98–56–6) (provided for in subheading 2903.99.08) ................ 4.3 % No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 90. 1,2,4-TRICHLOROBENZENE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.89 1,2,4-Trichlorobenzene (CAS No. 120–82–1) (provided for in subheading 2903.99.10) ................................ ..... 2.9% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 91. α,α,α-TRICHLOROTOLUENE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.90 α,α,α-Trichlorotoluene (CAS No. 98–07–7) (provided for in subheading 2903.99.20) ..................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 92. O-CHLOROBENZYL CHLORIDE (OCBC). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.91 2-Chlorobenzyl chloride (CAS No. 611–19–8) (provided for in subheading 2903.99.80) ............................... .... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 93. DICHLOROTOLUENE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.92 Dichloromethylbenzene (CAS no. 29797–40–8) (provided for in subheading 2903.99.80) ............................... .. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 94. 2-CHLORO-6-FLUOROBENZYLCHORIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.93 1-Chloro-2-chloromethyl-3-fluorobenzene (CAS No. 55117-15-2) (provided for in subheading 2903.99.80) ..... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H195 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 95. DEMBB. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.94 2-Bromo-1,3-diethyl-5-methylbenzene (CAS No. 314084–61–2) (DEMBB) (provided for in subheading 2903.99.80) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... 2.1% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 96. O-CHLOROTOLUENE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.95 2-Chlorotoluene (CAS No. 95-49-8) (provided for in subheading 2903.99.80) ........................................ ........... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 97. 3-MBC. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.96 1-(Chloromethyl)-3-methylbenzene (CAS No. 620–19–9) (provided for in subheading 2903.99.80) .................. Free  No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 98. BENZENESULFONYL CHLORIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.97 Benzenesulfonyl chloride (CAS No. 98–09–9) (provided for in subheading 2904.10.08) ............................... .... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 99. SPINOMAR LISS - LITHIUM P- STYRENESULFONATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.98 Lithium p-styrenesulfonate (CAS No. 4551–88–6) (provided for in subheading 2904.10.32) ........................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 100. SPINOMAR NASS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.99 Sodium 4-vinylbenzenesulfonate (CAS No. 2695–37–6) (provided for in subheading 2904.10.37) ................... Free  No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 101. PARA TOLUENE SULFONIC ACID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.01 p-Toluenesulfonic acid (4-methylbenzenesulfonic acid hydrate (1:1)) (CAS No. 6192–52–5) (provided for in subheading 2904.10.37) ......................................................................................................... .............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 102. METHANESULFONIC ACID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.02 Methanesulfonic acid (CAS No. 75–75–2) (provided for in subheading 2904.10.50) ................................... ..... 0.8% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 103. METHANESULFONYL CHLORIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.03 Methanesulfonyl chloride (CAS No. 124–63–0) (provided for in subheading 2904.10.50) .............................. ... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 104. 4-CHLORO3,5DINITROBENZOTRIFLUORIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH196 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.02.04 4-Chloro-3,5-dinitro- α,α,α-trifluorotoluene (CAS No. 393–75–9) (provided for in subheading 2904.99.15) ... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 105. 2-METHYL-5-NITROBENZENESULFONIC ACID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.05 2-Methyl-5-nitrobenzenesulfonic acid (CAS No. 121–03–9) (provided for in subheading 2904.99.20) ............. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 106. TRIFLIC ACID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.06 Triflic acid (trifluoromethanesulfonic acid) (CAS No.1493–13–6) (provided for in subheading 2904.99.50) .... Free N o change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 107. TRIFLIC ANHYDRIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.07 Triflic anhydride (trifluoromethanesulfonic anhydride) (CAS No. 358–23–6) (provided for in subheading 2904.99.50) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 108. POTASSIUM PERFLUOROETHYL CYCLOHEXANESULPHONATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.08 Potassium 2,2,3,3,4,4,5,5,6,6-decafluoro-1-(pentafluoroethyl)cyclohexanesulfonate (CAS No. 67584–42–3) (provided for in subheading 2904.99.50) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 109. 2-OCTANOL SOLVENT. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.09 2-Octanol (CAS No. 123–96–6) (provided for in subheading 2905.16.00) ............................................. ............ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 110. ISOSTEARYL ALCOHOL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.10 16-Methyl-1-heptadecanol (Isostearyl alcohol) (CAS No. 27458–93–1) (provided for in subheading 2905.19.90) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 111. SODIUM METHYLATE POWDER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.11 Sodium methylate powder (CAS No. 124–41–4) (provided for in subheading 2905.19.90) ............................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 112. MAGNESIUM TERT-BUTOXIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.12 Magnesium bis(2-methyl-2-propanolate) (Magenesium tert-butoxide) (CAS No. 32149–57–8) (provided for in subheading 2905.19.90) ......................................................................................................... .............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 113. PROPARGYL ALCOHOL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H197 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.02.13 2-Propyn-1-ol (propargyl alcohol) (CAS No. 107–19–7) (provided for in subheading 2905.29.90) ................... Fr ee No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 114. LEAF ALCOHOL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.14 cis-3-Hexen-1-ol (CAS No. 928–96–1) (provided for in subheading 2905.29.90) ...................................... ........ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 115. PUROLAN PD-LO. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.15 1,2-Pentanediol (CAS No. 5343–92–0) (provided for in subheading 2905.39.90) ...................................... ....... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 116. 2,5-DIMETHYLHEXANE-2,5-DIOL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.16 2,5-Dimethyl-2,5-hexanediol (CAS No. 110–03–2) (provided for in subheading 2905.39.90) ........................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 117. MENTHOL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.17 d-Menthol (CAS No. 15356–60–2)(provided for in subheading 2906.11.00) ..................................................... Free N o change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 118. α-NAPHTHOL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.19 α-Naphthol (CAS No. 90–15–3) (provided for in subheading 2907.15.10) ........................................................ Free  No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 119. THYMOL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.20 Thymol (2-isopropyl-5-methylphenol) (CAS No. 89–83–8) (provided for in subheading 2907.19.40) ................ Free  No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 120. PREVENTOL O EXTRA, PREVENTOL O EXTRA PRESERVATIVE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.21 2-Phenylphenol (CAS No. 90–43–7) (provided for in subheading 2907.19.80) ......................................... ......... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 121. PREVENTOL ON EXTRA PRESERVATIVE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.22 2-Phenylphenol sodium salt (CAS No. 132–27–4) (provided for in subheading 2907.19.80) ............................ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 122. RESORCINOL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.23 Resorcinol (CAS No. 108–46–3) (provided for in subheading 2907.21.00) ............................................ ............ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 123. PYROGALLIC ACID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.24 Pyrogallol (Pyrogallic acid) (CAS No. 87–66–1) (provided for in subheading 2907.29.10) ........................... ..... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH198 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 124. LEUCOQUINIZARIN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.25 Leucoquinizarin as 1,4,9,10-tetrahydroxyanthracene (CAS No. 476–60–8), 2,3-dihydro-9,10- dihydroxyanthracene-1,4-dione (CAS No. 17648–03–2) or 2,3-dihydro-1,4-dihydroxy-9,10-anthracenedione (CAS No. 40498–13–3) (provided for in subheading 2907.29.90 or 2914.69.90) .............................................. Free No  change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 125. 2,2’-METHYLENE-BIS-(4-METHYL-6-TERT- BUTYLPHENOL). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.26 6,6’-Di-tert-butyl-2,2’-methylenedi-p-cresol (CAS No. 119–47–1) (provided for in subheading 2907.29.90) ... Free No  change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 126. 2,2’-(2-METHYLPROPYLIDENE)BIS[4,6-DI-METHYL-PHENOL]. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.27 2,2’-(2-Methyl-1,1-propanediyl)bis(4,6-dimethylphenol) (CAS No. 33145–10–7) (provided for in subheading 2907.29.90) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 127. 4,4’-BUTYLIDENEBIS(3-METHYL-6-TERT- BUTYLPHENOL). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.28 4,4’-(1,1-Butanediyl)bis[5-methyl-2-(2-methyl-2-propanyl)phenol] (CAS No. 85–60–9) (provided for in sub-heading 2907.29.90) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 128. 2,5-BIS(1,1-DIMETHYLPROPYL)-1,4-BENZ-ENEDIOL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.29 2,5-Bis(2-methyl-2-butanyl)-1,4-benzenediol (CAS No. 79–74–3) (provided for in subheading 2907.29.90) ... Free No c hange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 129. TRIS(2’-METHYL-4’-HYDROXY-5’-T- BUTYLPHENYL)BUTANE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.30 4,4’,4’’-(1,1,3-Butanetriyl)tris[5-methyl-2-(2-methyl-2-propanyl)phenol] (CAS No. 1843–03–4) (provided for in subheading 2907.29.90) ...................................................................................................... ............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 130. POLYMER ADDITIVES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.31 2,2’-Methylenebis[4-ethyl-6-(2-methyl-2-propanyl)phenol] (CAS No. 88–24–4) (provided for in subheading 2907.29.90) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 131. ORTHO NITRO PHENOL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.32 2-Nitrophenol (o-nitrophenol) (CAS No. 88–75–5) (provided for in subheading 2908.99.25) .......................... .. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 132. 3-TRIFLUOROMETHYL-4-NITROPHENOL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.33 3-Trifluoromethyl-4-nitrophenol (CAS No. 88–30–2) (provided for in subheading 2908.99.80) ........................ . Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H199 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 133. NKTR-118 (PEG)7 MESYLATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.34 2,5,8,11,14,17,20-Heptaoxadocosan-22-ol methanesulfonate (CAS No. 477775–57–8) (provided for in sub-heading 2909.19.60) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 134. OXYFLUORFEN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.35 2-Chloro-α,α,α-trifluoro-p-tolyl-3-ethoxy-4-nitrophenyl ether (Oxyfluorfen) (CAS No. 42874–03–3) (provided for in subheading 2909.30.30) .................................................................................................. ........................... 0.8% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 135. NITRATED AROMATIC ETHER OR OPNA. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.36 1-Methoxy-2,4-dinitrobenzene (2,4-Dinitroanisole) (CAS No. 119–27–7) (provided for in subheading 2909.30.60) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 136. ALLYL PENTAERYTHRITOL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.37 2-(Hydroxymethyl)-2-(prop-2-enoxymethyl) propane-1,3-diol (CAS No. 91648–24–7) (provided for in sub-heading 2909.49.60) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 137. T-BUTYL CUMYL PEROXIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.38 t-Butyl cumyl peroxide ({2-[(2-methyl-2-propanyl)peroxy]-2-propanyl γbenzene) (CAS No. 3457–61–2) (pro- vided for in subheading 2909.60.10) ............................................................................................ ....................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 138. DICUMYL PEROXIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.39 Bis(α,α-dimethylbenzyl) peroxide (dicumyl peroxide) (CAS No. 80–43–3) (provided for in subheading 2909.60.20) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 139. CUMENE HYDROPEROXIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.40 2-Phenyl-2-propanyl hydroperoxide (cumene hydroperoxide) (CAS No. 80–15–9) (provided for in subheading 2909.60.20) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 140. 2,5-DIMETHYL-2,5-DI(TERT- BUTYLPEROXY)HEXANE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.41 2,5-Dimethyl-2,5-bis[(2-methyl-2-propanyl)peroxy]hexane (CAS No. 78–63–7) (provided for in HTS sub-heading 2909.60.50). ........................................................................................................... ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 141. ALLYL GLYCIDYL ETHER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.42 (2S)-2-[(Allyloxy)methyl]oxirane (CAS No. 106–92–3) (provided for in subheading 2910.90.91) ...................... . Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH200 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 142. 2-BROMO-1,1-DIMETHOXYETHANE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.43 2-Bromo-1,1-dimethoxyethane (CAS No. 7252–83–7) (provided for in subheading 2911.00.50) ...................... Free  No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 143. 3,7-DIMETHYLOCTA-2,6-DIENAL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.44 3,7-Dimethylocta-2,6-dienal (citral) (CAS No. 5392–40–5) (provided for in subheading 2912.19.10) ............. Free  No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 144. GLYOXAL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.45 Glyoxal (CAS No. 107–22–2) (provided for in subheading 2912.19.30) ............................................... .............. 0.2% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 145. 4-PROPYL BENZALDEHYDE (NPBAL). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.46 4-Propylbenzaldehyde (CAS No. 28785–06–0) (provided for in subheading 2912.29.60) ................................ .. 2.8% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 146. CYCLOBUTANECARBOXALDEHYDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.47 Cyclobutanecarboxaldehyde (CAS No. 2987–17–9) (provided for in subheading 2912.29.60) ........................... F ree No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 147. 4-(1,1-DIMETHYLETHYL)-ALPHA- M(LYSMERAL EXTRA). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.48 2-Methyl-3-[4-(2-methyl-2-propanyl)phenyl]propanal (Lily aldehyde) (CAS No. 80–54–6) (provided for in subheading 2912.29.60) ......................................................................................................... .............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 148. ANISALDEHYDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.49 p-Anisaldehyde (4-methoxybenzaldehyde) (CAS No. 123–11–5) (provided for in subheading 2912.49.10) ....... Free No c hange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 149. TBMB. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.50 2-Methoxy-5-(2-methyl-2-propanyl)benzaldehyde (CAS No. 85943–26–6) (provided for in subheading 2912.49.26) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 150. 7-HYDROXYCITRONELLAL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.51 7-Hydroxycitronellal (7-Hydroxy-3,7-dimethyloctanal) (CAS No. 107–75–5) (provided for in subheading 2912.49.55) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 151. 2,4- DISULFOBENZALDEHYDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.52 2,4-Disulfobenzaldehyde (CAS No. 88-39-1) (provided for in subheading 2913.00.40) ................................ ..... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H201 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 152. P- (TRIFLUOROMETHYL)BENZ-ALDEHYDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.53 p-(Trifluoromethyl)benzaldehyde (CAS No. 455–19–6) (provided for in subheading 2913.00.40) ...................... F ree No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 153. DIETHYL KETONE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.54 3-Pentanone (Diethyl ketone) (CAS No. 96–22–0) (provided for in subheading 2914.19.00) ........................... . 0.2% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 154. (E)-4-(2,6,6-TRIMETHYL-1-CYCLOHEXEN-1- YL)-3-BUTE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.55 (3E)-4-(2,6,6-Trimethyl-2-cyclohexen-1-yl)-3-buten-2-one (CAS No. 79–77–6) (provided for in subheading 2914.23.00) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 155. IONONE GAMMA METHYL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.56 3-Methyl-4-(2,6,6-trimethylcyclohex-2-enyl)but-3-en-2-one (Methylionone)(CAS No. 1335–46–2) (provided for in subheading 2914.23.00) ...................................................................................................... ............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 156. 1,3-CYCLOHEXANEDIONE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.57 1,3-Cyclohexanedione (CAS No. 504–02–9) (provided for in subheading 2914.29.50) .................................. .... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 157. BENZOBICYCLON. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.58 3-[2-Chloro-4-(methylsulfonyl)benzoyl]-4-(phenylsulfanyl)bicyclo[3.2.1]oct-3-en-2-one (Benzobicyclon) (CAS No. 156963–66–5) (provided for in subheading 2914.29.50) ....................................................................... ...... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 158. CYCLOPENTANONE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.59 Cyclopentanone (CAS No. 120–92–3) (provided for in subheading 2914.29.50) ........................................ ........ 1.7% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 159. BENZOPHENONE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.60 Benzophenone (CAS No. 119–61–9) (provided for in subheading 2914.39.90) .......................................... ........ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 160. 5-CHLORO-1-INDANONE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.61 5-Chloro-1-indanone (CAS No. 42348–86–7) (provided for in subheading 2914.39.90) ................................. .. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 161. METHYL ACETOPHENONE PARA. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH202 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.02.62 p-Methylacetophenone (1-(4-Methylphenyl)ethanone) (CAS No. 122–00–9) (provided for in subheading 2914.39.90) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 162. HYDROXYLMETHYLPENTANONE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.63 1-Hydroxy-2-methylpentan-3-one (CAS No. 27970–79–2) (provided for in subheading 2914.40.90) ................ 1.0% N o change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 163. UV ABSORBER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.64 2,4-Dihydroxybenzophenone (CAS No. 131–56–6) (provided for in subheading 2914.50.30) ............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 164. RASPBERRY KETONE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.65 4-(4-Hydroxyphenyl)butan-2-one (raspberry ketone) (CAS No. 5471–51–2) (provided for in subheading 2914.50.30) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 165. DMB (4,4-DIMETHOXY-2-BUTANONE). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.66 4,4-Dimethoxy-2-butanone (CAS No. 5436–21–5) (provided for in subheading 2914.50.50) ............................ F ree No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 166. AMALANTHRAQUINE (AAQ). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.67 2-tert-Amylanthraquinone (2-(2-methyl-2-butanyl)-9,10-anthraquinone) (CAS No. 32588–54–8) (provided for in subheading 2914.69.10) ...................................................................................................... ............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 167. NITROANTHRAQUINONE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.68 1-Nitroanthraquinone (1-nitroanthracene-9,10-dione) (CAS No. 82–34–8) (provided for in subheading 2914.79.40) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 168. 1-(4-CHLOROPHENYL)-4,4- DIMETHYLPENTAN-3-ONE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.69 1-(4-Chlorophenyl)-4,4-dimethylpentan-3-one (Alkylketone) (CAS No. 66346–01–8) (provided for in sub-heading 2914.79.40) ............................................................................................................ ................................. 3.3% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 169. 1,5-DICHLORO-9,10-ANTHRAQUINONE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.70 1,5-Dichloro-9,10-anthraquinone (CAS No. 82–46–2) (provided for in subheading 2914.79.40) ...................... Fr ee No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 170. ETFBO. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.71 (3E)-4-Ethoxy-1,1,1-trifluorobut-3-en-2-one (CAS No. 59938–06–6) (provided for in subheading 2914.79.90) Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H203 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 171. 3’-BROMO-2,3,4,6’-TETRAMETHOXY-. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.72 (3-Bromo-6-methoxy-2-methylphenyl)(2,3,4-trimethoxy-6-methylphenyl)methanone (Metrafenone) (CAS No. 220899–03–6) (provided for in subheading 2914.79.90) ........................................................................... ........ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 172. VERDOX. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.73 cis-2-tert-Butylcyclohexyl acetate (Argumex) (CAS No. 20298–69–5) (provided for in subheading 2915.39.45) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 173. DICHLOROACETYL CHLORIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.74 Dichloroacetyl chloride (DCAC) (CAS No. 79–36–7) (provided for in subheading 2915.40.50) ......................... . Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 174. METHYL CHLOROACETATE (MECA). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.75 Methyl 2-chloroacetate (CAS No. 96–34–4) (provided for in subheading 2915.40.50) ................................. ..... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 175. ETHYL MONOCHLOROACETATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.76 Ethyl chloroacetate (CAS No. 105–39–5) (provided for in subheading 2915.40.50) ................................... ....... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 176. VINYL NEODECANOATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.78 Vinyl neodecanoate (vinyl 7,7-dimethyloctanoate) (CAS No. 51000–52–3) (provided for in subheading 2915.90.18) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 177. DILAUROYL PEROXIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.79 Dilauroyl peroxide (CAS No. 105–74–8) (provided for in subheading 2915.90.50) .................................... ........ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 178. POLYGLYCERYL-3 CAPRYLATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.80 Triglyceryl octanoate (CAS No. 108777–93–1) (provided for in subheading 2915.90.50) .............................. .... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 179. BUTYL ACRYLATE (BUYL PROP-2- ENOATE),. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.81 t-Butyl acrylate (2-methyl-2-propanyl acrylate) (CAS No. 1663–39–4) (provided for in subheading 2916.12.50) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... 0.1% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 180. ALLYL METHACRYLATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.82 Allyl methacrylate (CAS No. 96–05–9) (provided for in subheading 2916.14.20) ..................................... ......... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH204 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 181. SORBIC ACID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.83 (2E,4E)-2,4-Hexadienoic acid (Sorbic acid) (CAS No. 110–44–1) (provided for in subheading 2916.19.20) .... 2.6% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 182. CROTONIC ACID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.84 (E)-2-Butenoic acid (trans-crotonic acid) (CAS No. 107–93–7) (provided for in subheading 2916.19.30) ...... Free No  change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 183. PINANE HYDROPEROXIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.85 Pinane hydroperoxide (2,6,6-trimethlybicyclo[3.1.1]heptyl hydroperoxide) (CAS No. 28324–52–9) (provided for in subheading 2916.20.50) ...................................................................................................... ............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 184. BIFENTHRIN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.86 2-Methylbiphenyl-3-ylmethyl (1RS,3RS)-3-[(Z)-2-chloro-3,3,3-trifluoroprop-1-enyl]-2,2- dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylate (Bifenthrin) (CAS No. 82657–04–3) (provided for in subheading 2916.20.50) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... 2.4% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 185. BENZOYL CHLORIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.87 Benzoyl chloride (CAS No. 98–88–4) (provided for in subheading 2916.32.20) ....................................... .......... 2.0% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 186. 4-NITROBENZOYL CHLORIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.88 4-Nitrobenzoyl chloride (CAS No.122–04–3) (provided for in subheading 2916.39.03) ................................ ..... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 187. METHYL CINNAMATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.89 Methyl (2E)-3-phenylacrylate (Methyl cinnamate) (CAS No. 103–26–4) (provided for in subheading 2916.39.21) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 188. PERKADOX PD-50S-PS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.90 Bis(2,4-dichlorobenzoyl) peroxide (CAS No. 133–14–2) (provided for in subheading 2916.39.79) .................... F ree No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 189. OXALIC ACID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.91 Oxalic acid (ethanedioic acid dihydrate) (CAS No. 6153–56–6) (provided for in subheading 2917.11.00) ...... Free No  change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 190. OXALIC ACID, DIMETHYL ESTER (DMO). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.92 Dimethyl oxalate (CAS No. 553–90–2) (provided for in subheading 2917.11.00) ...................................... ........ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H205 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 191. SEBACIC ACID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.93 Sebacic acid (CAS No. 111–20–6) (provided for in subheading 2917.13.00) .......................................... .......... 2.0% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 192. DIMETHYL MALONATE OR DMM. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.94 Dimethyl malonate (CAS No. 108–59–8) (provided for in subheading 2917.19.70) ..................................... ..... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 193. ITACONIC ACID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.95 Itaconic acid (2-methylidenebutanedioic acid) (CAS No. 97–65–4) (provided for in subheading 2917.19.70) Free No c hange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 194. HIMIC ANHYDRIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.96 Himic anhydride (1,2,3,6-tetrahydro-3,6-methanophthalic anhydride) (CAS No. 826–62–0) (provided for in subheading 2917.20.00) ......................................................................................................... .............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 195. 4-SULFO-1,8-NAPTHALIC ANHYDRIDE POTASSIUM SALT. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.97 Potassium 1,3-dioxo-1H,3H-benzo[de]isochromene-6-sulfonate (CAS No. 71501–16–1) (provided in sub-heading 2917.39.04) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 196. BPDA-U. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.99 5,5’-Bi-2-benzofuran-1,1’,3,3’-tetrone (CAS No. 2420–87–3) (provided for in subheading 2917.39.30) .......... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 197. 1,4,5,8-NAPHTHALENE TETRA-. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.01 Naphthalene-1,8:4,5-tetracarboxylic dianhydride (CAS No. 81–30–1) (provided for in subheading 2917.39.70) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 198. PYROMELLITIC DIANHYDRIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.02 Pyromellitic dianhydride (benzene-1,2:4,5-tetracarboxylic dianhydride) (CAS No. 89–32–7) (provided for in subheading 2917.39.70) ......................................................................................................... .............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 199. DIMETHYL 5-NITROISOPHTHALATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.03 Dimethyl 5-nitroisophthalate (CAS No. 13290–96–5) (provided for in subheading 2917.39.70) ....................... F ree No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 200. ICL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.04 Isophthaloyl chloride (CAS No. 99–63–8) (provided for in subheading 2917.39.70) .................................. ....... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH206 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 201. TCL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.05 Terephthaloyl chloride (CAS No. 100–20–9) (provided for in subheading 2917.39.70) ................................ ..... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 202. HYDROXYPIVALIC ACID NEOPENTYL GLYCOL ESTER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.06 3-Hydroxy-2,2-dimethylpropyl-3-hydroxy-2,2-dimethylpropionate (CAS No. 1115–20–4) (provided for in sub-heading 2918.19.90) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 203. O-ACETYLSALICYLIC ACID (ASPIRIN). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.07 o-Acetylsalicylic acid (Aspirin) (CAS No. 50–78–2) (provided for in subheading 2918.22.10) ....................... ... 1.9% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 204. METHYL SAL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.08 Methyl salicylate (CAS No. 119–36–8) (provided for in subheading 2918.23.20) ..................................... ......... 2.3% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 205. PHBA. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.09 4-Hydroxybenzoic acid (CAS No. 99–96–7) (provided for in subheading 2918.29.22) .................................. ..... 2.0% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 206. GALLIC ACID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.10 3,4,5-Trihydroxybenzoic acid monohydrate (Gallic acid monohydrate) (CAS No. 5995–86–8) (provided for in subheading 2918.29.30) ......................................................................................................... .............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 207. ANTIOXIDANT. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.11 C
7-C9-Alkyl 3-(3,5-di-trans-butyl-4-hydroxyphenyl) propionate (CAS No. 125643–61–0) (provided in sub-heading 2918.29.65) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 208. PROPYL GALLATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.12 Propyl 3,4,5-trihydroxybenzoate (Propyl gallate) (CAS No. 121–79–9) (provided for in subheading 2918.29.75) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 209. ANTIOXIDANT. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.13 Octadecyl 3-(3,5-di-tert-butyl-4-hydroxyphenyl)propionate (CAS No. 2082–79–3) (provided for in subheading 2918.29.75) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 210. ANTIOXIDANT. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H207 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.03.14 Pentaerythritol tetrakis(3-(3,5-di-tert-butyl-4-hydroxyphenyl)propionate) (CAS No. 6683–19–8) (provided for in subheading 2918.29.75) ...................................................................................................... ............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 211. SOLBROL A. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.15 Ethyl 4-hydroxybenzoate (CAS No. 120–47–8) (provided for in subheading 2918.29.75) ............................... ... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 212. SOLBROL M. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.16 Methyl 4-hydroxybenzoate (CAS No. 99–76–3) (provided for in subheading 2918.29.75) ............................... ... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 213. POLYMER ADDITIVES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.17 Hexadecyl 4-hydroxy-3,5-bis(2-methyl-2-propanyl)benzoate (CAS No. 67845–93–6) (provided for in sub-heading 2918.29.75) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 214. 2-BENZOYLBENZOIC ACID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.18 2-Benzoylbenzoic acid (CAS No. 85–52–9) (provided for in subheading 2918.30.30) .................................. ..... 3.7% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 215. PROHEXADIONE CALCIUM (CALC). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.19 Prohexadione-calcium (Calcium bis(3,5-dioxo-4-propionylcyclohexanecarboxylate)) (CAS No. 127277–53–6) (provided for in subheading 2918.30.90) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 216. GLYOXYLIC ACID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.20 Glyoxyl acid (Glyoxylic acid) (CAS No. 298–12–4) (provided for in subheading 2918.30.90) ......................... ... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 217. DICHLORPROP-P. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.21 (+)-(R)-2-(2,4-Dichlorophenoxy)propanoic acid (Dichlorprop-p) (CAS No. 15165–67–0) (provided for in sub-heading 2918.99.18) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 218. 2,4-DB. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.22 4-(2,4-Dichlorophenoxy) butyric acid (2,4-DB) (CAS No. 94-82-6) (provided for in subheading 2918.99.20) ... Free No  change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 219. MCPA. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.23 2-Methyl-4-chlorophenoxyacetic acid (MCPA) (CAS No. 94–74–6) (provided for in subheading 2918.99.20) ... 2.5% No ch ange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 220. LACTOFEN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH208 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.03.24 1-Ethoxy-1-oxo-2-propanyl 5-[2-chloro-4-(trifluoromethyl)phenoxy]-2-nitrobenzoate (Lactofen) (CAS No. 77501–63–4) (provided for in subheading 2918.99.20) ............................................................................ ......... 4.0% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 221. OTHER CARBOXYLIC ACID: (IRGANOX ® 245). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.25 Triethylene glycol bis[3-(3-tert-butyl-4-hydroxy-5-methyl- phenyl)propionate] (CAS No. 36443–68–2) (pro-vided for in subheading 2918.99.43) ............................................................................................ ....................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 222. 4,4’-OXYDIPHTHALIC ANHYDRIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.26 4,4’-Oxydiphthalic anhydride (CAS No. 1823–59–2) (provided for in subheading 2918.99.43) ......................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 223. 2-ETHYLHEXYL 4-METHOXYCINNAMATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.27 2-Ethylhexyl 4-methoxycinnamate (CAS No. 5466–77–3) (provided for in subheading 2918.99.43) ................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 224. MAQ-R ACID (D-HPPA). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.28 (R)-(+)-2-(4-Hydroxyphenoxy)propionic acid (CAS No. 94050–90–5) (provided for in subheading 2918.99.43) Free No c hange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 225. DEDC - NN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.29 4,4’-Oxydibenzoyl chloride (CAS No. 7158–32–9) (provided for in subheading 2918.99.43) ........................... .. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 226. ODPA - HAILI. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.30 5,5’-Oxybis(2-benzofuran-1,3-dione) (CAS No.1823–59–2) (provided for in subheading 2918.99.43) .............. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 227. TRINEXAPAC-ETHYL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.31 Ethyl (RS)-4-cyclopropyl(hydroxy)methylene-3,5- dioxocyclohexanecarboxylate (Trinexapac-ethyl) (CAS No. 95266–40–3) (provided for in subheading 2918.99.50) ............................................................................ ......... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 228. METHOXYACETIC ACID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.32 Methyl methoxyacetate (CAS No. 6290–49–9) (provided for in subheading 2918.99.50) ................................ .. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 229. ABA. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.33 (2Z,4E)-5-[(1S)-1-Hydroxy-2,6,6-trimethyl-4-oxo-2-cyclohexen-1-yl]-3-methyl-2,4-pentadienoic acid ((+)- Abscisic acid) (CAS No. 21293–29–8) (provided for in subheading 2918.99.50) .............................................. Free N o change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 230. 1-METHOXYACETIC ACID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H209 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.03.34 Methoxyacetic acid (CAS No. 625–45–6) (provided for in subheading 2918.99.50) .................................... ...... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 231. TETRACHLORVINFOS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.35 (Z)-2-Chloro-1-(2,4,5-trichlorophenyl)vinyl dimethyl phosphate (Tetrachlorvinfos) (CAS No. 22248–79–9) (provided for in subheading 2919.90.30) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 232. BIS(2,4-DICHLOROPHENYL) CHLOROPHOSPHATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.36 Bis(2,4-dichlorophenyl) phosphorochloridate (CAS No. 14254–41–2) (provided for in subheading 2919.90.30) Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 233. TRIS(2-ETHYLHEXYL) PHOSPHATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.37 Tris(2-ethylhexyl) phosphate (CAS No. 78–42–2) (provided for in subheading 2919.90.50) ........................... .. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 234. TOLCLOFOS METHYL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.38 O-(2,6-Dichloro-4-methylphenyl) O,O-dimethyl phosphorothioate (Tolclofos methyl) (CAS No. 57018–04–9) (provided for in subheading 2920.19.40) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 235. O,O-DIETHYL PHOSPHOROCHLORIDOTHIOATE - DEPCT. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.39 O,O-Diethyl phosphorochloridothioate (CAS No. 2524–04–1) (provided for in subheading 2920.19.50) ........... Free N o change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 236. ALBRITE DMHP. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.40 Dimethyl phosphite (CAS No. 868–85–9) (provided for in subheading 2920.21.00) .................................... ...... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 237. PROPARGITE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.41 2-[4-(2-Methyl-2-propanyl)phenoxy]cyclohexyl 2-propyn-1-yl sulfite (Propargite) (CAS No. 2312–35–8) (pro-vided for in subheading 2920.90.10) ............................................................................................ ....................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 238. ANTIOXIDANT. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.42 Tris(2,4-di-tert-butylphenyl) phosphite (CAS No. 31570–04–4) (provided for in subheading 2920.90.20) ....... Free N o change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 239. FOSETYL-AL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.43 Aluminum tris(ethyl phosphonate) (Fosetyl-Al) (CAS No. 39148–24–8) (provided for in subheading 2920.90.51) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH210 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 240. PERKADOX 16. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.44 Bis(4-t-butylcyclohexyl)peroxydicarbonate (CAS No. 15520–11–3) (provided for in subheading 2920.90.51) ... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 241. 2-ETHYL HEXYL NITRATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.45 2-Ethylhexyl nitrate (CAS No. 27247–96–7) (provided for in subheading 2920.90.51) ................................ ..... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 242. DIMETHYL CARBONATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.46 Dimethyl carbonate (CAS No. 616–38–6) (provided for in subheading 2920.90.51) .................................... ..... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 243. DIETHYLHEXYL CARBONATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.47 Bis(2-ethylhexyl) carbonate (diethylhexyl carbonate) (CAS No. 14858–73–2) (provided for in subheading 2920.90.51) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 244. 2-ETHYLHEXYLAMINE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.48 2-Ethylhexylamine (CAS No. 104–75–6) (provided for in subheading 2921.19.61) ..................................... ....... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 245. DTD AMINE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.49 Ditridecylamine (N-tridecyl-1-tridecanamine) (CAS No. 101012–97–9) (provided for in subheading 2921.19.61) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 246. 3MTMFLUORINERTTMAND PERFORM-ANCE FLUID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.50 C
9-C15Perfluorocarbon Amines (CAS No. 86508–42–1) (provided for in subheading 2921.19.61) .................. Free No change No change O n or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 247. N,N’-BIS(3- AMINOPROPYL)ETHYLENEDIAMINE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.51 N,N’-Bis(3-aminopropyl)ethylenediamine (CAS No. 10563–26–5) (provided for in subheading 2921.29.00) .... Free No ch ange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 248. TRIMETHYLHEXAMETHYLENE DIAMINE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.52 2,4,4-Trimethyl-1,6-hexanediamine (CAS No. 25620–58–0) (provided for in subheading 2921.29.00) ............. Free N o change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 249. N,N-DIETHYL-1,3-PROPANEDIAMINE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H211 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.03.53 N,N-Diethyl-1,3-propanediamine (CAS No. 104–78–9) (provided for in subheading 2921.29.00) ..................... Fre e No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 250. 2,4-DICHLOROANILINE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.54 2,4-Dichloroaniline (CAS No. 554–00–7) (provided for in subheading 2921.42.18) ................................... ....... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 251. 4 CHLORO-2-NITROANILINE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.55 4-Chloro-2-nitroaniline (CAS No. 89–63–4) (provided for in subheading 2921.42.55) ................................ ...... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 252. 2-NITROANILINE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.56 2-Nitroaniline (CAS No. 88–74–4) (provided for in subheading 2921.42.55) ......................................... ............ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 253. 3,5-DIFLUROANILINE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.57 3,5-Difluoroaniline (CAS No. 372–39–4) (provided for in subheading 2921.42.65) ................................... ........ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 254. S-N-ALKYL-ANILIN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.58 2-Ethyl-N-[(2S)-1-methoxypropan-2-yl]-6-methylaniline (CAS No. 118604–70–9) (provided for in subheading 2921.42.65) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... 4.0% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 255. 2,6-DICHLOROANILINE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.59 2,6-Dichloroaniline (CAS No. 608–31–1) (provided for in subheading 2921.42.90) ................................... ....... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 256. N-ETHYL-N-BENZYL ANILINE CAS 92-59-1. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.60 N-Benzyl-N-ethylaniline (CAS No. 92–59–1) (provided for in subheading 2921.42.90) ................................ ..... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 257. ETHYL BENZYLANILINE SULFONIC ACID (EBASA). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.61 α-N-Ethylanilinotoluene-3-sulfonic acid (CAS No. 101-11-1) (provided for in subheading 2921.42.90) .......... Free No change No ch ange On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 258. P-CHLOROANILINE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.62 p-Chloroaniline (CAS No. 106–47–8) (provided for in subheading 2921.42.90) ....................................... ......... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 259. SODIUM HYDROGEN 2-AMINOBENZENE- 1,4-DISULFONATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH212 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.03.63 Sodium hydrogen 2-aminobenzene-1,4-disulfonate (CAS No. 24605–36–5) (provided for in subheading 2921.42.90) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 260. ETHYL BENZYL ANILINE SULFONIC ACID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.64 3-{[Ethyl(phenyl) amino]methyl γ benzenesulfonic acid (CAS No. 101–11–1) (provided for in 2921.42.90) ...... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 261. TRIFLURALIN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.65 α,α,α-Trifluoro-2,6-dinitro-p-toluidine (Trifluralin) (CAS No. 1582–09–8) (provided for in subheading 2921.43.15) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... 4.0% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 262. ETHALFLURALIN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.66 N-Ethyl-N-(2-methyl-2-propenyl)-2,6-dinitro-4-(trifluoromethyl)benzenamine (Ethalfluralin) (CAS No. 55283– 68–6) (provided for in subheading 2921.43.22) .................................................................................. ................ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 263. P-TOLUIDINE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.67 p-Toluidine (CAS No. 106–49–0) (provided for in subheading 2921.43.40) ........................................... ............ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 264. BENFLURALIN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.68 N-Butyl-N-ethyl- α,α,α-trifluoro-2,6-dinitro-p-toluidine (Benfluralin) (CAS No. 1861–40–1) (provided for in subheading 2921.43.90) ......................................................................................................... .............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 265. 2-CHLORO-4-TOLUIDINE (2-CAT). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.69 o-Chloro-p-toluidine (3-chloro-4-methylaniline) (CAS No. 95–74–9) (provided for in subheading 2921.43.90) Free No  change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 266. M-TOLUIDINE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.70 m-Toluidine (CAS No.108–44–1) (provided for in subheading 2921.43.90) ............................................ ........... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 267. O-TOLUIDINE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.71 o-Toluidine (CAS No. 95–53–4) (provided for in subheading 2921.43.90) ............................................ ............. 5.5% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 268. BUTRALIN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.72 N-sec-Butyl-4-(2-methyl-2-propanyl)-2,6-dinitroaniline (Butralin) (CAS No. 33629–47–9) (provided for in subheading 2921.43.90) ......................................................................................................... .............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H213 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 269. 4-AMINO-3-METHYLBENZENESULFONIC ACID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.73 4-Amino-3-methylbenzenesulfonic acid (CAS No. 98–33–9) (provided for in subheading 2921.43.90) ............ Free No  change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 270. 2, 4-XYLIDINE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.74 2,4-Xylidine (CAS No. 95–68–1) (provided for in subheading 2921.49.10) ........................................... ............. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 271. MIXED XYLIDINES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.75 Mixed xylidines (CAS No. 1300–73–8) (provided for in subheading 2921.49.45) ...................................... ........ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 272. DODECYL ANILINE MIXED ISOMERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.76 Dodecylaniline branched isomers (CAS No. 68411–48–3) (provided for in subheading 2921.49.45) ................ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 273. FLUMETRALIN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.77 N-(2-Chloro-6-fluorobenzyl)-N-ethyl- α,α,α-trifluoro- 2,6-dinitro-p-toluidine (Flumetralin) (CAS No. 62924– 70–3) (provided for in subheading 2921.49.45) .................................................................................. ................ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 274. AMINO METHYL BENZENE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.78 (1S)-1-Phenylethanamine (CAS No. 618–36–0) (provided for in subheading 2921.49.50) ............................... . Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 275. 2-ETHYL-6-METHYLANILINE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.79 2-Ethyl-6-methylaniline (CAS No. 24549–06–2) (provided for in subheading 2921.49.50) ............................. .. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 276. MPDA. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.80 m-Phenylenediamine (CAS No. 108–45–2) (provided for in subheading 2921.51.10) .................................... ... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 277. MPD. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.81 1,3-Benzenediamine (CAS No. 108–45–2) (provided for in subheading 2921.51.10) .................................... .... 4.0% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 278. 4-ADPA (4-AMINODIPHENYLAMINE). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.82 N-Phenyl-p-phenylenediamine (CAS No. 101–54–2) (provided for in subheading 2921.51.50) ......................... 4. 6% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH214 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 279. 4,4 METHYLENE BIS O-CHLORO ANILINE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.83 4,4’ Methylenebis(2-chloroaniline) (CAS No. 101–14–4) (provided for in subheading 2921.59.08) .................. Fr ee No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 280. 4,4’-DIAMINOSTILBENE-2,2’-DISULFONIC ACID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.84 4,4’-Diamino-2,2’-stilbenedisulfonic acid (CAS No. 81–11–8) (provided for in subheading 2921.59.20) ......... 1.5% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 281. TFMB. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.85 2,2’-Bis(trifluoromethyl)-4,4’-biphenyldiamine (CAS No. 341–58–2) (provided for in subheading 2921.59.40) Free No  change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 282. PHENOL, 2,2’-[[(1S...]BIS[6-(1,1- DIMETHYYLETHYL). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.86 2,2’-[[(1S,2S)-1,2-Diphenyl-1,2-ethanediyl]bis(iminomethylene)]bis[6-(1,1-dimethylethylphenol] (CAS No. 481725–63–7) (provided for in subheading 2921.59.40) ........................................................................... ........ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 283. PRODIAMINE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.87 2,6-Dinitro-N,N-dipropyl-4-(trifluoromethyl)-1,3-benzenediamine (Prodiamine) (CAS No. 29091–21–2) (pro-vided for in subheading 2921.59.80) ............................................................................................ ....................... 1.6% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 284. 3,3’ DICHLOROBENZIDINE DIHYDROCHLORIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.88 3,3’-Dichlorobenzidine dihydrochloride (3,3’-Dichloro-4,4’-biphenyldiamine dihydrochloride) (CAS No. 612– 83–9) (provided for in subheading 2921.59.80) .................................................................................. ................ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 285. TRIS[2-[[2,4,8,10-TETRA-TERT-BUTYLDIBE (AO 12). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.89 2-{[2,4,8,10-Tetrakis (2-methyl-2-propanyl) dibenzo[d,f] [1,3,2]dioxaphosphepin-6-yl]oxy γ-N,N-bis(2- {[2,4,8,10-tetrakis (2-methyl-2-propanyl)dibenzo[d,f] [1,3,2] dioxaphosphepin-6-yl] oxy γethyl)ethanamine (CAS No. 80410–33–9) (provided for in subheading 2922.19.60) ................................................................... ... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 286. DIPROPOXY-P-TOLUIDIN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.90 4-Methyl-N,N-dipropoxyaniline (CAS No. 38668–48–3) (provided for in subheading 2922.19.70) ..................... Fr ee No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 287. PHYTOSPHINGOSINE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.91 Phytosphingosine ((2S,3S,4R)-2-amino-1,3,4-octadecanetriol) (CAS No. 13552-11-9) (provided for in sub-heading 2922.19.96) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H215 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 288. 1-(DIMETHYLAMINO)-2-PROPAN-OL (N,N- DIEMET). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.92 1-(Dimethylamino)-2-propanol (CAS No. 108–16–7) (provided for in subheading 2922.19.96) ........................ Fr ee No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 289. PHYTOSPHINGOSINE HCL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.93 (2S,3S,4R)-2-Amino-1,3,4-octadecanetriol hydrochloride (Phytosphingosine HCl) (CAS No. 154801–32–8) (provided for in subheading 2922.19.96) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 290. 2-AMINO-P-CRESOL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.94 2-Amino-4-methylphenol (CAS No. 95–84–1) (provided for in subheading 2922.29.10) ................................. .. 3.7% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 291. RODA - SUNLIGHT. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.95 4,4’-[1,3-Phenylenebis(oxy)]dianiline (CAS No. 2479–46–1) (provided for in subheading 2922.29.61) ............ Free  No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 292. 4-METHOXY-2-METHYLDIPHENYLAMINE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.96 4-Methoxy-2-methyl-N-phenylaniline (CAS No. 41317–15–1) (provided for in subheading 2922.29.61) ........... Free No  change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 293. 4’-METHOXY-2,2’,4- TRIMETHYLDIPHENYLAMINE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.97 N-(2,4-Dimethylphenyl)-4-methoxy-2-methylaniline (CAS No. 41374–20–3) (provided for in subheading 2922.29.61) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 294. P-CRESIDINE SULFONIC ACID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.98 p-Cresidinesulfonic acid (4-amino-5-methoxy-2-methylbenzenesulfonic acid) (CAS No. 6471–78–9) (provided for in subheading 2922.29.81) .................................................................................................. ........................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 295. 2-METHOXY-5-METHYLANILINE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.99 2-Methoxy-5-methylaniline (CAS No. 120–71–8) (provided for in subheading 2922.29.81) ............................. . Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 296. ODA - WANDA. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.01 4,4’-Oxydianiline (CAS No. 101–80–4) (provided for in subheading 2922.29.81) ..................................... ......... 1.3% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 297. PARA CRESIDINE-2 SULFONIC ACID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.02 4-Amino-5-methoxy-2-methylbenzenesulfonic acid (CAS No. 6471–78–9) (provided for in 2922.29.81) .......... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH216 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 298. L-LYSINE HYDRATE GMP P25. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.03 l-Lysine hydrate (1:1) (CAS No. 39665–12–8) (provided for in subheading 2922.41.00) .............................. .... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 299. 4-CHLOROPHENYLGLYCINE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.04 4-Chlorophenylglycine (CAS No. 6212–33–5) (provided for in subheading 2922.49.30) ................................ .... 0.5% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 300. 2-AMINO-5-SULFOBENZOIC ACID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.05 2-Amino-5-sulfobenzoic acid (CAS No. 3577–63–7) (provided for in subheading 2922.49.30) ........................ Fr ee No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 301. 3,4-DIAMINOBENZOIC ACID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.06 3,4-Diaminobenzoic acid (CAS No. 619–05–6) (provided for in subheading 2922.49.30) ............................... .. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 302. 3-CHLOROANTHRANILIC ACID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.07 Methyl 2-amino-3-chlorobenzoate (CAS No. 77820–58–7) (provided for in subheading 2922.49.30) ............... Free N o change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 303. 11 AMINOUNDECANOIC ACID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.08 11-Aminoundecanoic acid (CAS No. 2432–99–7) (provided for in subheading 2922.49.40) ............................. 2 .5% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 304. OTHER OXYGEN FUNCTION: AMINO ACIDS: OTHER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.09 Ethyl 3-amino-4,4,4-trifluorocrotonate (CAS No. 372–29–2) (provided for in subheading 2922.49.80) ............ Free  No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 305. MANGANESE DISODIUM EDTA. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.10 Manganese(2+) sodium 2,2’,2’’,2’ ’’-(1,2-ethanediyldinitrilo)tetraacetate (1:2:1) (Manganese disodium ethyl-enediaminetetraacetate) (CAS No. 15375–84–5) (provided for in subheading 2922.49.80) .............................. Free No chang e No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 306. SARCOSINE, SODIUM SALT. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.11 Sarcosine, sodium salt (sodium (methylamino)acetate) (CAS No. 4316–73–8) (provided for in subheading 2922.49.80) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 307. COPPER DISODIUM EDTA. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.12 Copper(2+) sodium 2,2’,2’’,2’ ’’-(1,2-ethanediyldinitrilo)tetraacetate (1:2:1) (CAS No. 14025–15–1) (provided for in subheading 2922.49.80) .................................................................................................. ........................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H217 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 308. SODIUM LAURIMINODIPROPINONATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.13 Sodium 3-[(2-carboxyethyl)(dodecyl)amino]propanoate (CAS No. 14960–06–6) (provided for in subheading 2922.49.80) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 309. 2-[4-(N-ETHYL-N-(4- METHYLPHENYL)AMINO)-2- HYDROXYBE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.14 2-[4-(N-Ethyl-N-(4-methylphenyl)amino)-2-hydroxybenzoyl] benzoic acid (CAS No. 42530–36–9) (provided for in subheading 2922.50.35) ...................................................................................................... ............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 310. 2-[4-(DIETHYLAMINO)-2- HYDROXYBENZOYL] BENZOIC ACID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.15 2-[4-(Diethylamino)-2-hydroxybenzoyl] benzoic acid (CAS No. 5809–23–4) (provided for in subheading 2922.50.40) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 311. CHOLINE HYDROXIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.16 (2-Hydroxyethyl)trimethylammonium hydroxide (Choline hydroxide) (CAS No. 123–41–1) (provided for in sub-heading 2923.10.00) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 312. NON-GENETICALLY MODIFIED LECITHIN OF RAPESEED. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.17 Lecithin derived from non-genetically modified rapeseed (CAS No. 8002–43–5) (provided for in subheading 2923.20.20) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 313. LECITHIN DERIVED FROM SUNFLOWER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.18 Lecithin derived from non-genetically modified sunflower seeds (CAS No. 8002–43–5) (provided for in sub-heading 2923.20.20) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 314. LECITHIN DERIVED FROM SOYBEAN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.19 Lecithin derived from non-genetically modified soybean (CAS No. 8002–43–5) (provided for in subheading 2923.20.20) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 315. SARKOSYL® O. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.20 (Z)-N-Methyl-N-(1-oxo-9-octadecenyl)glycine (N-oleylsarcosine) (CAS No. 110–25–8) (provided for in sub-heading 2924.19.11) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 316. N-VINYLFORMAMIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.21 N-Ethenylformamide (N-vinylformamide) (CAS No. 13162–05–5) (provided for in subheading 2924.19.11) .... 3.3% No cha nge No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH218 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 317. BUTANAMIDE, 3-OXO. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.22 3-Oxobutanamide (acetoacetamide) (CAS No. 5977–14–0) (provided for subheading 2924.19.11) .................. Free N o change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 318. DIMETHYLAMINOPROPYL METHACRYLAMIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.23 N-[3-(Dimethylamino)propyl]-2-methylacrylamide (CAS No. 5205–93–6) (provided for in subheading 2924.19.11) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 319. TETRA-N-BUTYLUREA. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.24 1,1,3,3-Tetrabutylurea (CAS No. 4559–86–8) (provided for in subheading 2924.19.11) ............................... .... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 320. DAAM. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.25 N-(2-Methyl-4-oxo-2-pentanyl)acrylamide (CAS No. 2873–97–4) (provided for in subheading 2924.19.11) ..... Free No c hange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 321. PRIMID QM-1260. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.26 N,N,N’,N’-Tetrakis(2-hydroxypropyl)-adipamide (CAS No. 57843–53–5) (provided for in subheading 2924.19.80) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 322. PRIMID XL-552. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.27 N,N,N’,N’-Tetrakis(2-2-hydroxyethyl)-adipamide (CAS No. 6334–25–4) (provided for in subheading 2924.19.80) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 323. DICHLORMID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.28 2,2-Dichloro-N,N-bis(prop-2-enyl)acetamide (Dichlormid) (CAS No. 37764–25–3) (provided for in subheading 2924.19.80) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 324. PROPARGYL BUTYCARBAMATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.29 2-Propyn-1-yl butylcarbamate (CAS No. 76114–73–3) (provided for in subheading 2924.19.80) ..................... Fre e No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 325. DIURON. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.30 3-(3,4-Dichlorophenyl)-1,1-dimethylurea (Diuron) (CAS No. 330–54–1) (provided for in subheading 2924.21.16) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... 0.4% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 326. LINURON. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H219 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.04.31 3-(3,4-Dichlorophenyl)-1-methoxy-1-methylurea (CAS No. 330–55–2) (Linuron) (provided for in subheading 2924.21.16) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 327. CARBOXYAMIDE FUNCTION COM-POUNDS (IRGANOX 1098). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.32 N,N’-Hexamethylenebis(3,5-di-tert-butyl-4-hydroxyhydrocinnamamide) (3,3’-bis(3,5-di-tert-butyl-4- hydroxyphenyl)-N,N’-hexamethylenedipropionamide) (CAS No. 23128–74–7) (provided for in subheading 2924.29.31) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 328. CHLORPROPHAM. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.33 Isopropyl (3-chlorophenyl)carbamate (Chlorpropham) (CAS No. 101–21–3) (provided for in subheading 2924.29.43) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 329. PROPOXUR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.34 Propoxur (2-(1-methylethoxy)phenyl N-methylcarbamate) (CAS No. 114–26–1) (provided for in subheading 2924.29.47) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 330. METOLACHLOR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.35 2-Chloro-N-(2-ethyl-6-methyl-phenyl)-N-(1-methoxypropan-2-yl) acetamide (Metolachlor) (CAS No. 51218– 45–2) (provided for in subheading 2924.29.47) .................................................................................. ................ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 331. METALAXYL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.36 Methyl N-(2-methoxyacetyl)-N-(2,6-xylyl)-DL-alaninate (Metalaxyl) (CAS No. 57837–19–1) (provided for in subheading 2924.29.47) ......................................................................................................... .............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 332. ZOXAMIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.37 (RS)-3,5-dichloro-N-(3-chloro-1-ethyl-1-methyl-2-oxopropyl)-p-toluamide (Zoxamide) (CAS No. 156052–68–5) (provided for in subheading 2924.29.47) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 333. PHENMEDIPHAM. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.38 [3-(Methoxycarbonylamino)phenyl] N-(3-methylphenyl)carbamate (Phenmedipham) (CAS No. 13684–63–4) (provided for in subheading 2924.29.47) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 334. CARBARYL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.39 1-Naphthylenyl methylcarbamate (Carbaryl) (CAS No. 63–25–2) (provided for in subheading 2924.29.47) .... Free No ch ange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 335. FLUTOLANIL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH220 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.04.40 N-[3-(1-Methylethoxy)phenyl]-2-(trifluoromethyl)benzamide (CAS No. 66332–96–5) (provided for in sub-heading 2924.29.47) ............................................................................................................ ................................. 1.5% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 336. CYCLANILIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.41 1-(2,4-Dichlorophenylcarbamoyl)cyclopropancarboxylic acid (Cyclanilide) (CAS No. 113136–77–9) (provided for in subheading 2924.29.47) .................................................................................................. ........................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 337. MEFENOXAM. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.42 Methyl N-(2,6-dimethylphenyl)-N-(methoxyacetyl)-D-alaninate (Metalaxyl-M and L-Metalaxyl) (CAS Nos. 70630–17–0 and 69516–34–3) (provided for in subheading 2924.29.47) ........................................................ 4.2% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 338. S-METOLACHLOR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.43 2-Chloro-N-(2-ethyl-6-methylphenyl)-N-[(1S)-2-methoxy-1-methylethyl]acetamide ((S)-Metolachlor) (CAS No. 87392–12–9) (provided for in subheading 2924.29.47) ............................................................................ ......... 6.0% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 339. NAPROPAMIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.44 (RS)-N,N-Diethyl-2-(1-nephthyloxy)propionamide (Napropamide) (CAS No. 15299–99–7) (provided for in sub-heading 2924.29.47) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 340. MANDIPROPAMID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.45 2-(4-Chlorophenyl)-N-{2-[3-methoxy-4-(2-propyn-1-yloxy)phenyl]ethyl γ-2-(2-propyn-1-yloxy)acetamide (Mandipropamid) (CAS No. 374726–62–2) (provided for in subheading 2924.29.47) ....................................... Free No cha nge No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 341. FENHEXAMID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.46 N-(2,3-Dichloro-4-hydroxyphenyl)-1-methylcyclohexanecarboxamide (Fenhexamid) (CAS No. 126833–17–8) (provided for in subheading 2924.29.47) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 342. MANDESTROBIN TECHNICAL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.47 2-{2-[(2,5-Dimethylphenoxy)methyl]phenyl γ-2-methoxy-N-methylacetamide (Mandestrobin) (CAS No. 173662– 97–0) (provided for in subheading 2924.29.47) .................................................................................. ................ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 343. FOE 5043 HYDROXY. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.48 N-(4-Fluorophenyl)-2-hydroxy-N-(1-methylethyl)acetamide (CAS No. 54041–17–7) (provided for in sub-heading 2924.29.71) ............................................................................................................ ................................. 3.9% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 344. 2-(TRIFLUOROMETHYL)BENZAMIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.49 2-(Trifluoromethyl)benzamide (CAS No. 360–64–5) (provided for in subheading 2924.29.71) .......................... 4.2% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H221 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 345. INTERMEDIATE CAS NO. 59673–82–4. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.50 Methyl 2-amino-4-[(2,5-dichlorophenyl)carbamoyl]benzoate (CAS No. 59673–82–4) (provided for in sub-heading 2924.29.71) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 346. 2,5-BIS [(1,3-DIOXOBUTYL)AMINO]BENZENE SULFONIC ACID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.51 2,5-Bis(acetoacetylamino) benzenesulfonic acid (CAS No. 70185–87–4) (provided for in subheading 2924.29.71) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 347. METHYL-4- TRIFLUOROMETHOXYPHENYL-N- (CHL.) CARBAMATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.52 Methyl (chlorocarbonyl)[4-(trifluoromethoxy)phenyl]carbamate (CAS No. 173903–15–6) (provided for in sub-heading 2924.29.71) ............................................................................................................ ................................. 2.0% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 348. 2-CHLOROACETOACETANILIDE (AAOCA). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.53 2’-Chloroacetoacetanilide (CAS No. 93–70–9) (provided for in subheading 2924.29.77) .............................. .... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 349. ACETOACETYL-2,5-DIMETHOXY-4- CHLOROANILIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.54 4’-Chloro-2’,5’-dimethoxyacetoacetanilide (CAS No. 4433–79–8) (provided for in subheading 2924.29.77) .... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 350. P-AMINOBENZAMIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.55 p-Aminobenzamide (4-Aminobenzamide) (CAS No 2835–68–9) (provided for in subheading 2924.29.77) ....... Free No chan ge No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 351. 2-AMINO-5-CYANO-N,3- DIMETHYLBENZAMIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.56 2-Amino-5-cyano-N,3-dimethylbenzamide (CAS No. 890707–29–6) (provided for in subheading 2924.29.77) Free No chang e No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 352. TRANS-N-BOC ACID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.57 trans-4-{[(2-Methyl-2-propanyl) oxy]carbonyl γ cyclohexanecarboxylic acid (CAS No. 53292–89–0) (provided for in subheading 2924.29.95) .................................................................................................. ........................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 353. PERKALINK 900. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.58 1,1’-[1,3-Phenylenebis(methylene)]bis(3-methyl-1H-pyrrole-2,5-dione) (CAS No. 119462–56–5) (provided for in subheading 2925.19.42) ...................................................................................................... ............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH222 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 354. DODINE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.59 1-Dodecylguanidine acetate (Dodine) (CAS No. 2439–10–3) (provided for in subheading 2925.19.91) ........... Free No  change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 355. N,N’-M-PHENYLENEDIMALEIMIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.60 1,1’-(1,3-Phenylene)bis(1H-pyrrole-2,5-dione) (CAS No. 3006–93–7) (provided for in subheading 2925.19.91) Free No  change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 356. 1,3-DIPHENYLGUANIDINE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.61 1,3-Diphenylguanidine (CAS No. 102–06–7) (provided for in subheading 2925.29.60) ................................. .... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 357. FLUMICLORAC PENTYL ESTER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.62 Pentyl [2-chloro-5-(1,3-dioxo-1,3,4,5,6,7-hexahydro-2H-isoindol-2-yl)-4-fluorophenoxy]acetate (Flumiclorac pentyl ester) (CAS No. 87546–18–7) (provided in subheading 2925.29.60) ...................................................... Fre e No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 358. CREATINE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.63 Creatine (N-carbamimidoyl-N-methylglycine) (CAS No. 57–00–1) (provided for in subheading 2925.29.90) ... Free No ch ange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 359. CREAMINO. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.64 N-Carbamimidoylglycine (Guanidinoacetic acid) (CAS No. 352–97–6) (provided for in subheading 2925.29.90) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 360. CHLOROTHALONIL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.65 2,4,5,6-Tetrachloroisophthalonitrile (Chlorothalonil) (CAS No. 1897–45–6) (provided for in subheading 2926.90.21) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... 5.0% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 361. 2-METHOXLYETHYL(RS)-2-(4-TERT- (CYFLUMETAFEN). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.66 2-Methoxyethyl 2-cyano-2-[4-(2-methyl-2-propanyl)phenyl]-3-oxo-3-[2-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl]propanoate (Cyflumetafen) (CAS No. 400882–07–7) (provided for in subheading 2926.90.25) ........................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 362. BROMOXYNIL OCTANOATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.67 2,6-Dibromo-4-cyanophenyl octanoate (Bromoxynil octanoate) (CAS No. 1689–99–2) (provided for in sub-heading 2926.90.25) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 363. BROMOXYNIL HEPTANOATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H223 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.04.68 2,6-Dibromo-4-cyanophenyl heptanoate (Bromoxynil heptanoate) (CAS No. 56634–95–8) (provided for in subheading 2926.90.25) ......................................................................................................... .............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 364. CYHALOFOP-BUTYL TECHNICAL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.69 Butyl (2R)-2-[4-(4-cyano-2-fluorophenoxy)phenoxy]propanoate (Cyhalofop-butyl) (CAS No. 122008–85–9) (provided for in subheading 2926.90.25) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 365. β-CYFLUTHRIN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.70 (RS)-α-cyano-4-fluoro-3-phenoxybenzyl(1RS,3RS;1RS,3SR)-3-(2,2-dichlorovinyl)-2,2- dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylate (β-Cyfluthrin) (CAS No. 68359–37–5) (provided for in subheading 2926.90.30) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... 3.4% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 366. DELTAMETHRIN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.71 (S)-α-Cyano-3-phenoxybenzyl (1R,3R)-3- (2,2-dibromovinyl)-2,2-dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylate (Deltamethrin) (CAS No. 52918–63–5) (provided for in subheading 2926.90.30) ............................................. 1.8% No  change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 367. CYFLUTHRIN (EXCLUDING β- CYFLUTHRIN). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.72 Cyano(4-fluoro-3-phenoxyphenyl)methyl 3-(2,2-dichloroethenyl)-2,2-dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylate (Cyfluthrin, excluding β-Cyfluthrin) (CAS No. 68359–37–5) (provided for in subheading 2926.90.30) ............ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 368. CYPERMETHRIN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.73 Cyano(3-phenoxyphenyl)methyl 3-(2,2-dichloroethenyl)- 2,2-dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylate (Cypermethrin) (CAS No. 52315–07–8) (provided for in subheading 2926.90.30) ................................................................... ... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 369. ESFENVALERATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.74 (S)-Cyano(3-phenoxyphenyl)methyl(S)-4-chloro- α-(1-Methylethyl)benzeneacetate (Esfenvalerate) (CAS No. 66230–04–4) (provided for in subheading 2926.90.30) ............................................................................ ......... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 370. ALPHA-CYPERMETHRIN TECHNICAL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.75 (R)-α-Cyano-3-phenoxybenzyl (1S,3S)-3-(2,2-dichlorovinyl)-2,2 dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylate and (S)- α- cyano-3-phenoxybenzyl (1R)-cis-3-(2,2-dichlorovinyl)-2,2-dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylate isomers ( α- cypermethrin technical) (CAS No. 67375–30–8) (provided for in subheading 2926.90.30) ............................... Free No chan ge No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 371. ZETA-CYPERMETHRIN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH224 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.04.76 (S)-Cyano-(3-phenoxyphenyl)methyl (+)cis-3-(2,2 -dichloroetheny1)-2,2-dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylate and (S)-cyano-(3-phenoxyphenyl)methyl (+)trans-3-(2,2-dichloroetheny1)-2,2-dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylate (Zeta-cypermethrin) (CAS No. 1315501–18–8) (provided for in subheading 2926.90.30) ................................. Free No chan ge No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 372. ESFENVALERATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.77 (S)-Cyano(3-phenoxyphenyl)methyl (2S)-2-(4-chlorophenyl)-3-methylbutanoate (Esfenvalerate) (CAS No. 66230–04–4) (provided for in subheading 2926.90.30) ............................................................................ ......... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 373. FENPROPATHRIN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.78 α-Cyano-3-phenoxyphenyl 2,2,3,3-tetramethylcyclopropanecarboxylate (Fenpropathrin) (CAS No. 39515–41– 8) (provided in subheading 2926.90.30) ......................................................................................... ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 374. PHTHALODINITRILE CAS 91–15–6. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.79 1,2 Dicyanobenzene (phthalodinitrile) (CAS No. 91–15–6) (provided for in subheading 2926.90.43) ............... Fre e No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 375. DIPHENYLACETONITRILE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.80 2, 2-Diphenylacetonitrile (CAS No. 86–29–3) (provided for in subheading 2926.90.48) .............................. ..... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 376. IPN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.81 Isophthalonitrile (1,3-dicyanobenzene) (CAS No. 626–17–5) (as provided for in subheading 2926.90.48) ...... Free No  change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 377. 3,4-DIFLUOROBENZONITRILE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.82 3,4-Difluorobenzonitrile (CAS No. 64248–62–0) (provided for in subheading 2926.90.48) ............................ ... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 378. AMINOAZOBENZENE-P-SULFONIC ACID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.83 4-[(4-Aminophenyl)azo]-benzenesulfonic acid (CAS No. 104–23–4) (provided for in subheading 2927.00.50) Free No ch ange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 379. METHOXYFENOZIDE TECHNICAL INSEC-TICIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.84 N-(3,5-Dimethylbenzoyl)-3-methoxy-2-methyl-N-(2-methyl-2-propanyl)benzohydrazide (Methoxyfenozide) (CAS No. 161050–58–4) (provided for in subheading 2928.00.25) ....................................................................... ...... 3.2% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 380. BIFENAZATE TECHNICAL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.85 Isopropyl 3-(4-methoxybiphenyl-3-yl)carbazate (Bifenazate) (CAS No. 149877–41–8) (provided for in sub-heading 2928.00.25) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H225 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 381. TRIFLOXYSTROBIN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.86 Methyl (E)-methoxyimino-{(E)-2-[1-( α,α,α-trifluoro-m-tolyl)ethylideneaminooxy]-o-tolyl γacetate (Trifloxystrobin) (CAS No. 141517–21–7) (provided for in subheading 2928.00.25) .......................................... Free N o change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 382. CYFLUFENAMID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.87 (1Z)-N-{(Z)-[(Cyclopropylmethoxy)imino][2,3-difluoro-6-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl]methyl γ-2-phenylethanimidic acid (Cyflufenamid) (CAS No. 180409–60–3) (provided for in subheading 2928.00.25) ................................... Free No cha nge No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 383. TEBUFENOZIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.88 N-(4-Ethylbenzoyl)-3,5-dimethyl-N-(2-methyl-2-propanyl)benzohydrazide (Tebufenozide) (CAS No. 112410– 23–8) (provided for in subheading 2928.00.25) .................................................................................. ................ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 384. CARBONOHYDRAZIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.89 Carbonohydrazide (CAS No. 497–18–7) (provided for in subheading 2928.00.50) ...................................... ...... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 385. TRALKOXYDIM WET CAKE HERBICIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.90 2-(N-Ethoxypropanimidoyl)-3-hydroxy-5-mesityl-2-cyclohexen-1-one (tralkoxydim) (CAS No. 87820–88–0) (provided for in subheading 2928.00.50) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 386. DAMINOZIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.91 4-(2,2-Dimethylhydrazinyl)-4-oxobutanoic acid (Daminozide) (CAS No. 1596–84–5) (provided for in sub-heading 2928.00.50) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 387. AMINOGUANIDINE BICARBONATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.92 Aminoguanidine bicarbonate (CAS No. 2582–30–1) (provided for in subheading 2928.00.50) ......................... Fr ee No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 388. ADH. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.93 Adipic dihydrazide (Hexanedihydrazide) (CAS No. 1071–93–8) (provided for in subheading 2928.00.50) ........ Free No  change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 389. CERTAIN ORGANIC CHEMICALS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.94 Bitolylene diisocyanate (3,3’-dimethylbiphenyl-4,4’-diyl diisocyanate ) (CAS No. 91–97–4) (provided for in subheading 2929.10.20) ......................................................................................................... .............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 390. P-CHLOROPHENYLISOCYANATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH226 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.04.95 4-Chlorophenyl isocyanate (CAS No.104–12–1) (provided for in subheading 2929.10.80) .............................. .. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 391. PHENYLISOCYANATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.96 Phenyl isocyanate (CAS No. 103–71–9) (provided for in subheading 2929.10.80) ..................................... ....... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 392. PCM. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.97 Ethyl [4-chloro-2-fluoro-5-[[[[methyl (1-methylethyl)amino] sulfonyl]amino] carbonyl]phenyl] carbamate (CAS No. 874909–61–2) (provided for in subheading 2929.90.15) ....................................................................... ...... 5.5% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 393. NBPT. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.98 N-Butylthiophosphoric triamide (CAS No. 94317–64–3) (provided in subheading 2929.90.50) ........................ Fr ee No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 394. THIOBENCARB. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.99 S-4-Chlorobenzyl diethylcarbamothioate) (Thiobencarb) (CAS No. 28249–77–6) (provided in subheading 2930.20.10) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 395. EPTC. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.01 S-Ethyl dipropyl(thiocarbamate) (EPTC) (CAS No. 759–94–4) (provided for in subheading 2930.20.90) .......... Free N o change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 396. PHOSMET. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.02 O,O-Dimethyl S-phthalimidomethyl phosphorodithioate (Phosmet) (CAS No. 732–11–6) (provided for in sub-heading 2930.90.10) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 397. MESOTRIONE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.03 2-[4-(Methylsulfonyl)-2-nitrobenzoyl]-1,3-cyclohexanedione (Mesotrione) (CAS No. 104206–82–8) (provided for in subheading 2930.90.10) .................................................................................................. ........................... 6.2% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 398. PROFENOFOS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.04 O-4-Bromo-2-chlorophenyl O-ethyl S-propyl phosphorothioate (Profenofos) (CAS 41198–08–7) (provided for in 2930.90.10) ................................................................................................................. ...................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 399. CLETHODIM. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.05 2-[1-({[(2E)-3-Chloro-2-propen-1-yl]oxy γamino)propylidene]-5-[2-(ethylsulfanyl)propyl]-1,3-cyclohexanedione (Clethodim) (CAS No. 99129–21–2) (provided for in subheading 2930.90.10) .................................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H227 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 400. TOPSIN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.06 Dimethyl (1,2-phenylenedicarbamothioyl)biscarbamate (Thiophanate methyl) (CAS No. 23564–05–8) (pro-vided for in subheading 2930.90.10) ............................................................................................ ....................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 401. AE 747 ETHER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.07 2-Chloro-4-(methylsulfonyl)-3-((2,2,2-trifluoroethoxy)methyl) benzoic acid (CAS No. 120100–77–8) (provided for in subheading 2930.90.29) .................................................................................................. ........................... 5.7% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 402. 2-(METHYLTHIO)-4- (TRIFLUOROMETHYL)BENZOIC ACID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.08 2-(Methylthio)-4-(trifluoromethyl)benzoic acid (MTBA) (CAS No. 142994–05–6) (provided for in subheading 2930.90.29) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 403. OPTICAL BRIGHTENER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.09 Disodium 2,2’-[biphenyl-4,4’-diyldiethene-2,1-diyl]dibenzenesulfonate (CAS No. 27344–41–8) (provided for in subheading 2930.90.29) ...................................................................................................... ............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 404. 4,6-BIS(OCTYLTHIOMETHYL)-O- (IRGANOX 1520 L). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.10 4,6-Bis(octylthiomethyl)-o-cresol (CAS No. 110553–27–0) (provided for in subheading 2930.90.29) ............... Fre e No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 405. 4,4’-THIOBIS 2-1,1-DIMETHYLETHYL–5- METHYL-PHENOL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.11 4,4’-Sulfanediylbis[5-methyl-2-(2-methyl-2-propanyl)phenol] (CAS No. 96–69–5) (provided for in subheading 2930.90.29) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 406. THIO-ETHER BASED CO-STABILIZER FOR PLASTICS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.12 1-(Octadecyldisulfanyl)octadecane (CAS No. 2500–88–1) (provided for in subheading 2930.90.29). ............... Free  No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 407. THIOBIS(6-TERT-BUTYL-4-METHYL-PHENOL). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.13 2,2’-Sulfanediylbis[4-methyl-6-(2-methyl-2-propanyl)phenol] (CAS No. 90–66–4) (provided for in subheading 2930.90.29) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 408. DCDPS, DICHLORDIPHENYLSULFONE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.14 Dichlorodiphenylsulfone (CAS 80–07–9) (provided for in subheading 2930.90.29) .................................... ....... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH228 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 409. THIODICARB. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.15 Methyl (1E)-N-[methyl-[methyl-[(E)-1- methylsulfanylethylideneamino] oxycarbonylamino] sulfanylcarbamoyl] oxyethanimidothioate (Thiodicarb) (CAS No. 59669–26–0) (provided for in subheading 2930.90.43) .............. Free No change No c hange On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 410. ACEPHATE CAS 30560–19–1. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.16 O,S-Dimethyl acetylphosphoramidothioate (Acephate) (CAS No. 30560–19–1) (provided for in subheading 2930.90.43) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... 3.2% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 411. CADUSAFOS TECHNICAL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.17 S,S-Di-sec-butyl O-ethyl phosphorodithioate (Cadusafos) (CAS No. 95465–99–9) (provided for in subheading 2930.90.43) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 412. METHOMYL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.18 Methyl (1E)-N-[(methylcarbamoyl)oxy]ethanimidothioate (Methomyl) (CAS No. 16752–77–5) (provided for in subheading 2930.90.43) ......................................................................................................... .............................. 5.0% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 413. CAPTAN TECHNICAL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.19 2-[(Trichloromethyl)sulfanyl]-3a,4,7,7a-tetrahydro-1H-isoindole-1,3(2H)-dione (Captan) (CAS No. 133–06–2) (provided for in subheading 2930.90.43) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 414. THIOUREA DIOXIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.20 Thiourea dioxide (Amino(imino) methanesulfinic acid) (CAS No. 1758–73–2) (provided for in subheading 2930.90.49) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 415. THIOGLYCOLIC ACID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.21 Thioglycolic acid (Sulfanylacetic acid) (CAS No. 68–11–1) (provided for in subheading 2930.90.49) ............. Fre e No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 416. 2-MERCAPTOETHANOL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.22 2-Mercaptoethanol (CAS No. 60–24–2) (provided for in subheading 2930.90.91) ...................................... ....... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 417. PENTAERYTHRITOL TETRAKIS ( β- LAURYLTHIOPROPIONATE). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.23 3-{[3-(Dodecylsulfanyl)propanoyl] oxy γ-2,2-bis({[3-(dodecylsulfanyl) propanoyl]oxy γ methyl)propyl 3- (dodecylsulfanyl)propanoate) (CAS No. 29598–76–3) (provided for in subheading 2930.90.91) ....................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 418. BME. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H229 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.05.24 2-Mercaptoethanol (2-sulfanylethanol) (CAS No. 60–24–2) (provided for in subheading 2930.90.91) ............. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 419. DI-TERT-NONYLPOLYSULFIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.25 Di-tert-nonyl polysulfide (CAS No. 68425–16–1) (provided for in subheading 2930.90.91) ........................... ... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 420. ALLYL ISOTHIOCYANATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.26 Allyl isothiocyanate (CAS No. 57–06–7) (provided for in subheading 2930.90.91) ................................... ......... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 421. ACM ESTER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.27 3-[Butoxy(methyl)phosphoryl]-1-cyanopropyl acetate (CAS No. 167004–78–6) (provided for in subheading 2931.39.00) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... 3.2% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 422. METHYLPHOSPHINIC ACID N-BUTYL ESTER (MPE). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.28 Butyl methylphosphinate (CAS No. 6172–80–1) (provided for in subheading 2931.39.00). ............................. . 2.8% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 423. PMIDA. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.29 2,2’-[(Phosphonomethyl)imino]diacetic acid hydrate (1:1) (CAS No. 5994–61–6) (provided for in subheading 2931.39.00) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... 2.5% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 424. TRIPHENYLPHOSPHINE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.30 Triphenyl phosphine (CAS No. 603–35–0) (provided for in subheading 2931.39.00) ................................... ..... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 425. FENBUTATIN OXIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.31 Bis[tris(2-methyl-2-phenylpropyl)tin]oxide (Fenbutatin oxide) (CAS No. 13356–08–6) (provided for in sub-heading 2931.90.26) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 426. TRIPHENYLTIN HYDROXIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.32 Triphenyltin hydroxide (CAS No. 76–87–9) (provided for in subheading 2931.90.26) ................................. ....... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 427. ULTRAVIOLET DYE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.33 (Triethoxysilyl)methyl anthracene-9-carboxylate (CAS No. 313482–99–4) (provided for in subheading 2931.90.30) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 428. PBA SOLID (PHENYL BORONIC ACID). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH230 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.05.34 4-Chloro-2-fluoro-3-methoxyphenylboronic acid (CAS No. 944129–07–1) (provided for in subheading 2931.90.30) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... 4.6% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 429. BENZENE PHOSPHINIC ACID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.35 Phenylphosphinic acid (CAS No. 1779–48–2) (provided for in subheading 2931.90.60) ................................ ... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 430. MORPHOLINOMETHANE DIPHOSPHONIC ACID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.36 (4-Morpholinylmethylene)bis(phosphonic acid) (CAS No. 32545–75–8) (provided for in subheading 2931.90.60) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 431. GLUFOSINATE-AMMONIUM. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.37 Ammonium (2RS)-2-amino-4-(methylphosphinato)butyric acid (Glufosinate Ammonium) (CAS No. 77182–82– 2) (provided for in subheading 2931.39.00) ..................................................................................... ................... 1.5% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 432. MSMA. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.38 Sodium hydrogen methylarsonate (CAS No. 2163–80–6) (provided for in subheading 2931.90.90) ................. Free N o change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 433. THPC. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.39 Tetrakis (hydroxymethyl)phosphonium chloride (CAS No. 124–64–1) (provided for in subheading 2931.90.90) Free No c hange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 434. THPS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.40 Tetrakis (hydroxymethyl)phosphonium sulfate (CAS No. 55566–30–8) (provided for in subheading 2931.90.90) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 435. GLYPHOSATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.41 N-(Phosphonomethyl) glycine (Glyphosate) (CAS No. 1071–83–6) (provided for in subheading 2931.90.90) ... 3.1% No ch ange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 436. METATIN KATALYSATOR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.42 Bis[(2,2-dimethyloctanoyl)oxy] (dimethyl)stannane (CAS No. 68928–76–7) (provided for in subheading 2931.90.90) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 437. ETHEPHON. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.43 (2-Chloroethyl)phosphonic acid (Ethephon) (CAS No.16672–87–0) (provided for in subheading 2931.90.90) Free No chan ge No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H231 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 438. SILICONE OIL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.44 Dimethyl, methyl (polyethylene oxide acetate-capped) siloxane (CAS No. 70914–12–4) (provided for in sub-heading 2931.90.90) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 439. DINOTEFURAN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.45 2-Methyl-1-nitro-3-(tetrahydro-2-furanylmethyl)guanidine (Dinotefuran) (CAS No. 165252–70–0) (provided for in subheading 2932.19.51) .................................................................................................. ........................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 440. SORBITAN CAPRYLATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.46 3,6-Anhydro-1-O-octanoylhexitol (sorbitan caprylate) (CAS No. 60177–36–8) (provided for in subheading 2932.19.51) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 441. COUMAPHOS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.47 O-(3-Chloro-4-methyl-2-oxo-2H-chromen-7-yl) O,O-diethyl phosphorothioate (Coumaphos) (CAS No. 56–72– 4) (provided for in subheading 2932.20.10) ..................................................................................... ................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 442. SPIROMESIFEN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.48 3-Mesityl-2-oxo-1-oxaspiro[4.4] non-3-en-4-yl 3,3-dimethylbutyrate (Spiromesifen) (CAS No. 283594–90–1) (provided for in subheading 2932.20.10) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 443. SPIRODICLOFEN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.49 3-(2,4-Dichlorophenyl)-2-oxo-1-oxaspiro[4.5] dec-3-en-4-yl 2,2-dimethylbutanoate (Spirodiclofen) (CAS No. 148477–71–8) (provided for in subheading 2932.20.10) ........................................................................... ........ 1.9% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 444. BRODIFACOUM. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.50 4-Hydroxy-3-(3-(4’-bromo-4-biphenylyl)-1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-1-naphthyl)coumarin (Brodifacoum) (CAS No. 56073–10–0) (provided for in subheading 2932.20.10) ............................................................................ ......... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 445. EMAMECTIN BENZOATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.51 (4’’R)-4’’-Deoxy-4’’-(methylamino)avermectin b1 benzoate (CAS No. 155569–91–8) (provided for in sub-heading 3824.99.92 or 2932.20.50) .............................................................................................. ....................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 446. GIBBERELLIC ACID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.52 Mixtures of gibberellic acid (CAS No. 77–06–5), gibberellin A4 (CAS No. 468–44–0) and gibberellin A7 (CAS No. 510–75–8) (provided for in subheading 2932.20.50) .......................................................................... ......... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH232 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 447. ERYTHORBIC ACID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.53 Erythorbic acid ((5R)-5-[(1R)-1,2-dihydroxyethyl]-3,4-dihydroxy-2(5H)-furanone) (CAS No. 89–65–6) (provided for in subheading 2932.20.50) .................................................................................................. ........................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 448. SODIUM ERYTHORBATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.54 Sodium erythorbate (sodium (2R)-2-[(2R)-4,5-dihydroxy-3-oxo-2,3-dihydro-2-furanyl]-2-hydroxyethanolate) (CAS No. 6381–77–7) (provided for in subheading 2932.20.50) .................................................................... .... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 449. ETHOFUMESATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.55 (RS)-2-Ethoxy-2,3-dihydro-3,3-dimethylbenzofuran-5-yl methanesulfonate (Ethofumesate) (CAS No. 26225– 79–6) (provided for in subheading 2932.99.08) .................................................................................. ................ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 450. CARBOSULFAN TECHNICAL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.56 2,2-Dimethyl-2,3-dihydro-1-benzofuran-7-yl [(dibutylamino)sulfanyl]methylcarbamate (Carbosulfan Tech-nical) (CAS No. 55285–14–8) (provided for in subheading 2932.99.20) ........................................................... F ree No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 451. HELIONAL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.57 3-(1,3-Benzodioxol-5-yl)-2-methylpropanal (Helional) (CAS No. 1205–17–0) (provided for in subheading 2932.99.70) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 452. REACTION MASS OF (REL-2R,4R)- TETRAHYDO (PYRANOL). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.58 Reaction mixture of (rel-2R,4R)-tetrahydro-4-methyl-2-(2-methylpropyl)-2H-pyran-4-ol and (rel-2R,4S)- tetrahydro-4-methyl-2-(2-methylpropyl)-2H-pyran-4-ol (CAS No. 63500–71–0) (provided for in subheading 2932.99.90) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 453. AUGEO CLEAN PLUS OR AUGEO FILM. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.59 (2-Isobutyl-2-methyl-1,3-dioxolan-4-yl)methanol (CAS No. 5660–53–7) (provided for in subheading 2932.99.90) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 454. FRESCOLAT MGA. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.60 6-Isopropyl-9-methyl-1,4-dioxaspiro[4.5]decane-2-methanol (Menthone glyceryl ketal) (CAS No. 63187-91–7) (provided for in subheading 2932.99.90) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 455. FENPYROXIMATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H233 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.05.61 tert-Butyl (E)- α-(1,3-dimethyl-5-phenoxypyrazol-4-ylmethyleneamino oxy)-p-toluate (Fenpyroximate (ISO)) (CAS No. 134098–61–6) (provided for in subheading 2933.19.23) .................................................................. .. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 456. PYRACLONIL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.62 1-(3-Chloro-4,5,6,7-tetrahydropyrazolo[1,5-a]pyridin-2-yl)-5-[methyl(prop-2-ynyl)amino]pyrazole-4-carbonitrile (Pyraclonil) (CAS No. 158353–15–2) (provided for in subheading 2933.19.23) ................................................. Free  No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 457. PYRAFLUFEN-ETHYL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.63 Ethyl 2-chloro-5-(4-chloro-5-difluoromethoxy-1-methyl-1H-pyrazol-3-yl)-4-fluorophenoxyacetate (Pyraflufen- ethyl) (CAS. No 129630–19–9) (provided for in subheading 2933.19.23) .......................................................... F ree No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 458. TOLFENPYRAD. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.64 4-Chloro-3-ethyl-1-methyl-N-[4-(p-tolyloxy)benzyl] pyrazole-5-carboxamide (Tolfenpyrad) (CAS No. 129558– 76–5) (provided for in subheading 2933.19.23) .................................................................................. ................ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 459. PENFLUFEN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.65 5-Fluoro-1,3-dimethyl-N-[2-(4-methylpentan-2-yl)phenyl]-1H-pyrazole-4-carboxamide (CAS No. 494793–67– 8) (provided for in subheading 2933.19.23) ..................................................................................... ................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 460. PYRAZOLE: AROMATIC PESTICIDE (FIPRONIL). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.66 (RS)-5-Amino-1-[2,6-dichloro-4-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl]-4-(trifluoromethysulfinyl)-1H-pyrazole-3-carbonitrile (Fipronil) (CAS No. 120068–37–3) (provided for in subheading 2933.19.23) .................................................... 4.4 % No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 461. PYRACLOSTROBIN TECHNICAL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.67 Methyl N-(2-[[1-(4-chlorophenyl)pyrazol-3-yl]oxymethyl]- phenyl)-(N-methoxy)carbamate (Pyraclostrobin) (CAS No. 175013–18–0) (provided for in subheading 2933.19.23) ....................................................................... ...... 6.2% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 462. SEDAXANE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.68 N-[2-(2-Cyclopropylcyclopropyl)phenyl]-3-(difluoromethyl)-1-methylpyrazole-4-carboxamide (Sedaxane) (CAS No. 874967–67–6) (provided for in subheading 2933.19.23) ....................................................................... ...... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 463. SOLATENOL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.69 N-[9-(Dichloromethylidene)-1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-1,4-methanonaphthalen-5-yl]-3-(difluoromethyl)-1-methyl-1H- pyrazole-4-carboxamide (Benzovindiflupyr) (CAS No. 1072957–71–1) (provided for in subheading 2933.19.23) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... 4.0% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 464. FENPYRAZAMINE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH234 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.05.70 S-Allyl 5-amino-2-isopropyl-4-(2-methylphenyl)-3-oxo-2,3-dihydro-1H-pyrazole-1-carbothioate (Fenpyrazamine) (CAS No. 473798–59–3) (provided for in subheading 2933.19.23) ........................................ Free No ch ange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 465. TECHNICAL TOLPYRALATE HERBICIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.71 1-[[1-ethyl-4-[3-(2-methoxyethoxy)-2-methyl-4-(methylsulfonyl)benzoyl]-1H-pyrazol-5-yl]oxy]ethyl methyl car-bonate (Tolpyralate) (CAS No. 1101132–67–5) (provided for in subheading 2933.19.23) ................................ Free No chan ge No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 466. 3-(DIFLUOROMETHYL)-1-METHYL-N- (3’,(XEMIUM TECH). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.72 3-(Difluoromethyl)-1-methyl-N-(3’,4’,5’-trifluorobiphenyl-2-yl)pyrazole-4-carboxamide (Fluxapyroxad) (CAS No. 907204–31–3) (provided for in subheading 2933.19.37) ........................................................................... ........ 5.7% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 467. IPRODIONE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.73 3-(3,5-Dichlorophenyl)-N-isopropyl-2,4-dioxoimidazolidine-1-carboxamide (Iprodione) (CAS No. 36734–19–7) (provided for in subheading 2933.21.00) ........................................................................................ ..................... 2.0% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 468. TRIFLUMIZOLE TECHNICAL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.74 (E)-4-Chloro- α,α,α-trifluoro-N-(1-imidazol-1-yl-2-propoxyethylidene)-o-toluidine (Triflumizole) (CAS No. 99387–89–0) (provided for in subheading 2933.29.35) ............................................................................ ......... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 469. FENAMIDONE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.75 (S)-1-Anilino-4-methyl-2-methylthio-4-phenylimidazolin-5-one (Fenamidone) (CAS No. 161326–34–7) (pro-vided for in subheading 2933.29.35) ............................................................................................ ....................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 470. TECHNICAL CYAZOFAMID FUNGICIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.76 4-Chloro-1-(dimethylaminosulfonyl)-5-(p-tolyl)imidazole-2-carbonitrile (Cyazofamid) (CAS No. 120116–88–3) (provided for in subheading 2933.29.43) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 471. 1-METHYLHYDANTOIN-2-IMIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.77 Creatinine (2-amino-1-methyl-1,5-dihydro-4H-imidazol-4-one) (CAS No. 60–27–5) (provided for in sub-heading 2933.29.90) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 472. HINDERED AMINE LIGHT STABILIZER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.78 Bis(2,2,6,6-tetramethyl-4-piperidyl) sebacate (CAS No. 52829–07–9) (provided for in subheading 2933.39.20) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 473. FLUOPICOLIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H235 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.05.79 2,6-Dichloro-N-[3-chloro-5-(trifluoromethyl)-2-pyridylmethyl]benzamide (Fluopicolide) (CAS No. 239110–15– 7) (provided for in subheading 2933.39.21) ..................................................................................... ................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 474. FLUOPYRAM. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.80 N-[2-[3-Chloro-5-(trifluoromethyl) pyridin-2-yl]ethyl]-2-(trifluoromethyl) benzamide (Fluopyram) (CAS No. 658066–35–4) (provided for in subheading 2933.39.21) ........................................................................... ........ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 475. 2-CHLORO-N-(4’-CHLORO-BIPHENY (BOSCALID TECH) . 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.81 2-Chloro-N-(4’-chloro-biphenyl-2-yl)-nicotinamide (Boscalid) (CAS No. 188425–85–6) (provided for in sub-heading 2933.39.21) ............................................................................................................ ................................. 5.2% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 476. TECHNICAL ISOFETAMID FUNGICIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.82 N-[1-(4-Isopropoxy-2-methylphenyl)-2-methyl-1-oxopropan-2-yl]-3-methylthiophene-2-carboxamide (Isofetamid) (CAS No. 875915–78–9) (provided for in subheading 2933.39.21) ............................................... Free N o change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 477. TECHNICAL FLUAZINAM FUNGICIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.83 3-Chloro-N-[3-chloro-2,6-dinitro-4-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl]-5-(trifluoromethyl)-2-pyridinamine (Fluazinam) (CAS No. 79622–59–6) (provided for in subheading 2933.39.21) ................................................................... ... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 478. TECHNICAL PYRIOFENONE FUNGICIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.84 (5-chloro-2-methoxy-4-methyl-3-pyridyl)(4,5,6-trimethoxy-o-tolyl)methanone (Pyriofenone) (CAS No. 688046– 61–9) (provided for in subheading 2933.39.21) and any formulations containing such compound (provided for in subheading 3808.92.15) .................................................................................................. ........................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 479. PARAQUAT DICHLORIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.85 o-Paraquat dichloride (CAS No. 1910–42–5) (provided for in subheading 2933.39.23) ................................ .... 3.0% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 480. IMAZETHAPYR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.86 5-Ethyl-2-[(RS)-4-isopropyl-4-methyl-5-oxo-2-imidazolin-2-yl]nicotinic acid (Imazethapyr) (CAS No. 81335– 77–5) (provided for in subheading 2933.39.25) .................................................................................. ................ 2.2% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 481. FLURIDONE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.87 1-Methyl-3-phenyl-5-[3-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl]-4(1H)-pyridinone (Fluridone) (CAS No. 59756–60–4) (pro-vided for in subheading 2933.39.25) ............................................................................................ ....................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 482. BICYCLOPYRONE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH236 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.05.88 4-Hydroxy-3-[[2-[(2-methoxyethoxy)methyl]-6-(trifluoromethyl)-3-pyridinyl]carbonyl]bicyclo[3.2.1]oct-3-en-2- one (Bicyclopyrone) (CAS No. 352010–68–5) (provided for in subheading 2933.39.25) .................................... 4.0% No ch ange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 483. CLOPYRALID TECHNICAL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.89 3,6-Dichloro-2-pyridinecarboxylic acid (CAS No. 1702–17–6) (provided for in subheading 2933.39.25) .......... 1.4% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 484. PICLORAM TECHNICAL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.90 4-Amino-3,5,6-trichloro-2-pyridinecarboxylic acid (CAS No. 1918–02–1)(provided for in subheading 2933.39.25) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... 4.3% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 485. CLODINAFOP-PROPARGYL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.91 2-Propyn-1-yl (2R)-2-{4-[(5-chloro-3-fluoro-2-pyridinyl)oxy]phenoxy γpropanoate (Clodinafop-propargyl) (CAS No. 105512–06–9) (provided for in subheading 2933.39.25) ....................................................................... ...... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 486. AMINOPYRALID TECHNICAL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.92 4-Amino-3,6-dichloro-2-pyridinecarboxylic acid (Aminopyralid) (CAS No. 150114–71–9) (provided for in sub-heading 2933.39.25) ............................................................................................................ ................................. 4.1% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 487. TRICLOPYR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.93 [(3,5,6-Trichloro-2-pyridinyl)oxy]acetic acid (Triclopyr) (CAS No. 55335–06–3) (provided for in subheading 2933.39.25) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 488. FLUROXPYR TECHNICAL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.94 2-Octanyl [(4-amino-3,5-dichloro-6-fluoro-2-pyridinyl)oxy]acetate (Fluroxypyr-meptyl) (CAS No. 81406–37–3) (provided for in subheading 2933.39.25) ........................................................................................ ..................... 1.6% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 489. ARYLEX TECHNICAL HERBICIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.95 Methyl 4-amino-3-chloro-6- (4-chloro-2-fluoro-3- methoxyphenyl)-2-pyridinecarboxylate (Halauxifen-methyl) (CAS No. 943831–98–9) (provided for in subheading 2933.39.25) .................................................................. .. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 490. MEPIQUAT CHLORIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.96 1,1-Dimethylpiperidinium chloride (Mepiquat chloride) (CAS No. 24307–26–4) (provided for in subheading 2933.39.27) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 491. IMIDACLOPRID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.97 N-[1-[(6-Chloropyridin-3-yl)methyl]-4,5-dihydroimidazol-2-yl]nitramide (Imidacloprid) (CAS No. 138261–41– 3) (provided for in subheading 2933.39.27) ..................................................................................... ................... 4.3% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H237 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 492. SALTIDIN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.98 1-Methylpropyl 2-(2-hydroxyethyl)piperidine-1-carboxylate (CAS No.119515–38–7) (provided for in sub-heading 2933.39.27) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 493. ACETAMIPRID TECHNICAL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.99 (E)-N1-[(6-Chloro-3-pyridyl)methyl]-N2-cyano-N1-methyl-acetamidine (Acetamiprid) (CAS No. 135410–20–7) (provided for in subheading 2933.39.27) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 494. 2-CHLORO-6-TRICHLOROMETHYL PYRI-DINE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.01 2-Chloro-6-(trichloromethyl)pyridine (CAS No. 1929–82–4) (provided for in subheading 2933.39.27) ............. 0.6%  No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 495. COPPER 1-OXIDOPYRIDINE-2-THIONE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.02 Copper(2+) bis(2-pyridinethiolate 1-oxide) (CAS No. 14915–37–8) (provided for in subheading 2933.39.27) Free No c hange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 496. PYRIDALYL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.03 2-(3-{2,6-Dichloro-4-[(3,3-dichloro-2-propen-1-yl)oxy]phenoxy γpropoxy)-5-(trifluoromethyl)pyridine (Pyridalyl) (CAS No. 179101–81–6) (provided for in subheading 2933.39.27) .................................................................. .. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 497. PYRIPROXYFEN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.04 2-{[1-(4-Phenoxyphenoxy)-2-propanyl]oxy γpyridine (Pyriproxyfen) (CAS No. 95737–68–1)(provided for in sub- heading 2933.39.27) ............................................................................................................ ................................. 3.5% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 498. BENZIMIDAZOLE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.05 Methyl {(2S,3R)-1-[(2S)-2-{5-[(2R,5R)-1-{3,5-difluoro-4-[4-(4-fluorophenyl)-1-piperidinyl]phenyl γ-5-(6-fluoro- 2-{(2S)-1-[N-(methoxycarbonyl)-O-methyl-L-threonyl]-2-pyrrolidinyl γ-1H-benzimidazol-5-yl)- 2-pyrrolidinyl]-6- fluoro-1H-benzimidazol-2-ylγ-1-pyrrolidinyl]-3-methoxy-1-oxo-2-butanyl γcarbamate (Pibrentasvir) (CAS No. 1353900–92–1) (provided for in subheading 2933.39.41) .......................................................................... ....... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 499. RELEBACTAM (MK-7655). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.06 (2S,5R)-7-Oxo-N-(piperidin-4-yl)-6-(sulfooxy)-1,6-diazabicyclo[3.2.1]octane-2-carboxamide (CAS No.1174018–99–5) (provided for in subheading 2933.39.41) ....................................................................... ..... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 500. 2,3-DICHLORO-5- (TRIFLUOROMETHYL)PYRIDINE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.07 2,3-Dichloro-5-(trifluoromethyl)pyridine (CAS No. 69045–84–7) (provided for in subheading 2933.39.61) ...... 2.5% N o change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH238 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 501. 2-ACETYLNICOTINIC ACID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.08 2-Acetylnicotinic acid (CAS No. 89942–59–6) (provided for in subheading 2933.39.61) .............................. .... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 502. HINDERED AMINE LIGHT STABILIZER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.09 Bis(2,2,6,6-tetramethyl-1-octyloxy-4-piperidyl) sebacate (CAS No. 129757–67–1) (provided for in sub-heading 2933.39.61) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 503. 5-METHYLMETHOXYPYRIDINE-2,3- DICAR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.10 5-Methylmethoxypyridine-2,3-dicarboxylic acid (CAS No. 143382–03–0) (provided for in subheading 2933.39.61) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... 3.8% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 504. 5-METHYLPYRIDINE-2,3-DICARBOXYLIC ACID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.11 Dimethyl 5-methylpyridine-2,3-dicarboxylate (CAS No. 112110–16–4) (provided for in subheading 2933.39.61) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 505. 5-METHYLPYRIDINE-2,3-DICARBOXYLIC ACID (5-MPDC). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.12 5-Methylpyridine-2,3-dicarboxylic acid (CAS No. 53636–65–0) (provided for in subheading 2933.39.61) ....... Free No  change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 506. 2,3-PYRIDINEDICARBOXYLIC ACID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.13 2,3-Pyridinedicarboxylic acid (CAS No. 89–00–9) (provided for in subheading 2933.39.61) .......................... ... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 507. N,N’-BIS(2,2,6,6-TETRAMETHYL-4- (UVINUL 4050). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.14 N,N’-1,6-Hexanediylbis(2,2,6,6-tetramethyl-4-piperidinecarboxamide (CAS No. 124172–53–8) (provided for in subheading 2933.39.61) ......................................................................................................... .............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 508. BIS(1,2,2,6,6-PENTAMETHYL-4-PI (TINUVIN 765). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.15 Bis(1,2,2,6,6-pentamethyl-4-piperidyl)sebacate (CAS No. 41556–26–7) and methyl 1,2,2,6,6-pentamethyl-4- piperidyl sebacate (CAS No. 82919–37–7) (provided for in subheading 2933.39.61) ....................................... Free No c hange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 509. N,N’-BIS(2,2,6,6-TETRAMETHYL-4- PIPERIDINYL)ISOPH. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H239 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.06.16 N,N’-Bis(2,2,6,6-tetramethyl-4-piperidinyl)isophthalamide (CAS No. 42774–15–2) (provided for in sub-heading 2933.39.61). ........................................................................................................... ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 510. HINDERED AMINE LIGHT STABILIZER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.17 3-Dodecyl-1-(2,2,6,6-tetramethyl-4-piperidinyl)-2,5-pyrrolidinedione (CAS No. 79720–19–7) (provided for in subheading 2933.39.61) ......................................................................................................... .............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 511. ACYLATED STERICALLY HINDERED LIGHT STABILIZER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.18 1-(1-Acetyl-2,2,6,6-tetramethyl-4-piperidinyl)-3-dodecyl-2,5-pyrrolidinedione (CAS No. 106917–31–1) (pro-vided for in subheading 2933.39.61) ............................................................................................ ....................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 512. M-TMP INTERMEDIATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.19 2-Methoxy-4-(trifluoromethyl)pyridine (CAS No. 219715–34–1) (provided for in subheading 2933.39.61) ....... Free No  change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 513. 2-CYANOPYRIDINE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.20 2-Cyanopyridine (2-Pyridinecarbonitrile) (CAS No. 100–70–9) (provided for in subheading 2933.39.91) ......... 2.3% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 514. N-BUTYL-TAD. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.21 N-Butyl-2,2,6,6-tetramethylpiperidin-4-amine (CAS No. 36177–92–1) (provided for in subheading 2933.39.91) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 515. FOOD AND FEED PRESERVATIVE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.22 Ethoxyquin (1,2-dihydro-6-ethoxy-2,2,4-trimethylquinoline) (CAS No. 91–53–2) (provided for in subheading 2933.49.10) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... 1.2% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 516. QUINCLORAC. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.23 3,7-Dichloro-8-quinolinecarboxylic acid (Quinclorac) (CAS No. 84087–01–4) (provided for in subheading 2933.49.30) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 517. CLOQUINTOCENT-MEXYL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.24 1-Methylhexyl [(5-chloroquinolin-8-yl)oxy]acetate (Cloquintocet-mexyl) (CAS No. 99607–70–2) (provided for in subheading 2933.49.60) ...................................................................................................... ............................. 4.2% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 518. CLOQUINTOCET ACID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.25 (5-Chloro-8-quinolyloxy)acetic acid (Cloquintocet) (CAS No. 88349–88–6) (provided for in subheading 2933.49.60) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH240 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 519. QUINALDINE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.26 2-Methylquinoline (Quinaldine) (CAS No. 91–63–4) (provided for in subheading 2933.49.70) ......................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 520. BUTAFENACIL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.27 (2-Methyl-1-oxo-1-prop-2-enoxypropan-2-yl) 2-chloro-5-[3-methyl-2,6-dioxo-4-(trifluoromethyl)pyrimidin-1- yl]benzoate (Butafenacil) (CAS No. 134605–64–4) (provided for in subheading 2933.59.10) .......................... Free No change  No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 521. TERBACIL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.28 3-tert-Butyl-5-chloro-6-methyluracil (Terbacil) (CAS No. 5902–51–2) (provided for in subheading 2933.59.10) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 522. BISPYRIBAC SODIUM. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.29 Sodium 2,6-bis[(4,6-dimethoxypyrimidin-2-yl)oxy]benzoate (Bispyribac-sodium) (CAS No. 125401–92–5) (pro-vided for in subheading 2933.59.10) ............................................................................................ ....................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 523. AZOXYSTROBIN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.30 Methyl (2E)-2-(2-{[6-(2-cyanophenoxy)pyrimidin-4-yl]oxy γphenyl)-3-methoxyacrylate (Azoxystrobin) (CAS No. 131860–33–8) (provided for in subheading 2933.59.15) ........................................................................... ........ 6.2% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 524. CYPRODINIL TECHNICAL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.31 4-Cyclopropyl-6- methyl-N-phenyl pyrimidin-2- amine (cyprodinil) (CAS No. 121552–61–2) (provided for in subheading 2933.59.15) ......................................................................................................... .............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 525. PYRIMETHANIL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.32 N-(4,6-Dimethylpyrimidin-2-yl)aniline (Pyrimethanil) (CAS No. 53112–28–0) (provided for in subheading 2933.59.15) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 526. 6-BA. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.33 N-Benzyl-3H-purin-6-amine (Benzyladenine) (CAS No.1214–39–7) (provided for in subheading 2933.59.15) Free No chang e No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 527. 5-ETHYL-6-OCTYL [1,2,4]TRIAZOL(AMETOCTRADINE). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.34 5-Ethyl-6-octyl[1,2,4]triazolo[1,5-a]pyrimidin-7-amine (Ametoctradin) (CAS No. 865318–97–4) (provided for in subheading 2933.59.15) ...................................................................................................... ............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 528. BROMACIL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H241 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.06.35 5-Bromo-3-sec-butyl-6-methyluracil (Bromacil) (CAS No. 314–40–9) (provided for in subheading 2933.59.18) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 529. PIRIMIPHOS-METHYL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.36 O-(2-Diethylamino-6-methylpyrimidin-4-yl) O,O-dimethyl phosphorothioate (Pirimiphos-methyl) (CAS No. 29232–93–7) (provided for in subheading 2933.59.18) ............................................................................ ......... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 530. AMINOCYCLOPYRACHLOR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.37 6-Amino-5-chloro-2-cyclopropyl-pyrimidine-4-carboxylic acid (Aminocyclopyrachlor) (CAS No. 858956–08–8) (provided for in subheading 2933.59.18) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 531. LETERMOVIR (MK-8228). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.38 {(4S)-8-Fluoro-2-[4-(3-methoxyphenyl)-1-piperazinyl]-3-[2-methoxy-5-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl]-3,4-dihydro-4- quinazolinylγacetic acid (CAS No. 917389–32–3) (provided for in subheading 2933.59.36) ............................ Free No change No change O n or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 532. BENZO[H]QUINAZOLIN-4(3H)-ONE DE-RIVATIVE (MK-7622). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.39 3-[(1S,2S)-2-Hydroxycyclohexyl]-6-[(6-methyl-3-pyridinyl)methyl]benzo[h]quinazolin-4(3H)-one (CAS No.1227923–29–6) (provided for in subheading 2933.59.53) ....................................................................... ..... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 533. PYRIFLUQUINAZON. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.40 1-Acetyl-1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-3-[(3-pyridylmethyl)amino]-6-[1,2,2,2-tetrafluoro-1-(trifluoromethyl) ethyl] quinazolin-2-one (Pyrifluquinazon) (CAS No. 337458–27–2) (provided for in subheading 2933.59.70) ........... Free No change No ch ange On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 534. DEDS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.41 2,2’-Disulfanediylbis(5-ethoxy-7-fluoro[1,2,4]triazolo[1,5-c]pyrimidine) (CAS No. 166524–75–0) (provided for in subheading 2933.59.70) ...................................................................................................... ............................. 0.6% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 535. PHENYL(4,6-DIMETHOXY-PYRIMIDIN-2- YL)CARBAMATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.42 Phenyl(4,6-dimethoxy-2-pyrimidinyl)carbamate (CAS No. 89392–03–0) (provided for in subheading 2933.59.70) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 536. METHYLIODOURACIL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.43 1-[2-Fluoro-6-(trifluoromethyl)benzyl]-5-iodo-6-methyl-2,4(1H,3H)-pyrimidinedione (CAS No. 1150560–54–5) (provided for in subheading 2933.59.70) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 537. PYRIMISULFAN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH242 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.06.44 (RS)-2′-[(4,6-dimethoxypyrimidin-2-yl)(hydroxy)methyl]-1,1-difluoro-6 ′-(methoxymethyl)methanesulfonanilide (Pyrimisulfan) (CAS No. 221205–90–9) (provided for in subheading 2933.59.80) ............................................ Free No  change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 538. DMDS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.45 2,2-Dithiobis(8-fluoro-5-methoxy)-1,2,4-triazolo[1,5-c] pyrimidine (CAS No. 166524–74–9) (provided for in subheading 2933.59.95) ......................................................................................................... .............................. 1.0% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 539. TRIETHYLENEDIAMINE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.46 Triethylenediamine (1,4-diazabicyclo[2.2.2]octane) (CAS No. 280–57–9) (provided for in subheading 2933.59.95) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 540. DAT INTERMEDIATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.47 5,8-Dimethoxy[1,2,4]triazolo[1,5-c]pyrimidin-2-amine (CAS No. 219715–62–5) (provided for in subheading 2933.59.95) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 541. 2-AMINO-4,6-DIMETHYLPYRIMIDINE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.48 4,6-Dimethyl-2-pyrimidinamine (CAS No. 767–15–7) (provided for in subheading 2933.59.95) ....................... Fr ee No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 542. ADTP. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.49 2-Amino-5,7-dimethoxy-1,2,4-triazolo[1,5-a]pyrimidine (ADTP) (CAS No. 13223–43–3) (provided for in sub-heading 2933.59.95) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 543. CYANURIC CHLORIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.50 Cyanuric chloride (2,4,6-trichloro-1,3,5-triazine) (CAS No. 108–77–0) (provided for in subheading 2933.69.60) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 544. METRIBUZIN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.51 4-Amino-6-tert-butyl-3-methylthio-1,2,4-triazin-5(4H)-one (Metribuzin) (CAS No. 21087–64–9) (provided for in subheading 2933.69.60) ...................................................................................................... ............................. 1.9% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 545. HEXAZINONE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.52 3-Cyclohexyl-6-dimethylamino-1-methyl-1,3,5-triazine-2,4(1H,3H)-dione (Hexazinone) (CAS No. 51235–04–2) (provided for in subheading 2933.69.60) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 546. PYMETROZINE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.53 6-Methyl-4-{[(1E)-pyridin-3-ylmethylene]amino γ-4,5-dihydro-1,2,4-triazin-3(2H)-one (Pymetrozine) (CAS No. 123312–89–0) (provided for in subheading 2933.69.60) ........................................................................... ........ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H243 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 547. ATRAZINE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.54 6-Chloro-4-N-ethyl-2-N-propan-2-yl-1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diamine (Atrazine) (CAS No. 1912–24–9) (provided for in subheading 2933.69.60) ...................................................................................................... ............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 548. SIMAZINE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.55 6-Chloro-2-N,4-N-diethyl-1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diamine (Simazine) (CAS No. 122–34–9) (provided for in sub-heading 2933.69.60) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 549. HIGH PERFORMANCE HALOGEN FREE FLAME RETARDANT. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.56 1,3,5-Triazinane-2,4,6-trione—1,3,5-triazine-2,4,6-triamine (1:1) (CAS No. 37640–57–6) (provided for in subheading 2933.69.60) ......................................................................................................... .............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 550. PROPAZINE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.57 6-Chloro-2-N,4-N-di(propan-2-yl)-1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diamine (Propazine) (CAS No. 139–40–2) (provided for in subheading 2933.69.60) ...................................................................................................... ............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 551. INDAZIFLAM. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.58 N-[(1R,2S)-2,6-Dimethyl-2,3-dihydro-1H-inden-1-yl]-6-[(1R)-1-fluoroethyl]-1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diamine (Indaziflam) (CAS No. 950782–86–2) (provided for in subheading 2933.69.60) ............................................... Free N o change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 552. PHENOL,2-(4,6-DIPHENYL-1,3,(TINUVIN 1577). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.59 2-(4,6-Diphenyl-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl)-5-(hexyloxy)phenol (CAS No. 147315–50–2) (provided for in subheading 2933.69.60) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 553. 2-HYDROXYPHENYL-S-TRI-AZINE(TINUVIN 1600). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.60 2-[4,6-Di(4-biphenylyl)-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl]-5-[(2-ethylhexyl)oxy]phenol (CAS No. 204583–39–1) (provided for in subheading 2933.69.60) ...................................................................................................... ............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 554. TERBUTRYN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.61 (4E)-4-(Ethylimino)-N-(2-methyl-2-propanyl)-6-(methylsulfanyl)-1,4-dihydro-1,3,5-triazin-2-amine (terbutryn) (CAS No. 886–50–0) (provided for in subheading 2933.69.60) ..................................................................... ..... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 555. TRIS (2-HYDROXYETHYL) ISOCYANURATE (THEIC). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.62 1,3,5-Tris(2-hydroxyethyl)-1,3,5-triazinane-2,4,6-trione (THEIC) (CAS No. 839–90–7) (provided for in sub-heading 2933.69.60) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH244 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 556. 2-AMINO-4-METHOXY-6-METHYL-1,3,5- TRIAZINE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.63 4-Methoxy-6-methyl-1,3,5-triazin-2-amine (CAS No. 1668–54–8) (provided for in subheading 2933.69.60) ... Free No ch ange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 557. 2–METHYL-4-METHOXY-6- METHYLAMINO-1,3,5-TRIAZINE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.64 4-Methoxy-N,6-dimethyl-1,3,5-triazin-2-amine (CAS No. 5248–39–5) (provided for in subheading 2933.69.60) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 558. TRIALLYL CYANURATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.65 Triallyl cyanurate (2,4,6-tris(allyloxy)-1,3,5-triazine) (CAS No. 101–37–1) (provided for in subheading 2933.69.60) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 559. UNICONAZOLE-P. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.66 (4Z)-5-(4-Chlorophenyl)-2,2-dimethyl-4- (1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)-4-hexen-3-ol (Uniconazole-P) (CAS No. 83657–17–4) (provided for in subheading 2933.69.60) ............................................................................ ......... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 560. SPIROTETRAMAT. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.67 (5s,8s)-3-(2,5-Dimethylphenyl)-8-methoxy-2-oxo-1-azaspiro[4.5]dec-3-en-4-yl ethyl carbonate (Spirotetramat) (CAS No. 203313–25–1) (provided for in subheading 2933.79.08) .................................................................. .. 3.2% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 561. DORAVIRINE (MK-1439). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.68 3-Chloro-5-({1-[(4-methyl-5-oxo-4,5-dihydro-1H-1,2,4-triazol-3-yl)methyl]-2-oxo-4-(trifluoromethyl)-1,2- dihydro-3-pyridinylγoxy)benzonitrile (Doravirine INN) (CAS No. 1338225–97–0) (provided for in subheading 2933.79.08) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 562. GRILBOND IL-6. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.69 N,N’-(Methylenedi-p-phenylene)bis[hexahydro-2-oxo-1H-azepine-1-carboxamide] (CAS No. 54112–23–1) (pro-vided for in subheading 2933.79.15) ............................................................................................ ....................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 563. MYCLOBUTANIL TECHNICAL FUN-GICIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.70 2-(4-Chlorophenyl)-2-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-ylmethyl)hexanenitrile (myclobutanil) (CAS No. 88671–89–0) (pro-vided for in subheading 2933.99.06) ............................................................................................ ....................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 564. FENBUCONAZOLE FUNGICIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.71 4-(4-Chlorophenyl)-2-phenyl-2-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-ylmethyl)butanenitrile (Fenbuconazole) (CAS No. 114369– 43–6) (provided for in subheading 2933.99.06) .................................................................................. ................ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H245 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 565. FENAZAQUIN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.72 4-{2-[4-(2-Methyl-2-propanyl)phenyl]ethoxy γquinazoline (Fenazaquin) (CAS No. 120928–09–8) (provided for in subheading 2933.99.17) ...................................................................................................... ............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 566. TECHNICAL CYCLANILIPROLE INSECTI-CIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.73 3-Bromo-N-[2-bromo-4-chloro-6-[[(1-cyclopropylethyl)amino]carbonyl]phenyl]-1-(3-chloro-2-pyridinyl)-1H-pyr-azole-5-carboxamide (Cyclaniliprole) (CAS No. 1031756–98–5) (provided for in subheading 2933.99.17) ...... Free No change No chan ge On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 567. PYRIDABEN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.74 2-tert-Butyl-5-(4-tert-butylbenzylthio)-4- chloropyridazin-3(2H)-one (Pyridaben) (CAS No. 96489–71–3) (pro-vided for in subheading 2933.99.22) ............................................................................................ ....................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 568. TRIADIMEFON. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.75 1-(4-Chlorophenoxy)-3,3-dimethyl-1-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)-2-butanone (Triadimefon) (CAS No. 43121–43–3) (provided for in subheading 2933.99.22) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 569. PYRAZIFLUMID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.76 N-(3′,4′-Difluorobiphenyl-2-yl)-3-(trifluoromethyl)pyrazine-2-carboxamide (Pyraziflumid) (CAS No. 942515– 63–1) (provided for in subheading 2933.99.22) .................................................................................. ................ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 570. CYPROCONAZOLE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.77 [α-(4-Chlorophenyl)-α-(1-cyclopropylethyl)-1H-1-1,2,4-triazole-1-ethanol (Cyproconazole) (CAS No. 94361– 06–5) (provided for in subheading 2933.99.22) .................................................................................. ................ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 571. TEBUCONAZOLE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.78 (RS)-1-p-Chlorophenyl-4,4-dimethyl-3-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-ylmethyl)pentan-3-ol (Tebuconazole) (CAS No. 107534–96–3) (provided for in subheading 2933.99.22) ........................................................................... ........ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 572. HETERO W/NITOR: PESTICIDES: OTHER (TRITICONAZOLE). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.79 E-5-(4-Chlorobenzylidene)-2,2-dimethyl-1-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-ylmethyl)cyclopentanol (Triticonazole) (CAS No. 131983–72–7) (provided for in subheading 2933.99.22) ........................................................................... ........ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 573. METCONAZOLE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.80 5-[(4-Chlorophenyl)methyl]-2,2-dimethyl-1-(1,2,4-triazol-1-ylmethyl)cyclopentan-1-ol (Metconazole) (CAS No. 125116–23–6) (provided for in subheading 2933.99.22) ........................................................................... ........ 1.6% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH246 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 574. PROTHIOCONAZOLE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.81 2-[(2RS)-2-(1-Chlorocyclopropyl)-3-(2-chlorophenyl)-2-hydroxypropyl]-2H-1,2,4-triazole-3(4H)-thione (Prothioconazole) (CAS No. 178928–70–6)(provided for in subheading 2933.99.22) ......................................... 5.3% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 575. PACLOBUTRAZOL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.82 (2RS,3RS)-1-(4-Chlorophenyl)-4,4-dimethyl-2-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)pentan-3-ol (Paclobutrazol) (CAS No. 76738–62–0) (provided for in subheading 2933.99.22) ............................................................................ ......... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 576. CARBENDAZIM. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.83 Methyl N-(1H-benzimidazol-2-yl)carbamate (Carbendazim) (CAS No. 10605–21–7) (provided for in sub-heading 2933.99.22) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 577. FLUTRIAFOL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.84 1-(2-Fluorophenyl)-1-(4-fluorophenyl)-2-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)ethanol (Flutriafol) (CAS No. 76674–21–0) (provided for in subheading 2933.99.22) ........................................................................................ ..................... 0.2% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 578. IPCONAZOLE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.85 (1R,2S,5R)-2-(4-Chlorobenzyl)-5-isopropyl-1-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-ylmethyl)cyclopentanol (Ipconazole) (CAS No. 125225–28–7) (provided for in subheading 2933.99.22) ........................................................................... ........ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 579. TETRACONAZOLE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.86 1-[2-(2,4-Dichlorophenyl)-3-(1,1,2,2-tetrafluoroethoxy)- propyl]-1H-1,2,4-triazole (Tetraconazole) (CAS No. 112281–77–3) (provided for in subheading 2933.99.22) ........................................................................... ........ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 580. CARFENTRAZONE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.87 Ethyl 2-chloro-3-{2-chloro-5-[4-(difluoromethyl)-3-methyl-5-oxo-4,5-dihydro-1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl]-4- fluorophenylγpropanoate (Carfentrazone-ethyl) (CAS No. 128639–02–1) (provided for in subheading 2933.99.22) and formulations thereof (provided for in subheading 3808.93.15) .............................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 581. ECONEA TECHNICAL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.88 4-Bromo-2-(4-chlorophenyl)-5-(trifluoromethyl)-1H-pyrrole-3-carbonitrile (Tralopyril) (CAS No. 122454–29–9) (provided for in subheading 2933.99.22). ....................................................................................... ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 582. UV ABSORBER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.89 2-(2H-Benzotriazol-2-yl)-4,6-di-tert-pentylphenol (CAS No. 25973–55–1) (provided for in subheading 2933.99.79) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H247 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 583. UV ABSORBER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.90 2-(2H-Benzotriazol-2-yl)-4,6-bis(1-methyl-1-phenylethyl)phenol (CAS No. 70321–86–7) (provided for in sub-heading 2933.99.79) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 584. DIANIL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.91 2,5-Dichloro-3,6-bis[(9-ethylcarbazol-3-yl)amino]cyclohexa-2,5-diene-1,4-dione (Dianil) (CAS No. 80546–37– 8) (provided for in subheading 2933.99.79) ..................................................................................... ................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 585. NORBLOC 7966. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.92 2-[3-(2H-Benzotriazol-2-yl)-4-hydroxyphenyl]ethyl methacrylate (CAS No. 96478–09–0) (provided for in sub-heading 2933.99.79) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 586. HYDRO. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.93 2-Phenylbenzimidazole-5-sulfonic acid (Ensulizole) (CAS No. 27503–81–7 ) (provided for in subheading 2933.99.79) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 587. AMINO ETHYL CARBAZOLE (AEC). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.94 9-Ethyl-9H-carbazol-3-amine (amino ethyl carbazole) (CAS No. 132–32–1) (provided for in subheading 2933.99.82) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 588. 1,3 DIAMINO ISOINDOLINE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.95 1H-Isoindole-1,3(2H)-diimine (1,3 diamino isoindoline) (CAS No. 3468–11–9) (provided for in subheading 2933.99.82) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 589. POLYAZIRIDINE (PZ-33). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.96 3-{[3-(1-Aziridinyl)propanoyl]oxy γ-2-({[3-(1-aziridinyl)propanoyl]oxyγmethyl)-2-(hydroxymethyl)propyl 3-(1- aziridinyl)propanoate (CAS No. 57116–45–7) (provided for in subheading 2933.99.97) ................................... Free No ch ange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 590. 1,2,4-TRIAZOLE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.97 1H-[1,2,4]Triazole (1,2,4-Triazole) (CAS No. 288–88–0) (provided for in subheading 2933.99.97) ................... 2.8% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 591. 3-AMINO-5-MERCAPTO-1,2,4-. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.98 5-Amino-1,2-dihydro-3H-1,2,4-triazole-3-thione (CAS No.16691–43–3) (provided for in subheading 2933.99.97) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 592. HEXYTHIAZOX. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH248 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.06.99 (4RS,5RS)-5-(4-chlorophenyl)-N-cyclohexyl-4-methyl-2-oxo-1,3-thiazolidine-3-carboxamide (Hexythiazox) (CAS No. 78587–05–0) (provided for in subheading 2934.10.10) ........................................................................ ....... 1.8% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 593. THIACLOPRID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.01 3-[(6-Chloro-3-pyridinyl)methyl]-1,3-thiazolidin-2-ylidenecyanamide (Thiacloprid) (CAS No. 111988–49–9) (provided for in subheading 2934.10.10) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 594. RUZASVIR (MK-8408). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.02 Methyl {(2S)-1-[(2S)-2-{5-[(6S)-6-(2-cyclopropyl-1,3-thiazol-5-yl)-1-fluoro-3-{2-[(2S)-1-{(2S)-2-[(methoxycar-bonyl)amino]-3-methylbutanoylγ-2-pyrrolidinyl]-1H-imidazol-5-ylγindolo[1,2-c][1,3]benzoxazin-10-yl]-1H- imidazol-2-ylγ-1-pyrrolidinyl]-3-methyl-1-oxo-2-butanyl γcarbamate (Ruzasvir) (CAS No. 1613081–64–3) (provided for in subheading 2934.10.10) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 595. ISAVUCONAZONIUM SULFATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.03 (2-{[(1-{1- [(2R,3R)-3-[4-(4- Cyanophenyl)-1,3-thiazol-2-yl] -2-(2,5-difluorophenyl)-2-hydroxybutyl] -1H- 1,2,4-triazol-4-ium-4- ylγethoxy) carbonyl] (methyl)aminoγ-3-pyridinyl)methyl N- methylglycinate hydrogen sulfate (Isavuconazonium Sulfate) (CAS No. 946075–13–4) (provided for in subnheading 2934.10.10) ......... Free No change No chan ge On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 596. 2-(1,3-THIAZOL-5-YL)-2H-3,1- BENZOXAZINE DERIVATIVE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.04 4-[(2-bromo-5-chlorophenyl)methyl]-7-chloro-2-(2-cyclopropyl-1,3-thiazol-5-yl)-5-fluoro-2H-3,1-benzoxazine (CAS No. 1855942–64–1) (provided for in subheading 2934.10.10) ................................................................. . Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 597. 3,6-DIMETHYL-6H-BENZO-OXAZINO[3,4- A]INDOLE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.05 6-(2-Cyclopropylthiazol-5-yl)-1-fluoro-3,10-bis(4,4,5,5-tetramethyl-1,3,2-dioxaborolan-2-yl)-6H- benzo[5,6][1,3]oxazino[3,4-a]indole (CAS No. 1620545–76–7) (provided for in subheading 2934.10.10) ........ Free No change No cha nge On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 598. CLOTHIANIDIN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.06 (E)-1-(2-Chloro-1,3-thiazol-5-ylmethyl)-3-methyl-2-nitroguanidine (Clothianidin) (CAS No. 210880–92–5) (provided for in subheading 2934.10.90) ........................................................................................ ..................... 6.1% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 599. THIAMETHOXAM. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.07 Thiamethoxam (3-(2-chloro-5-thiazolylmethyl)tetrahydro-5-methyl-N-nitro-1,3,5-oxadiazin-4-imine) (CAS No. 153719–23–4) (provided for in subheading 2934.10.90) ........................................................................... ........ 2.5% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 600. ETHABOXAM. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.08 N-[Cyano(2-thienyl)methyl]-4-ethyl-2-(ethylamino)-1,3-thiazole-5-carboxamide (Ethaboxam) (CAS No. 162650–77–3) (provided for in subheading 2934.10.90) ........................................................................... ........ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H249 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 601. VULKACIT MERKAPTO/MG-C. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.09 2-Mercaptobenzothiazole (benzothiazole-2-thiol) (CAS No. 149–30–4) (provided for in subheading 2934.20.15) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 602. 2BBA. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.10 2-(1,3-Benzothiazol-2-ylsulfanyl)succinic acid (CAS No. 95154–01–1) (provided for in subheading 2934.20.40) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 603. 2-AMINO 4-METHYL BENZOTHIAZOLE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.11 4-Methylbenzothiazol-2-ylamine (CAS No. 1477–42–5) (provided for in subheading 2934.20.80) .................... Fre e No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 604. VULKACIT ZM-W. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.12 Zinc bis(1,3-benzothiazole-2-thiolate) (CAS No. 155–04–4) (provided for in subheading 2934.20.80) ............ Free  No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 605. OXADIAZON. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.13 3-[2,4-Dichloro-5-(1-methylethoxy)phenyl]-5-(1,1-dimethylethyl)-1,3,4-oxadiazol-2(3H)-one (Oxadiazon) (CAS No. 19666–30–9) (provided for in subheading 2934.99.11) ........................................................................ ....... 1.3% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 606. DIFENOCONAZOLE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.14 1-({2-[2-Chloro-4-(4-chlorophenoxy)phenyl]-4-methyl-1,3-dioxolan-2-yl γmethyl)-1H-1,2,4-triazole (Difenoconazole) (CAS No. 119446–68–3) (provided for in subheading 2934.99.12) ........................................ 4.6% No c hange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 607. FLUDIOXINIL TECHNICAL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.15 4-(2,2-Difluoro-1,3-benzodioxol-4-yl)-1H-pyrrole-3-carbonitrile (Fludioxonil (ISO)) (CAS No. 131341–86–1) (provided for in subheading 2934.99.12) ........................................................................................ ..................... 5.0% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 608. PROPICONAZOLE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.16 1-[[2-(2,4-Dichlorophenyl)-4-propyl-1,3-dioxolan-2-yl]- methyl]-1H-1,2,4-triazole (Propiconazole) (CAS No. 60207–90–1) (provided for in subheading 2934.99.12) ............................................................................ ......... 4.4% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 609. CARBOXIN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.17 2-Methyl-N-phenyl-5,6-dihydro-1,4-oxathiine-3-carboxamide (Carboxin) (CAS No. 5234–68–4) (provided for in subheading 2934.99.12) ...................................................................................................... ............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 610. 1,2-BENZISOTHIAZOLIN-3(2H)-ONE,2- BUTYL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH250 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.07.18 2-Butyl-1,2-benzothiazol-3(2H)-one (CAS No. 4299–07–4) (provided for in subheading 2934.99.12) .............. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 611. 4-[3-(4-CHLOROPHENYL)-3-(3,4- DIMETHOXYPH). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.19 (2E)-3-(4-Chlorophenyl)-3-(3,4-dimethoxyphenyl)-1-(4-morpholinyl)-2-propen-1-one (CAS No. 110488–70–5) (provided for in subheading 2934.99.12) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 612. OXATHIAPIPROLIN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.20 1-(4-{4-[5-(2,6-Difluorophenyl)-4,5-dihydro-1,2-oxazol-3-yl]-1,3-thiazol-2-yl γ-1-piperidinyl)-2-[5-methyl-3- (trifluoromethyl)-1H-pyrazol-1-yl]ethanone (Oxathiapiprolin) (CAS No. 1003318–67–9) (provided for in sub-heading 2934.99.12) ............................................................................................................ ................................. 3.5% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 613. FLUOXASTROBIN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.21 (E)-{2-[6-(2-Chlorophenoxy)-5-fluoropyrimidin-4-yloxy]phenyl γ(5,6-dihydro-1,4,2-dioxazin-3-yl)-N- methoxymethanimine (Fluoxastrobin) (CAS No. 361377–29–9) (provided for in subheading 2934.99.12) ........ Free No change No chang e On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 614. ISOXAFLUTOLE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.22 (5-Cyclopropyl-1,2-oxazol-4-yl)( α,α,α-trifluoro-2-mesyl-p-tolyl)methanone (Isoxaflutole) (CAS No. 141112– 29–0) (provided for in subheading 2934.99.15) .................................................................................. ................ 5.5% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 615. BENTAZON. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.23 3-Isopropyl-1H-2,1,3-benzothiadiazin-4(3H)-one- 2,2-dioxide, sodium salt (Bentazon, sodium salt) (CAS No. 50723–80–3) (provided for in subheading 2934.99.15) ............................................................................ ......... 4.4% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 616. THIDIAZURON. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.24 1-Phenyl-3-(1,2,3-thiadiazol-5-yl)urea (Thidiazuron) (CAS No. 51707–55–2) (provided for in subheading 2934.99.15) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 617. HETEROCYCLIC:OTHER: HERBICIDES: TOPRAMEZONE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.25 [3-(4,5-Dihydro-1,2-oxazol-3-yl)-4-mesyl-o-tolyl](5-hydroxy-1-methylpyrazol-4-yl)methanone (Topramezone) (CAS No. 210631–68–8) (provided for in subheading 2934.99.15) .................................................................. .. 4.1% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 618. PINOXADEN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.26 8-(2,6-Diethyl-4-methylphenyl)-1,2,4,5-tetrahydro-7-oxo-7H-pyrazolo[1,2-d][1,4,5]oxadiazepin-9-yl-2,2- dimethylpropanoate (Pinoxaden) (CAS No. 243973–20–8) (provided for in subheading 2934.99.15) ............... 5.4% No change No ch ange On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 619. ISOXABEN TECHNICAL HERBICIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H251 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.07.27 2,6-Dimethoxy-N-[3-(3-methyl-3-pentanyl)-1,2-oxazol-5-yl]benzamide (isoxaben) (CAS No. 82558–50–7) (provided for in subheading 2934.99.15) ........................................................................................ ..................... 3.1% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 620. CLOMAZONE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.28 2-(2-Chlorobenzyl)-4,4-dimethyl-1,2-oxazolidin-3-one (Clomazone) (CAS No. 81777–89–1) (provided for in subheading 2934.99.15) and any formulations containing such compound (provided for in subheading 3808.93.15) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 621. FLUTHIACETMETHYL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.29 Methyl[[2-chloro-4-fluoro-5[ (tetrahydro-3-oxo-1H, 3H-[1,3,4] thiadiazolo[3,4-a] pyridazin-1- ylidene)amino]phenyl]thio] acetate (Fluthiacet-methyl technical)(CAS No. 117337–19–6) (provided for in subheading 2934.99.15) ......................................................................................................... .............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 622. FLUMIOXAZIN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.30 2-[7-Fluoro-3-oxo-4-(2-propyn-1-yl)-3,4-dihydro-2H-1,4-benzoxazin-6-yl]-4,5,6,7-tetrahydro-1H-isoindole- 1,3(2H)-dione (Flumioxazin) (CAS No. 103361–09–7) (provided for in subheading 2934.99.15) ...................... 6.1% No change N o change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 623. BUPROFEZIN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.31 (2Z)-3-Isopropyl-2-[(2-methyl-2-propanyl)imino]-5-phenyl-1,3,5-thiadiazinan-4-one (Buprofezin) (CAS No. 69327–76–0 or 953030–84–7) (provided for in subheading 2934.99.16) ......................................................... 1.4%  No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 624. FLUPYRADIFURONE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.32 4-{[(6-Chloro-3-pyridinyl)methyl](2,2-difluoroethyl)amino γ-2(5H)-furanone (Flupyradifurone) (CAS No. 951659–40–8) (provided for in subheading 2934.99.16) ........................................................................... ........ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 625. FLURALANER (AH252723). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.33 4-[5-(3,5-Dichlorophenyl)-5-(trifluoromethyl)-4,5-dihydro-1,2-oxazol-3-yl]-2-methyl-N-{2-oxo-2-[(2,2,2- trifluoroethyl)amino]ethylγbenzamide (Fluralaner) (CAS No. 864731–61–3) (provided in subheading 2934.99.16) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 626. OBPA. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.34 10,10’-Oxybis(10H-phenoxarsinine) (CAS No. 58–36–6) (provided for in subheading 2934.99.18) ................... Fre e No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 627. ETOXAZOLE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.35 2-(2,6-Difluorophenyl)-4-[2-ethoxy-4-(2-methyl-2-propanyl)phenyl]-4,5-dihydro-1,3-oxazole (Etoxazole) (CAS No. 153233–91–1) (provided for in subheadling 2934.99.18) ...................................................................... ...... 4.5% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 628. AGRICULTURAL CHEMICAL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH252 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.07.36 3-Phenyl-5-(2-thienyl)-1,2,4-oxadiazole (Tioxazafen) (CAS No. 330459–31–9) (provided for in subheading 2934.99.18) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 629. CRISABOROLE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.37 4-[(1-Hydroxy-1,3-dihydro-2,1-benzoxaborol-5-yl)oxy]benzonitrile (Crisaborole) (CAS No. 906673–24–3) (pro-vided for in subheading 2934.99.30) ............................................................................................ ....................... 6.3% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 630. SAROLANER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.38 1-{5′-[(5S)-5-(3,5-Dichloro-4-fluorophenyl)-4,5-dihydro-5-(trifluoromethyl)-1,2-oxazol-3-yl]-1H,3 ′H- spiro[azetidine-3,1′-[2]benzofuran]-1-ylγ-2-mesylethanone (Sarolaner) (CAS No. 1398609–39–6) (provided for in subheading 2934.99.30) .................................................................................................. ........................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 631. ELBASVIR (MK-8742). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.39 Methyl {(2S)-1-[(2S)-2-{4-[(6S)-3-{2-[(2S)-1-{(2S)-2-[(methoxycarbonyl)amino]-3-methylbutanoyl γ-2- pyrrolidinyl]-1H-imidazol-4-ylγ-6-phenylindolo[1,2-c][1,3]benzoxazin-10-yl]-1H-imidazol-2-yl γ-1-pyrrol idinyl]- 3-methyl-1-oxo-2-butanylγcarbamate (Elbasvir) (CAS No. 1370468–36–2) (provided for in subheading 2934.99.30) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 632. UPRIFOSBUVIR (MK-3682). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.40 Propan-2-yl (2R)-2-{((R)- ({(2R,3R,4R,5R)-4-chloro-5-(2,4-dioxo-3, 4-dihydropyrimidin-1(2H)-yl)-3-hydroxy-4- methyloxolan-2-ylγ methoxy)(phenoxy)phosphoryl) aminoγpropanoate (Uprifosbuvir) (CAS No.1496551–77–9) (provided for in subheading 2934.99.30 or 2934.99.39) .......................................................................... ........... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 633. SUVOREXANT (MK-4305). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.41 [(7R)-4-(5-Chloro-1,3-benzoxazol-2-yl)-7-methyl-1,4-diazepan-1-yl][5-methyl-2-(2H-1,2,3-triazol-2- yl)phenyl]methanone (Suvorexant) (CAS No. 1030377–33–3) (provided for in subheading 2934.99.30) .......... Free No change No chan ge On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 634. ERTUGLIFLOZIN L-PYROGLUTAMIC ACID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.42 (2S)-5-Oxopyrrolidine-2-carboxylic acid-(1S,2S,3S,4R,5S)-5-[4-chloro-3-(4-ethoxybenzyl)phenyl]-1- (hydroxymethyl)-6,8-dioxabicyclo[3.2.1]octane-2,3,4-triol (1:1) (Ertugliflozin L-pyroglutamic acid) (CAS No. 1210344–83–4) (provided for in subheading 2934.99.30) .......................................................................... ....... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 635. ISOXADIFEN-ETHYL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.43 Ethyl 5,5-diphenyl-4H-1,2-oxazole-3-carboxylate (Isoxadifen-ethyl) (CAS No. 163520–33–0) (provided for in subheading 2934.99.39) ......................................................................................................... .............................. 4.0% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 636. NA-11. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.44 Sodium 2-2’-methylene bis-(4,6-di-tert-butyl phenyl)phosphate (CAS No. 85209–91–2) (provided for in sub-heading 2934.99.39) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H253 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 637. UV ABSORBER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.45 2,2-(1,4-Phenylene)bis((4H-3,1-benzoxazine-4-one) (CAS No. 18600–59–4) (provided for in subheading 2934.99.39) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 638. 2H-3,1-BENZOXAZINE-2,4(1H)-DIONE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.46 2H-3,1-Benzoxazine-2,4(1H)-dione (CAS No. 118–48–9) (provided for in subheading 2934.99.44) .................. Free  No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 639. PENTHIOPYRAD. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.47 (RS)-N-[2-(1,3-Dimethylbutyl)-3-thienyl]-1-methyl-3-(trifluoromethyl)pyrazole-4-carboxamide (Penthiopyrad) (CAS No. 183675–82–3) (provided for in subheading 2934.99.90) .................................................................. .. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 640. 2-AMINO-3-CYANO THIOPHENE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.48 2-Amino-3-cyanothiophene (CAS No. 4651–82–5) (provided for in subheading 2934.99.90) ............................ F ree No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 641. TEBUTHIURON TECHNICAL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.49 1,3-Dimethyl-1-[5-(2-methyl-2-propanyl)-1,3,4-thiadiazol-2-yl]urea (Tebuthiuron) (CAS No. 34014–18–1) (provided for in subheading 2934.99.90) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 642. NEM SALT. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.50 4-(4-Methylphenyl)-4-oxobutanoic acid - 4-ethylmorpholine (2:1) (CAS No. 171054–89–0) (provided for in subheading 2934.99.90) ......................................................................................................... .............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 643. 3MTMFLUORINERTTMAND PERFORM-ANCE FLUID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.51 C
1-C3Perfluoroalkyl perfluoromorpholine (CAS No. 382–28–5) (provided for in subheading 2934.99.90) ....... Free No change No change On  or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 644. ETRIDIAZOLE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.52 5-Ethoxy-3-(trichloromethyl)-1,2,4-thiadiazole (Etridiazole) (CAS No. 2593–15–9) (provided for in sub-heading 2934.99.90) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 645. PYROXASULFONE TECHNICAL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.53 3-({[5-(Difluoromethoxy)-1-methyl-3-(trifluoromethyl)-1H-pyrazol-4-yl]methyl γsulfonyl)-5,5-dimethyl-4,5- dihydro-1,2-oxazole (Pyroxasulfone) (CAS No. 447399–55–5) (provided for in subheading 2934.99.90) .......... 3.5% No change No ch ange On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 646. ISATOIC ANHYDRIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH254 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.07.54 2H-3,1-Benzoxazine-2,4(1H)-dione (Isatoic anhydride) (CAS No. 118–48–9) (provided for in subheading 2934.99.90) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 647. GRAZOPREVIR (MK-5172). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.55 (1R,18R,20R,24S,27S)-N-{(1R,2S)-1-[(cyclopropylsulfonyl)carbamoyl]-2-vinylcyclopropyl γ-7-methoxy-24-(2- methyl-2-propanyl)-22,25-dioxo-2,21-dioxa-4,11,23,26-tetraazapentacyclo [24.2.1.
03,12 .05,10 .018,20 ] nonacosa-3,5,7,9,11-pentaene-27-carboxamide (Grazoprevir) (CAS No. 1350514–68–9) (provided in sub-heading 2935.90.48) ............................................................................................................ ................................. 4.1% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 648. CYPROSULFAMIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.56 N-{[4-(Cyclopropylcarbamoyl)phenyl]sulfonyl γ-2-methoxybenzamide (Cyprosulfamide) (CAS No. 221667–31–8) (provided for in subheading 2935.90.75) ........................................................................................ ..................... 5.0% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 649. TRIASULFURON. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.57 2-(2-Chloroethoxy)-N-[(4-methoxy-6-methyl-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl) carbamoyl] benzenesulfonamide (Triasulfuron) (CAS No. 82097–50–5) (provided for in subheading 2935.90.75) ................................................................... ... 0.4% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 650. TRIFLOXYSULFURON. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.58 Sodium 4,6-dimethoxy-2-[({[3-(2,2,2-trifluoroethoxy)pyridin-2-yl]sulfonyl γcarbamoyl)imino]-2H-pyrimidin-1-ide (Trifloxysulfuron-sodium) (CAS No. 199119–58–9) (provided for in subheading 2935.90.75) ........................... 4.6% No chang e No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 651. PARA-TOLUEN SULPHONYL HYDRAZIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.59 Toluene-4-sulfonohydrazide (CAS No. 1576–35–8) (provided for in subheading 2935.90.75) ........................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 652. SULFENTRAZONE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.60 N-{2,4-Dichloro-5- [4-(difluoromethyl)-3-methyl-5-oxo-4,5-dihydro-1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl] phenylγmethanesulfonamide (Sulfentrazone) (CAS No. 122836–35–5) (provided for in subheading 2935.90.75) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... 5.4% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 653. SULFOMETURON-METHYL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.61 Methyl 2-{[(4,6-dimethyl-2-pyrimidinyl) carbamoyl] sulfamoyl γbenzoate (Sulfometuron-methyl) (CAS No. 74222–97–2) (provided for in subheading 2935.90.75) ............................................................................ ......... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 654. BENSULFURON METHYL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.62 Methyl 2-[[[[[(4, 6-dimethoxypyrimidin-2-yl)amino] carbonyl]amino]sulfony] methyl] benzoate (Bensulfuron- methyl) (CAS No. 83055–99–6) (provided for in subheading 2935.90.75) ......................................................... Fr ee No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 655. TOSYL-4-CPP. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H255 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.07.63 4-Chloro-7-(4- methylphenylsulfonyl)-7H-pyrrolo [2, 3-d] pyrimidine (CAS No. 479633–63–1) (provided for in subheading 2935.90.75) ......................................................................................................... .............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 656. ASULAM. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.64 Sodium [(4-aminophenyl) sulfonyl](methoxycarbonyl)azanide (Asulam sodium salt) (CAS No. 2302–17–2) (provided for in subheading 2935.90.75) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 657. FLUCARBAZONE-SODIUM. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.65 Sodium [(3-methoxy-4-methyl-5-oxo-4, 5-dihydro-1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl) carbonyl]{[2- (trifluoromethoxy)phenyl]sulfonylγazanide (Flucarbazone-sodium) (CAS No. 181274–17–9) (provided for in subheading 2935.90.75) ......................................................................................................... .............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 658. PYROXSULAM HERBICIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.66 N-(5,7-dimethoxy [1,2,4]triazolo [1,5-a]pyrimidin-2-yl)-2-methoxy-4- (trifluoromethyl)-3-pyridinesulfonamide (Pyroxsulam) (CAS No. 422556–08–9) (provided for in subheading 2935.90.75) .............................................. Free No  change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 659. METHYL 2-(AMINOSULFONYL) BEN-ZOATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.67 Methyl 2- sulfamoylbenzoate (CAS No. 57683–71–3) (provided for in subheading 2935.90.75) ...................... Fre e No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 660. METHYL 3-SULFAMOYLTHIOPHENE-2- CARBOXYLATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.68 Methyl 3-sulfamoyl-2-thiophenecarboxylate (CAS No. 59337–93–8) (provided for in subheading 2935.90.75) Free No ch ange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 661. 3-(ETHYLSULFONYL)-2- PYRIDINESULFONAMIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.69 3-(Ethylsulfonyl)-2-pyridinesulfonamide (CAS No. 117671–01–9) (provided for in subheading 2935.90.75) ... Free No c hange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 662. CARBAMIC ACID, N-[[3-[(DIMETHYL...]-, PHENYL ESTER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.70 Phenyl ((3-((dimethylamino)carbonyl)-2-pyridinyl)sulfonyl) carbamate (CAS No. 112006–94–7) (provided for in subheading 2935.90.75) ...................................................................................................... ............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 663. IMAZOSULFURON. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.71 2-Chloro-N-[(4,6-dimethoxy-2-pyrimidinyl)carbamoyl]imidazo [1,2-a]pyridine-3-sulfonamide (Imazosulfuron) (CAS No. 122548–33–8) (provided for in subheading 2935.90.75) .................................................................. .. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 664. 5-FLUOROPICOLINAMIDE DERIVATIVE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH256 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.07.72 N-{3-[(2R)-2-amino-1-(methylsulfamoyl)propan-2-yl]-4-fluorophenyl γ-5-fluoropyridine-2-carboxamide (CAS No. 1877329–50–4) (Provided for in subheading 2935.90.75) ...................................................................... ..... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 665. ORYZALIN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.73 3,5-Dinitro-N’4,N’4-dipropylsulfanilamide (Oryzalin) (CAS No. 19044–88–3) (provided for in subheading 2935.90.95) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 666. STEVIA REBIANA. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.74 13-[(2-O-β-D-Glucopyranosyl-α-D-glucopyranosyl)oxy]kaur-16-en-18-oic acid β-D-glucopyranosyl ester (Ste- vioside) (CAS No. 57817–89–7) (provided for in subheading 2938.90.00) ........................................................ Fr ee No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 667. PURIFIED STEVIOL GLYCOSIDE, REBAUDIOSIDE A. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.75 Purified steviol glycoside, rebaudioside A (19-O-+-glucopyranosyl-13-O-(+-glucopyranosyl(1-2)-+- glucopyranosyl(1-3))-+-glucopyranosyl-13-hydroxykaur-16-en-19-oic acid) (CAS No. 58543–16–1) (provided for in subheading 2938.90.00) .................................................................................................. ........................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 668. PURIFIED STEVIOL GLYCOSIDE, REBAUDIOSIDE M. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.76 (4-α)-13-[(O-β-D- Glucopyranosyl-(1-2)-O-[β-D-glucopyranosyl-(1-3)]-β-D-glucopyranosyl)oxy]-kaur-16-en- 18-oic acid O-β-D- glucopyranosyl-(1-2)-O-[β-D- glucopyranosyl-(1-3)]-β-D-glucopyranosyl ester (Rebaudioside M) (CAS No. 1220616–44–3) (provided for in subheading 2938.90.00) .................................... Free No chan ge No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 669. D-MANNOSE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.77 (3S,4S,5S,6R)-6-(Hydroxymethyl)oxane-2,3,4,5-tetrol (D-Mannose) (CAS No. 3458–28–4) (provided for in subheading 2940.00.60) ......................................................................................................... .............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 670. TREHALOSE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.78 Trehalose (α-D-Glucopyranosyl α-D-glucopyranoside dihydrate) (CAS No. 6138–23–4) (provided in sub- heading 2940.00.60) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 671. IRON SODIUM EDDHA. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.79 Iron sodium ethylenediaminedihydroxyphenylacetic acid (sodium [[ α,α’-(ethylenediimino)bis[2- hydroxybenzene-1-acetato]](4-)]ferrate(1-)) (CAS No. 16455–61–1) (provided for in subheading 2942.00.10) Free No change No chan ge On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 672. CHLOROPHYLLIN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.80 Chlorophyllin-copper complex (CAS No. 11006–34–1) (provided for in subheading 2942.00.50). ..................... Fr ee No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 673. BLACK CARROT COLOR CONCENTRATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H257 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.07.81 Black carrot color concentrate (provided for in subheading 3203.00.80) ........................................... ................ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 674. PURPLE SWEET POTATO COLOR CON-CENTRATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.82 Purple sweet potato color concentrate (provided for in subheading 3203.00.80) .................................... .......... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 675. RED CABBAGE COLOR CONCENTRATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.83 Red cabbage color concentrate (provided for in subheading 3203.00.80) ............................................ ............. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 676. RED RADISH COLOR CONCENTRATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.84 Red radish color concentrate (provided for in subheading 3203.00.80) ............................................. ................ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 677. DISPERSE BLUE 56. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.85 Disperse Blue 56 (1,5-Diamino-2-bromo-4,8-dihydroxy-9,10-anthraquinone) (CAS No. 68134–65–6) (provided for in 3204.11.10) ............................................................................................................. .................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 678. DISPERSE BLUE 284. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.86 Disperse Blue 284 (({4-[(E)-(3,5-Dinitro-2-thienyl)diazenyl] phenyl γimino)di-2,1-ethanediyl diacetate) (CAS No. 42783–06–2) (provided for in 3204.11.10) ................................................................................... ................ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 679. DISPERSE BLUE 73. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.87 1,5-Diamino-4,8-dihydroxy-2-(4-hydroxyphenyl)-9,10-anthraquinone (Disperse blue 73) (CAS No. 12222–78– 5) (provided for in subheading 3204.11.10) ..................................................................................... ................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 680. MIXTURE OF DISPERSE BLUE 60 M, DIS-PERSE BLUE 60 ME. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.88 Mixtures of 4,11-diamino-2-(3-methoxypropyl)-1H-Naphtho[2,3-f]isoindole- 1,3,5,10(2H)-tetrone (Disperse Blue 60 M) (CAS No. 12217–80–0) and 4,11-Diamino-2-[3-(2-methoxyethoxy)propyl]-1H-naphtho[2,3- f]isoindole-1,3,5,10(2H)-tetrone (Disperse Blue 60 ME) (CAS No. 65059–45–2) (provided for in subheading 3204.11.35) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 681. MIX OF DISPERSE BLUE 77, 56, 60M, 60ME, 77. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.89 Mixtures of 1-anilino-4,5-dihydroxy-8-nitro-9,10-anthraquinone (Disperse blue 77) (CAS No. 20241–76–3); 1,5-diamino-2-bromo-4,8-dihydroxy-9,10-anthraquinone (Disperse blue 56) (CAS No. 68134–65–6); 4,11- diamino-2-(3-methoxypropyl)-1H-naphtho[2,3-f]isoindole-1,3,5,10(2H)-tetrone (Disperse blue 60 M) (CAS No. 12217–80–0); and 4,11-diamino-2-[3-(2-methoxyethoxy)propyl]-1H-naphtho[2,3-f]isoindole-1,3,5,10(2H)- tetrone (Disperse blue 60 ME) (CAS No. 65059–45–2) (provided for in subheading 3204.11.35) .................... Free No change No  change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH258 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 682. MIXTURE OF DISPERSE YELLOW 64, 211, 42, AND 54. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.90 Mixtures of 2-(4-Bromo-3-hydroxy-2-quinolinyl)-1H-indene-1,3(2H)-dione (Disperse yellow 64) (CAS No. 10319–14–9); 5-[(E)-(4-Chloro-2-nitrophenyl)diazenyl]-1-ethyl-6-hydroxy-4-methyl-2-oxo-1,2-dihydro-3- pyridinecarbonitrile (Disperse yellow 211) (CAS No. 70528–90–4); 4-Anilino-3-nitro-N- phenylbenzenesulfonamide (Disperse yellow 42) (CAS No. 5124–25–4); and 2-(3-Hydroxy-2-quinolinyl)-1H- indene-1,3(2H)-dione (Disperse yellow 54) (CAS No. 7576–65–0) (provided for in 3204.11.35) ....................... Free No change  No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 683. DISPERSE YELLOW 218. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.91 Disperse Yellow 218 (CAS No. 75199–13–2) (provided for in subheading 3204.11.35) ................................. ... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 684. MIXTURE OF DISPERSE YELLOW 163, ETC.. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.92 Mixtures of Disperse Yellow 163 (3,3’-({4-[(2,6-Dichloro-4- nitrophenyl) diazenyl]phenyl γimino) dipropanenitrile) (CAS No. 67923–43–7); Solvent Yellow 163 (1,8-Bis(phenylthio)anthracene-9,10-dione) (CAS No. 13676–91–0); Disperse Blue 56 (1,5-Diamino-2-bromo-4,8-dihydroxy-9,10-anthraquinone) (CAS No. 68134–65–6); Disperse Blue 77 (1-Anilino-4,5-dihydroxy-8-nitro-9,10-anthraquinone) (CAS No. 20241– 76–3); Disperse Red 1042A (5-[2-(2-Cyano-4-nitrophenyl)diazenyl]-2-[[2-(2-hydroxyethoxy)ethyl]amino]-4- methyl-6-(phenylamino)-3-pyridinecarbonitrile) (CAS No. 149988–44–3); Disperse Red 1042B (5-[(2-cyano- 4-nitrophenyl)diazenyl]-6-[[2-(2-hydroxyethoxy)ethyl]amino]-4-methyl-2-(phenylamino)-3-pyridine carbonitrile) (CAS No. 137428–29–6); Disperse Blue 60 M (4,11-Diamino-2-(3-methoxypropyl)-1H-naphtho[2,3- f]isoindole-1,3,5,10(2H)-tetrone (CAS No. 12217-80-0); and Disperse Blue 60 ME (4,11-Diamino-2-[3-(2- methoxyethoxy)propyl]-1H-naphtho[2,3-f]isoindole-1,3,5,10(2H)-tetrone) (CAS No. 65059–45–2) (provided for in subheading 3204.11.35) ...................................................................................................... ............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 685. MIXTURE OF DISPERSE ORANGE T9601, ETC.. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.93 Mixtures of Disperse Orange 288 (3-(Benzyl {4- [(4-nitrophenyl) diazenyl] phenyl γamino)propanenitrile) (CAS No. 96662–24–7); Disperse Blue 291:1 N-{2-[(E)-(2-Bromo-4, 6-dinitrophenyl)diazenyl]-5-(diallylamino)-4- methoxyphenylγacetamide) (CAS No. 51868–46–3); and Disperse Violet 93:1 (N-{2-[(E)-(2-Bromo-4, 6- dinitrophenyl)diazenyl]-5-(diethylamino) phenyl γacetamide) (CAS No. 52697–38–8) (provided for in sub- heading 3204.11.35) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 686. MIXTURE OF SOLVENT YELLOW 163, ETC. (BLACK HLA-S). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.94 Mixtures of Solvent Yellow 163 (8-Bis(phenylsulfanyl)-9,10-anthraquinone) (CAS No. 13676–91–0); Disperse Blue 56 (1,5-Diamino-2-bromo-4,8-dihydroxy-9,10-anthraquinone) (CAS No. 68134–65–6); Disperse Red 167:1 ({3-(acetylamino)-4-[(2-chloro-4- nitrophenyl)azo] phenyl γimino)diethane-2, 1-diyl diacetate) (CAS No. 1533-78-4); Disperse Orange 29 (4-({2-Methoxy-4-[(4-nitrophenyl) diazenyl] phenyl γdiazenyl)phenol) (CAS No. 19800–42–1); Disperse Red 1042A (5-[2-(2-Cyano-4-nitrophenyl) diazenyl]-2-[[2-(2- hydroxyethoxy)ethyl] amino] -4-methyl-6-(phenylamino)-3-pyridinecarbonitrile) (CAS No. 149988–44–3); Disperse Red 1042B (5- [(2-cyano-4-nitrophenyl) diazenyl]-6-[[2-(2-hydroxyethoxy) ethyl]amino]-4-methyl-2-(phenylamino) -3-pyridine carbonitrile) (CAS No. 137428–29–6); Disperse Blue 60 M (4,11-diamino-2-(3-methoxypropyl)-1H-naphtho[2, 3-f]isoindole-1,3,5,10(2H)-tetrone) (CAS No. 12217–80–0); and Disperse Blue 60 ME (4, 11-Diamino-2-[3- (2-methoxyethoxy)propyl]-1H-naphtho [2, 3-f]isoindole-1, 3,5,10(2H)-tetrone) (CAS No. 65059–45–2) (pro-vided for in subheading 3204.11.35) ............................................................................................ ....................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 687. MIX OF DISPERSE BLUE ANT (BR), ETC (DX BLK XF-2). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H259 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.07.95 Mixtures of Disperse Blue ANT (Br) (N-[5-(acetylamino)-4-[2-(2-bromo-4, 6- dinitrophenyl)diazenyl]-2- methoxyphenyl]-N-(2-methoxy-2-oxoethyl)-glycine, methyl ester) (CAS No. 88938-51-6); Disperse Green GNA (N-[5-(acetylamino)-2-methoxy-4-[2-(5-nitro-2, 1-benzisothiazol-3-yl) diazenyl]phenyl]-N-(2-methoxy-2- oxoethyl)-glycine, methyl ester) (CAS No. 1235882–84–4); Disperse Yellow FC60954 (4-[2-(5-cyano-1, 6- dihydro-2-hydroxy-1,4-dimethyl-6-oxo-3-pyridinyl)diazenyl]-benzoic acid, 2-phenoxyethyl ester) (CAS No. 88938–37–8); Disperse Red DYNS 2246 (N-[4-[2-(2-cyano-4-nitrophenyl)diazenyl]phenyl]-N-(phenylmethyl)- B-alanine, 2-oxopropyl ester) (CAS No. 1021394–33–1); and Disperse Yellow DYLA 1306 (1,2-dihydro-6-hy-droxy-1, 4-dimethyl-5-[2-[2-nitro-4-(phenylmethoxy)phenyl]diazenyl]-2-oxo-3-pyridinecarbonitrile) (CAS No. 1613451–37–8) (provided for in 3204.11.35) ..................................................................................... ................ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 688. MIXTURE OF DISPERSE BLUE 77 AND DISPERSE BLUE 60 M. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.96 Mixtures of Disperse Blue 77 (1-Anilino-4,5-dihydroxy-8-nitro-9,10-anthraquinone) (CAS No. 20241-76-3) and Disperse Blue 60 M (4,11-Diamino-2-(3-methoxypropyl)-1H-naphtho[2,3-f]isoindole-1,3,5,10(2H)-tetrone) (CAS No. 12217–80–0) (provided for in subheading 3204.11.35) ................................................................... ... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 689. DISPERSE YELLOW 184:1. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.97 Disperse Yellow 232 (3-(5-Chloro-2-benzoxazolyl)-7-(diethylamino)-2H-1-benzopyran-2-one) (CAS No. 35773– 43–4) (provided for in subheading 3204.11.35) .................................................................................. ................ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 690. MIX OF DISPERSE BLUE ANT (BR), ETC. (DX NAVY XF-2). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.98 Mixtures of Disperse Blue ANT (Br) (N-[5-(acetylamino)-4-[2-(2-bromo-4,6-dinitrophenyl)diazenyl]-2- methoxyphenyl]-N-(2-methoxy-2-oxoethyl)-glycine, methyl ester) (CAS No. 88938–51–6); Disperse Green GNA (N-[5-(acetylamino)-2-methoxy-4-[2-(5-nitro-2,1-benzisothiazol-3-yl)diazenyl]phenyl]-N-(2-methoxy-2- oxoethyl)-glycine, methyl ester) (CAS No. 1235882–84–4); Disperse Yellow FC60954 (4-[2-(5-cyano-1,6- dihydro-2-hydroxy-1,4-dimethyl-6-oxo-3-pyridinyl)diazenyl]-benzoic acid, 2-phenoxyethyl ester) (CAS No. 88938–37–8); and Disperse Red DYNS 2246 (N-[4-[2-(2-cyano-4-nitrophenyl)diazenyl]phenyl]-N- (phenylmethyl)-B-alanine, 2-oxopropyl ester ) (CAS No. 1021394–33–1) (provided for in 3204.11.35) ............ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 691. DISPERSE ORANGE FC84508. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.99 Disperse Orange FC84508 (Cyano[3-[(6-methoxy-2-benzothiazolyl)amino]-1H-isoindol-1-ylidene]acetic acid, pentyl ester) (CAS No. 173285–74–0), (provided for in 3204.11.35) .............................................................. ... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 692. MIXT OF DISPERSE BLUE 60 M, ETC (DX TURQUOISE XF). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.01 Mixtures of Disperse Blue 60 M (4,11-Diamino-2-(3-methoxypropyl)-1H-naphtho[2,3-f]isoindole-1,3,5,10(2H)- tetrone) (CAS No. 12217–80–0); Disperse Blue 60 ME (4,11-Diamino-2-[3-(2-methoxyethoxy)propyl]-1H- naphtho[2,3-f]isoindole-1,3,5,10(2H)-tetrone) (CAS No. 65059–45–2); and Disperse Blue 1771 (8E)-8-{[2- (Dibutylamino)-4-phenyl-1,3-thiazol-5-yl]imino γ-2-(3-heptanyl)-7-methyl-5-oxo-5,8-dihydro[1,2,4]triazolo[1,5- a]pyridine-6-carbonitrile (CAS No. 169324–83–8) (provided for in 3204.11.35) ................................................ Fre e No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 693. DISPERSE YELLOW 71. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.02 Disperse Yellow 71 (9(or 10)-Methoxy-7H-benzimidazo[2,1-a]benz[de]isoquinolin-7-one) (CAS No. 68296–59– 3) (provided for in 3204.11.35) ................................................................................................ ............................ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 694. MIX OF DISP BLUE 77, ETC (DX BLACK AM-SLR CONC). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH260 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.08.03 Mixtures of Disperse Blue 77 (1-Anilino-4,5-dihydroxy-8-nitro-9,10-anthraquinone) (CAS No. 20241–76–3); Disperse Red 1042A (5-[2-(2-Cyano-4-nitrophenyl)diazenyl]-2-[[2-(2-hydroxyethoxy)ethyl]amino]-4-methyl-6- (phenylamino)-3-pyridinecarbonitrile) (CAS No. 149988–44–3); Disperse Red 1042B (5-[(2-cyano-4- nitrophenyl)diazenyl]-6-[[2-(2-hydroxyethoxy)ethyl]amino]-4-methyl-2-(phenylamino)-3-pyridine carbonitrile) (CAS No. 137428–29–6); and Disperse Orange FC84508 (Cyano[3-[(6-methoxy-2-benzothiazolyl)amino]-1H- isoindol-1-ylidene]acetic acid, pentyl ester) (CAS No. 173285–74–0) (provided for in 3204.11.35) ................. Free No change  No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 695. MIX OF DISPERSE YELLOW 163, ETC. (DX BLACK HLA-E). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.04 Mixtures of Disperse Yellow 163 (3, 3’-({4-[(2, 6-dichloro-4-nitrophenyl) diazenyl]phenyl γimino) dipropanenitrile) (CAS No. 67923–43–7); Disperse Red 167:1 ({3-(acetylamino)-4-[(2-chloro-4- nitrophenyl) azo]phenylγimino)diethane-2,1-diyl diacetate) (CAS No. 1533–78–4); Disperse red 60 (1-amino-4-hydroxy-2- phenoxy-9, 10-anthracenedione) (CAS No. 17418–58–5); Disperse Blue 77 (1-anilino-4, 5-dihydroxy-8-nitro- 9, 10-anthraquinone) (CAS No. 20241–76–3); Disperse Blue 56 (1,5-diamino-2-bromo-4, 8-dihydroxy-9,10- anthraquinone) (CAS No. 68134–65–6); Disperse Blue 214 E (4, 8-diamino-2-(4-ethoxyphenyl)-1, 5- dihydroxy-9,10-anthraquinone)(CAS No. 15114–15–5); and Disperse Blue 214 EE (4,8-diamino-2-[4-(2- ethoxyethoxy)phenyl]-1, 5-dihydroxy-9,10-anthraquinone) (CAS No. 23119–35–9) (provided for in subheading 3204.11.35) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 696. MIX OF DISPERSE RED 356, 367, & H111030. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.05 Mixtures of Disperse Red 356 (3-phenyl-7-(4-propoxyphenyl )furo[2,3-f][1]benzofuran-2, 6-dione) (CAS No. 79694–17–0); Disperse Red 367 ([4-(2,6-dihydro-2,6-dioxo-7-phenylbenzo [1,2-b:4,5-b’] difuran-3- yl)phenoxy]-acetic acid , 2-ethoxyethyl ester) (CAS No. 126877–05–2); and Disperse Red H1111030 ([4-[2, 6-dihydro-2,6-dioxo-7-(4-propoxyphenyl) benzo[1, 2-b:4,5-b’]difuran-3-yl]phenoxy]-acetic acid, 2- ethoxyethyl ester) (CAS No. 126877–06–3) (provided for in subheading 3204.11.35) ......................................................... Fr ee No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 697. MIX OF DISPERSE RED 1042A & DIS-PERSE RED 1042B. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.06 Mixtures of Disperse Red 1042A (5-[2-(2-cyano-4-nitrophenyl) diazenyl]-2-[[2-(2-hydroxyethoxy) ethyl]amino]-4-methyl-6-(phenylamino)-3-pyridine carbonitrile) (CAS No. 149988–44–3) and Disperse Red 1042B (5-[(2-cyano-4-nitrophenyl)diazenyl]-6- [[2-(2-hydroxyethoxy)ethyl]amino]-4-methyl-2- (phenylamino)- 3-pyridine carbonitrile) (CAS No. 137428–29–6)(provided for in subheading 3204.11.35) ............................... Free No cha nge No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 698. MIX OF DISP BLUE 77, 60 M, & DISP YEL-LOW 71. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.07 Mixtures of Disperse Blue 77 (1-Anilino-4, 5-dihydroxy-8-nitro-9, 10-anthraquinone) (CAS No. 20241–76–3); Disperse Blue 60 M (4,11-Diamino-2-(3-methoxypropyl)- 1H-naphtho[2,3-f] isoindole-1,3,5,10(2H)-tetrone) (CAS No. 12217–80–0); and Disperse Yellow 71 (9 (or 10)- Methoxy-7H- benzimidazo[2,1- a]benz[de]isoquinolin-7-one) (CAS No. 68296–59–3) (provided for in subheading 3204.11.35) ....................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 699. DISPERSE BLUE 60. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.08 Disperse Blue 60 (4, 11-diamino-2-(3- methoxypropyl)-1H-naphtho[2,3-f] isoindole-1,3,5,10(2H)-tetrone) (CAS No. 12217–80–0) (provided for in subheading 3204.11.50) ................................................................... ... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 700. DISPERSE BLUE 77. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.09 Disperse Blue 77 (1-anilino-4,5-dihydroxy-8-nitro-9,10-anthraquinone) (CAS No. 20241–76–3) (provided for in subheading 3204.11.50) ...................................................................................................... ............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H261 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 701. DISPERSE BLUE 79:1. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.10 Disperse blue 79:1 ({5-Acetamido-4-[(2-bromo-4,6-dinitrophenyl)diazenyl]-2-methoxyphenyl γimino)di-2,1- ethanediyl diacetate (CAS No. 3618–72–2) (provided for in subheading 3204.11.50) ...................................... Free No c hange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 702. DISPERSE RED E-FB. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.11 Disperse Red 60 (1-amino-4-hydroxy-2-phenoxy- 9,10-anthracenedione) (CAS No. 17418–58–5) (provided for in subheading 3204.11.50) ...................................................................................................... ............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 703. DISPERSE YELLOW 64. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.12 Disperse Yellow 64 (2-(4-bromo-3-hydroxy-2-quinolinyl)-1H-indene-1,3(2H)-dione) (CAS No. 10319–14–9) (provided for in 3204.11.50) ................................................................................................... .............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 704. MIX OF DISPERSE BLUE 73 A & DIS-PERSE BLUE 73 P. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.13 Mixtures of Disperse Blue 73 A (1,5-diamino-4,8-dihydroxy(4-methoxyphenyl)-9,10-anthracenedione) (CAS No. 31288–44–5) and Disperse Blue 73 P (1,5-diamino-4,8-dihydroxy(4-hydroxyphenyl)-9,10- anthracenedione) (CAS No. 31529–83–6) (provided for in subheading 3204.11.50) ......................................... Free No c hange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 705. ACID RED 92 (PHLOXINE DISODIUM SALT). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.14 Acid Red 92 (disodium 2,3,4,5-tetrachloro-6-(2,4,5,7-tetrabromo-6-oxido-3-oxo-3H-xanthen-9-yl)benzoate) (Phloxine B) (CAS No. 18472–87–2) (provided for in subheading 3204.12.20) ................................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 706. SOLVENT BLUE 182. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.15 Acid Blue 182 (Disodium 1-amino-9,10-dioxo-4-({4-[(2-oxopropyl)amino]-2-sulfonatophenyl γamino)-9,10- dihydro-2-anthracenesulfonate)) (CAS No. 72152–54–6) (provided for in subheading 3204.12.20) ................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 707. ACID BLACK 194. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.16 Acid Black 194 (CAS No. 61931–02–0) (provided for in subheading 3204.12.20) ...................................... ...... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 708. ACID RED 52. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.17 Acid Red 52 (sodium 4-[3,6-bis(diethylamino)-9-xantheniumyl]-1,3-benzenedisulfonate) (CAS No. 3520–42– 1) (provided for in subheading 3204.12.20) ..................................................................................... ................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 709. ACID DYE FOR PIGMENT RED 144. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.18 (4E)-4-[(2,5-Dichlorophenyl)hydrazono]-3-oxo-3,4-dihydro-2-naphthalenecarboxylic acid (Acid dye for Pigment Red 144) (CAS No. 51867–77–7) (provided for in subheading 3204.12.45) ...................................................... Free  No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH262 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 710. SANODAL DEEP BLACK HBL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.19 Tetrasodium [7-amino-3-[(3-chloro-2-hydroxy-5-nitrophenyl)azo]-4-hydroxy -2-naphthalenesulfonato(3-)][6- amino-4- hydroxy-3-[(2-hydroxy-5-nitro-3-sulfophenyl)azo]-2-naphthalenesulfonato(4-)]-chromate(4-) (Sanodal Deep Black HBL) (CAS No. 184719–87–7) (provided for in subheading 3204.12.45) ........................ Free No change No  change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 711. ACID RED 182. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.20 Acid Red 182 (sodium [4-(hydroxy- κO)-3- {[2-(hydroxy-κO)-1- naphthyl] diazenylγbenzenesulfonamidato(2-)] [4-hydroxy-3-{[2-(hydroxy-κO)-1-naphthyl] diazenylγbenzenesulfonamidato (2-)]cobaltate(1-)) (CAS No. 58302–43–5) (provided for in subheading 3204.12.45) ............................................................................ ......... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 712. ACID ORANGE 67. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.21 Sodium 4-({3-[(E)-(2-methyl-4-{[(4- methylphenyl)sulfonyl] oxy γphenyl)diazenyl] phenylγamino) -3- nitrobenzenesulfonate (Acid orange 67) (CAS No. 12220–06–3) (provided for in subheading 3204.12.45) ..... Free No change No chang e On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 713. ACID BLUE 324. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.22 Sodium 4-[(3-acetamidophenyl)amino]-1-amino-9,10-dioxo-9,10-dihydro-2-anthracenesulfonate (Acid blue 324) (CAS No. 70571–81–2) (provided for in subheading 3204.12.45) ............................................................. F ree No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 714. ACID BLUE 171. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.23 Acid Blue 171 (Sodium [6-(amino- κN)-5-[2-[2- (hydroxy-κO)-4-nitrophenyl] diazenyl-κN1]-N-methyl-2- naphthalenesulfonamidato (2-)] [6-(amino- κN)-5-[2-[2- (hydroxy-κO)-4-nitrophenyl] diazenyl-κN1]-2- naphthalenesulfonato (3-)]-Cobaltate(2-) (1:2) (1:2)) (CAS No. 75314–27–1)(provided for in subheading 3204.12.45) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 715. MIXTURE OF ACID BLACK 220A AND ACID BLACK 220 B. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.24 Mixtures of Acid Black 220 A (Chromate(2-), [3-hydroxy-4-[(2-hydroxy-1-naphthalenyl)azo]-7-nitro-1- naphthalenesulfonato(3-)][1-(2-hydroxy-5-nitrophenyl)azo]-2-naphthalenolato(2-)]-, lithium sodium) (CAS No. 85828–76–8), and Acid Black 220 B (Chromate(2-), [3-hydroxy-4-[(2-hydroxy-1-naphthalenyl)azo]-7-nitro-1- naphthalenesulfonato(3-)][N-[7-hydroxy-8-[(2-hydroxy-5-nitrophenyl)azo]-1-naphthalenyl]acetamidato(2-)]-, lithium sodium) (CAS No. 85828–75–7) (provided for in 3204.12.45) .............................................................. . Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 716. ACID RED 87 (EOSINE DISODIUM SALT). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.25 Acid Red 87 (eosine disodium salt) (disodium 2-(2,4,5,7-tetrabromo-6-oxido-3-oxoxanthen-9-yl)benzoate) (CAS No. 17372–87–1) (provided for in subheading 3204.12.50) ................................................................... ... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 717. ACID DYES; ACID BLUE 9. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.26 Acid Brilliant Blue FCF FOOD Blue No. 1 (Acid Blue 9) (disodium 2-({4-[ethyl(3- sulfonatobenzyl)amino]phenylγ{4-[ethyl(3-sulfonatobenzyl)iminio]cyclohexa-2,5-dien-1- ylideneγmethyl)benzenesulfonate) (CAS No. 3844–45–9) (provided for in subheading 3204.12.50) ................. Free No change No change O n or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H263 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 718. ACID BLUE 80. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.27 Acid Blue 80 (disodium 3,3’-[(9,10-dioxo-9,10-dihydroanthracene-1,4-diyl)diimino]bis(2,4,6- trimethylbenzenesulfonate) (CAS No. 4474–24–2) (provided for in subheading 3204.12.50) ............................ Free No chang e No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 719. ACID YELLOW 23. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.28 Trisodium 5-oxo-1-(4-sulfonatophenyl)-4-[(E)-(4-sulfonatophenyl)diazenyl]-2,5-dihydro-1H-pyrazole-3- carboxylate (Acid Yellow 23) (CAS No. 1934–21–0) (provided for in subheading 3204.12.50) ......................... Free No change  No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 720. BASIC YELLOW 40 DYE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.29 Basic Yellow 40 (2- [7-(diethylamino) -2-oxo-2H-chromen-3-yl] -1,3-dimethyl-1H-3 ,1-benzimidazol-3-ium chloride) (CAS No. 29556–33–0) (provided for in subheading 3204.13.10) ....................................................... Fr ee No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 721. METHYL VIOLET DYE LIQUID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.30 [4-[[4-(Dimethylamino)phenyl] [4-(methylamino)phenyl] methylene]cyclohexa-2, 5-dien-1-ylidene] dimethylammonium acetate (CAS No. 84434–47–9) (provided for in subheading 3204.13.60) ........................ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 722. BASIC RED 1:1. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.31 Basic Red 1:1 (3,6-bis(ethylamino)-9- [2-(methoxycarbonyl)phenyl]-2, 7-dimethylxanthenium chloride) (CAS No. 3068–39–1) (provided for in subheading 3204.13.80) ......................................................................... ........ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 723. BASIC GREEN 1. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.32 Basic Green 1 ((4-(4-(diethylamino) benzhydrylene)cyclohexa-2, 5-dien-1-ylidene) diethylammonium hydro-gen sulphate) (CAS No. 633–03–4) (provided for in subheading 3204.13.80) .................................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 724. RHODAMINE BLUE SHADE DYE LIQUID CAS 64381–99–3. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.33 9-(2-Carboxyphenyl)-6-(diethylamino) -N, N-diethyl-3H-xanthen-3-iminium acetate (Rhodamine Blue Shade dye liquid) (CAS No. 64381–99–3) (provided for in subheading 3204.13.80) ................................................... Free  No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 725. BASIC VIOLET 11:1 RHODAMINE DYE POWDER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.34 Basic Violet 11:1 (Bis{6-(diethylamino)-N, N-diethyl-9- [2-(methoxycarbonyl) phenyl] -3H-xanthen-3- iminiumγ tetrachlorozincate(2-)) (CAS No. 73398–89–7). (CIN 45174) (provided for in subheading 3204.13.80) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 726. DIRECT BLUE 71. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.35 Direct Blue 71 (tetrasodium 3- [(E)-{4-[(E)-{4- [(E)-(6-amino-1-hydroxy-3-sulfonato-2-naphthyl) diazenyl]-6- sulfonato-1-naphthylγdiazenyl]- 1-naphthylγdiazenyl]- 1,5- naphthalenedisulfonate) (CAS No. 4399–55–7) (provided for in subheading 3204.14.50) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH264 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 727. DIRECT BLUE 279. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.36 Direct Blue 279 (4-N-(5,8-dimethoxy-2,4-dimethylquinolin-6-yl)-1-N,1-N-diethylpentane-1,4-diamine) (CAS No. 72827–89–5) (provided for in subheading 3204.14.50) ........................................................................ ....... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 728. DIRECT VIOLET 51. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.37 Disodium 7-anilino-3-[(E)-{4-[(E)-(2,4-dimethyl-6-sulfonatophenyl)diazenyl]-2-methoxy-5- methylphenylγdiazenyl]-4-hydroxy-2-naphthalenesulfonate (direct violet 51) (CAS No. 5489–77–0) (provided for in subheading 3204.14.50) .................................................................................................. ........................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 729. DIRECT VIOLET 9 CRUDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.38 Disodium 7-anilino-4-hydroxy-3-({2-methoxy-5-methyl-4-[(4-sulfonatophenyl)diazenyl]phenyl γdiazenyl)-2- naphthalenesulfonate (Direct violet 9) (CAS No. 6227–14–1) (provided for in subheading 3204.14.50) ......... Free No change No ch ange On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 730. INDIGO, VAT BLUE 1. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.39 Vat blue 1 (synthetic indigo) (2-(1,3-dihydro-3-oxo-2H-indazol-2-ylidene)-1,2-dihydro-3H-indol-3-one) (CAS No. 482–89–3) (provided for in subheading 3204.15.10) .......................................................................... ......... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 731. PIGMENT ORANGE 43/VAT ORANGE 7. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.40 Pigment Orange 43/Vat Orange 7 (bisbenzimidazo [2,1- b:2’,1’-i]benzo[lmn] [3,8]phenanthroline- 8, 17- dione) (CAS No. 4424–06–0) (provided for in subheading 3204.15.20) ............................................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 732. VAT RED 15. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.41 Vat Red 15 (bisbenzimidazo[2, 1-b:1’,2’-j]benzo [lmn][3,8] phenanthroline-6,9-dione) (CAS No. 4216–02–8) (provided for in subheading 3204.15.30) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 733. VAT BLUE 66. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.42 Vat blue 66 (9,10-Anthracenedione, 1,1’-[(6-phenyl- 1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diyl)diimino]bis(3 ″-acetyl-4-amino-)) (CAS No. 32220–82–9) (provided for in subheading 3204.15.30) ................................................................... ... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 734. VAT BLUE 19. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.43 Vat Blue 19 (Anthra[9,1,2-cde]benzo[rst]pentaphene-5,10-dione, bromo derivatives) (CAS No. 1328–18–3) (provided for in subheading 3204.15.30) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 735. REDUCED VAT BLUE 43. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.44 Reduced Vat Blue 43 (CAS No. 85737–02–6) (provided for in subheading 3204.15.40) ................................. . Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H265 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 736. VAT BLUE 1, REDUCED. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.45 Reduced Vat Blue 1 ([2,2’-Bi-1H-indole]- 3,3’-diol, potassium sodium salt) (CAS No. 207692–02–2) (pro-vided for in subheading 3204.15.40) ............................................................................................ ....................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 737. ISOVIOLANTHRONE - VAT VIOLET 10. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.46 Isoviolanthrone (C.I. Vat Violet 10) (CAS No. 128–64–3) (provided for in subheading 3204.15.80) ................. F ree No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 738. VAT BLUE 4. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.47 Vat Blue 4 (6,15-dihydro-5,9, 14,18-anthrazinetetrone) (CAS No. 81–77–6) (provided for in subheading 3204.15.80) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 739. REACTIVE BLUE 19. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.48 Reactive Blue 19 (Disodium 1-amino-9, 10-dioxo-4- [(3-{[2-(sulfonatooxy)ethyl]sulfonyl γphenyl) amino]-9 ,10-dihydro-2-anthracenesulfonate) (CAS No. 2580–78–1) (provided for in subheading 3204.16.20) .............. Free No change No c hange On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 740. REACTIVE RED 195. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.49 Reactive Red 195 (Pentasodium 2-{(E)- [8-({4-chloro-6-[(3- {[2-(sulfonatooxy) ethyl]sulfonyl γphenyl) amino]- 1,3,5-triazin-2-ylγamino)-1-hydroxy-3 ,6-disulfonato-2-naphthyl] diazenyl γ-1,5- naphthalenedisulfonate) (CAS No. 93050–79–4) (provided for in subheading 3204.16.30) ................................................................... ... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 741. MIXTURE OF REACTIVE BLUE 19 AND REACTIVE BLUE 187. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.50 Mixtures of Reactive Blue 19 (1-Amino-9, 10-dihydro-9,10-dioxo-4- [[3-[[2-(sulfooxy)ethyl] sulfonyl]phenyl]amino]-2-anthracenesulfonic acid, sodium salt (1:2)) (CAS No. 2580–78–1); Reactive Blue 187 (1,1’-[(6,13-dichloro-4, 11-disulfo-3,10- triphenodioxazinediyl)bis[imino-2,1-ethanediylimino [6-[(2,5- disulfophenyl)amino]-1, 3,5-triazine-4,2-diyl]]]bis[3-carboxy-, bis(inner salt), hexasodium salt ) (CAS No. 79771–28–1) (provided for in subheading 3204.16.30). ........................................................................... ......... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 742. REACTIVE BLUE FC75311. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.51 Reactive Blue FC75311 (Sodium [2-[2-[[2-[3- [[4-fluoro-6-[phenyl[2-[[2-(sulfooxy)ethyl] sulfonyl]ethyl]amino]-1, 3,5-triazin-2-yl]amino]-2- (hydroxy-kO)-5-sulfophenyl] diazenyl-kN] phenylmethyl]diazenyl-kN]-4- sulfobenzoato(6-)-kO]-Cuprate(4-) (CAS No.156830–72–7) (provided for in subheading 3204.16.30) ......................................................................................................... .............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 743. REACTIVE YELLOW F00-0155. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.52 Reactive Yellow F00-0155 (1H-Xantheno[2,1,9-def] isoquinoline-5,9-disulfonic acid, 2,3-dihydro-1, 3-dioxo- 2- [3-[[2-(sulfooxy)ethyl]sulfonyl]phenyl]-, sodium salt (1:?:?)) (CAS No. 1309975–18–5) (provided for in 3204.16.30) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH266 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 744. MIXTURE OF REACTIVE RED 198 AND REACTIVE RED 239. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.53 Mixtures of Reactive Red 198 (5-[[4-Chloro-6-[(3- sulfophenyl)amino]-1, 3,5-triazin-2-yl] amino]-4-hydroxy- 3- [[4-[[2-(sulfoxy)ethyl] sulfonyl]phenyl]azo]-2,7- naphthalenedisulfonic acid, sodium salt (1:?)) (CAS No. 78952-61-1) and Reactive Red 239 (2-[2-[8-[[4- Chloro-6-[[4-[[2-(sulfooxy)ethyl] sulfonyl]phenyl]amino]-1, 3,5-triazin-2-yl]amino]-1-hydroxy-3, 6- disulfo-2- naphthalenyl]diazenyl]-1,5- naphthalenedisulfonic acid, sodium salt (1:5)) (CAS No. 89157–03–9) (as provided for in subheading 3204.16.30) .................................. Free No cha nge No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 745. REACTIVE BLUE 187. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.54 Reactive Blue 187 (1,1’-[(6,13-Dichloro-4,11-disulfo-3,10- triphenodioxazinediyl)bis[imino-2,1- ethanediylimino[6-[(2,5-disulfophenyl)amino]-1,3,5-triazine-4,2-diyl]]]bis[3- carboxylatopyridinium], dihydroxide, bis(inner salt), hexasodium salt) (CAS No. 79771–28–1) (provided for in subheading 3204.16.30) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 746. REACTIVE ORANGE 131. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.55 Reactive Orange 131 (2, 4-diamino-3-[4-(2-sulfoxyethylsulfonyl)- phenylazo] -5-[4-(2-sulfoxyethylsulfonyl) -2-sulfophenylazo]- benzenesulfonic acid, potassium sodium salt) (CAS No. 187026–95–5) (provided for in 3204.16.30) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 747. REACTIVE BLACK 5. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.56 Reactive Black 5 (tetrasodium 4-amino-5-hydroxy-3, 6-bis[(4-{[2-(sulfonatooxy) ethyl]sulfonyl γphenyl) diazenyl]-2, 7-naphthalenedisulfonate) (CAS No. 17095–24–8) (provided for in subheading 3204.16.50) ...... Free No change No chan ge On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 748. REACTIVE RED 180. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.57 Reactive Red 180 (CAS No. 72828–03–6) (provided for in subheading 3204.16.50) .................................... .... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 749. REACTIVE BLACK 005. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.58 Reactive Black 5 (CAS No. 17095–24–8) (provided for in subheading 3204.16.50) .................................... ..... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 750. COPPER PHTHALOCYANINE BLUE CRUDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.59 Copper phthalocyanine ((Phthalocyanato(2-))-copper), not ready for use as pigment (PCN Blue Crude) (CAS No. 147–14–8) (provided for in subheading 3204.17.20) .......................................................................... ......... 3.3% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 751. COPPER PHTHALOCYANINE MONOSULFONATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.60 Copper phthalocyanine monosulfonate (hydrogen [29H,31H-phthalocyaninesulphonato(3-)-N29,N30,N31, N32]cuprate(1-)), not ready for use as pigment (CAS No. 28901–96–4) (provided for in subheading 3204.17.60) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 752. G500 BLUE CRUDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H267 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.08.61 Copper chlorophthalocyanine (30 to 35 percent pure) not ready for use as pigment (CAS Nos. 16040–69–0 (65-70 percent by weight) and 12239–87–1 (30-35 percent by weight)) (provided for in subheading 3204.17.60) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 753. FASTOGEN BLUE KMB1. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.62 Mixture of nonchlorinated copper phthalocyanine blue crude not ready for use as pigment (CAS No. 147-14- 8) (30–40 percent by weight) and chlorinated copper phthalocyanine blue crude not ready for use as pig-ment (CAS No. 68987–63–3) (60–70 percent by weight) (provided for in subheading 3204.17.60) ................ Free No change No ch ange On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 754. COPPER PHTHALOCYANINE GREEN 7. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.63 [1,2,3,4,8 ,9,10,11,15,16, 17,18,22,23,25-Pentadecachloro-29,31- dihydro-5H,26H-phthalocyaninato(2-)- κ2N29, N31]copper (CAS No. 1328–53–6) (provided for in subheading 3204.17.90) ....................................... Free No chan ge No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 755. COPPERCHLORO PCN CRUDE FOR PIG-MENT MAKING. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.64 Copper chlorophthalocyanine, crude not ready for use as pigment (CAS No. 12239–87–1) (provided for in subheading 3204.17.90) ......................................................................................................... .............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 756. SOLVENT ORANGE 63. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.65 Solvent Orange 63 (14H-anthra[2,1,9-mna]thioxanthen-14-one) (CAS No. 16294–75–0) (CI No. 68550) (pro-vided for in subheading 3204.19.11) ............................................................................................ ....................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 757. SOLVENT YELLOW 160:1. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.66 Solvent Yellow 160:1 (CAS No. 35773–43–4) (provided for in subheading 3204.19.11) ................................ ... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 758. 4-[(E)-PHENYLDIAZENYL]ANILINE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.67 4-[(E)-Phenyldiazenyl] aniline (Solvent yellow 1) (CAS No. 60–09–3) (provided for in subheading 3204.19.11) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 759. SOLVENT RED 179. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.69 Solvent Red 179 (14H-benzo[4,5] isoquino[2,1-a] perimidin-14-one) (CAS No. 6829–22–7) (CI No. 564150) (provided for in subheading 3204.19.20) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 760. SOLVENT BLUE 104. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.70 Solvent Blue 104 (1,4-bis(mesitylamino)- 9,10-anthraquinone) (CAS No.116–75–6) (provided for in sub-heading 3204.19.20) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 761. SOLVENT VIOLET 13 (CI 60725). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH268 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.08.71 Solvent Violet 13 (1-hydroxy-4-(p-tolylamino) anthracene-9,10-dione) (CAS No. 81–48–1) (provided for in subheading 3204.19.20) ......................................................................................................... .............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 762. SOLVENT YELLOW 195. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.72 Solvent Yellow 195 (CAS No. 440645–24–9) (provided for in subheading 3204.19.20) ................................. ... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 763. SOLVENT YELLOW 163. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.73 Solvent Yellow 163 (1,8-Bis(phenylthio)anthracene-9,10-dione) (CAS No. 13676–91–0) (provided for in sub-heading 3204.19.20) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 764. SOLVENT RED 227. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.74 Solvent Red 227 (1-anilino-9,10-anthraquinone) (CAS No. 2944–28–7) (CI 60510) (provided for in sub-heading 3204.19.25) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 765. SOLVENT RED 169. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.75 Solvent Red 169 (1-(isopropylamino)-9,10-anthraquinone) (CAS No. 27354–18–3) (provided for in sub-heading 3204.19.25) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 766. SOLVENT YELLOW 114. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.76 Solvent Yellow 114 (2-(3-hydroxy-2-quinolyl)-1H-indene-1,3(2H)-dione) (CAS No. 7576–65–0) (provided for in subheading 3204.19.25) ...................................................................................................... ............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 767. SOLVENT ORANGE 60. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.77 Solvent Orange 60 (12H-isoindolo[2,1-a]perimidin-12-one) (CAS No. 6925–69–5) (provided for in sub-heading 3204.19.25) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 768. SOLVENT RED 135. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.78 Solvent red 135 (8,9,10,11-Tetrachloro-12H-isoindolo[2,1-a]perimidin-12-one) (CAS No. 20749–68–2) (pro-vided for in subheading 3204.19.25) ............................................................................................ ....................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 769. SOLVENT BLUE 35. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.79 Solvent Blue 35 (1,4-bis(butylamino)-9,10-anthraquinone) (CAS No. 17354–14–2) (CI No. 61554) (provided for in subheading 3204.19.25) .................................................................................................. ........................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 770. SOLVENT VIOLET 11 (CI 61100). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.80 Solvent Violet 11 (1,4-diaminoanthraquinone) (CAS No. 128–95–0) (provided for in subheading 3204.19.25) Free No c hange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H269 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 771. 2,4-DINITROPHENOL, ALSO CALLED SUL-PHUR BLACK 1. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.81 2,4-Dinitrophenol (Sulfur Black 1) (CAS No. 1326–82–5) (provided for in subheading 3204.19.30) ................ Fre e No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 772. MONO OR DIPHTHALIMIDO METHYL CUPCN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.82 Mono or diphthalimido methyl copper phthalocyanine ([2-(29H,31H-phthalocyaninylmethyl)-1H-isoindole- 1,3(2H)-dionato(2-)-N29,N30,N31,N32]copper) (CAS No. 42739–64–0) (provided for in subheading 3204.19.50) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 773. SOLUBILIZED SULPHUR BLACK 1. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.83 Solubilized Sulphur Black 1 (CAS No. 1326–83–6) (provided for in subheading 3204.19.50) .......................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 774. OPTICAL BRIGHTENER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.84 2,2’-Thiene-2,5-diylbis(5-tert-butyl-1,3-benzoxazole) (CAS No. 7128–64–5) (provided for in subheading 3204.20.80) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 775. OPTICAL BRIGHTENER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.85 2,2’-(Vinylenedi-p-phenylene)bisbenzoxazole (CAS No. 1533–45–5) (provided for in subheading 3204.20.80) Free No c hange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 776. PHTHALOCYANINE BLUE ADDITIVE CAS NO 70750-63-9. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.86 N,N-Dimethyl-N-octadecyl-1-octadecanaminium-(Sp-4-2)-[29H,31H-phthalocyanine-2- sulfonato- N29,N30,N31,N32]cuprate (phthalocyanine blue additive) (CAS No. 70750–63–9) (provided for in sub-heading 3204.90.00) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 777. ORGANIC LUMINESCENT PIGMENTS AND DYES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.87 Organic luminescent pigments and dyes for security applications (provided for in subheading 3204.90.00), the foregoing excluding daylight fluorescent pigments and dyes and excluding the dyestuff bearing the CAS No. 6359–10–0 .................................................................................................................. ................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 778. PHOSPHERESCENT PIGMENTS ZINC SULFIDE, COPPER DOPED. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.88 Phosphorescent pigment based on copper-doped zinc sulfide (CAS No. 68611–70–1) (provided for in sub-heading 3206.42.00) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 779. PIGMENT YELLOW 184. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH270 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.08.89 Pigment Yellow 184 (bismuth vanadium oxide) (CAS No. 14059–33–7) (provided for in subheading 3206.49.60) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 780. YTTRIUM OXIDE ’YOX’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.90 Yttrium oxide phosphor doped by europium, of a kind used as a luminophore. (CAS No. 68585–82–0) (pro-vided for in subheading 3206.50.00) ............................................................................................ ....................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 781. LANTHANUM PHOSPHATE ’LAP’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.91 Lanthanum phosphate phosphor doped by cerium and terbium, of a kind used as a luminophore (CAS No. 95823–34–0) (provided for in subheading 3206.50.00). ........................................................................... ......... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 782. BARIUM MAGNESIUM ALUMINATE ’BAM’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.92 Barium magnesium aluminate phosphor doped by europium, of a kind used as a luminophore (CAS Nos. 102110–17–8,1304–28-5,1309–48–4, 1344–28–1,1308–96–9, and 63774–55–0) (provided for in sub-heading 3206.50.00) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 783. YTTRIUM OXIDE & LANTHANUM PHOS-PHATE ’YOX/LAP’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.93 Phosphor blend of yttrium oxide doped with europium and lanthanum phosphate. The range for each item is between 55-75 percent yttrium oxide europium-doped, and 45-25 percent phosphoric acid, lanthanum salt, cerium terbium-doped by weight, respectively. (CAS Nos. 68585–82–0 and 95823–34–0) (provided for in subheading 3206.50.00) ...................................................................................................... ............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 784. ’HALO’ FLU-PDR NP-10-07 /54, RE-CLAIMED. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.94 Calcium chloride fluoride phosphate, antimony- and manganese-doped, of a kind used as a luminophore (Calcium halo phosphate phosphor) (CAS No. 545386–98–9) (provided for in subheading 3206.50.00) ......... Free No change No chang e On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 785. BARIUM MAGNESIUM ALUMINATE PHOSPHOR / ’BAM-GRN’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.95 Barium magnesium aluminate phosphor doped by europium and manganese, of a kind used as a luminophore (CAS Nos. 102110–17–8 ,1344–43–0, 1304–28–5, 1309–48–4, 1344–28–1, 1308–96–9, and 63774–55–0) (provided for in subheading 3206.50.00) ............................................................................ ......... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 786. GLASS POWDER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.96 Fritted barium borosilicate glass with a mean particle size between 0.4 and 10 microns, Young’s modulus of 71GPa, a density of 2.8 grams per cubic centimeter, radiopacity of 4.2, a refractive index of 1.53, and chemical composition of 55 percent silicon dioxide, 25 percent barium oxide, 10 percent boron trioxide and 10 percent aluminum oxide by weight (provided for in subheading 3207.40.10) .............................................. Free N o change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 787. PRE-STABILIZED MIXTURES OF METAL CARBOXYLATES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H271 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.08.97 Prepared paint driers containing a mixture of cobalt hydroxide (CAS No. 21041–93–0), cobalt 2- ethylhexanoate (CAS No. 136–52–7), calcium propionate (CAS No. 4075–81–4), calcium 2-ethylhexanoate (CAS No. 136–51–6), hydrotreated heavy naphtha (CAS No. 64742–48–9), tripropylene glycol (CAS No. 24800–44–0) and tripropylene glycol methyl ether (CAS No. 25498–49–1) (provided for in subheading 3211.00.00) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 788. RESIN CEMENT. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.98 Resin cement based on calcium carbonate and silicone resins (CAS Nos. 471–34–1 and 68037–83–2) (pro-vided for in subheading 3214.10.00) ............................................................................................ ....................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 789. COLD PRESSED ORANGE OIL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.99 Cold-pressed orange oil (provided for in subheading 3301.12.00) .................................................. ................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 790. COLD PRESSED GRAPEFRUIT OIL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.01 Cold-pressed grapefruit oil (provided for in subheading 3301.19.10) .............................................. .................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 791. OIL OF LEMON EUCALYPTUS (OLE). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.02 Eucalyptus citriodora oil, hydrated, cyclized (CAS No. 1245629–80–4) (provided for in subheading 3301.29.10) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 792. ADV 7800 S-ME. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.03 Dispersions and suspensions of approximately 45 percent by weight propene, 1,1,2,3,3,3-hexafluoro-, telomer with chlorotrifluoroethene, oxidized, reduced, hydrolyzed, ammonium salts (CAS No. 220207-15-8) and 15 percent by weight 1-propene, 1,1,2,3,3,3-hexafluoro-, oxidized, polymerized (CAS No. 69991–67–9) in water (provided for in subheading 3402.11.50) ............................................................................... ............... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 793. ADV 7800 A-W. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.04 Dispersions and suspensions of approximately 25 percent by weight 1-propene, 1,1,2,3,3,3-hexafluoro-, telomer with chlorotrifluoroethene, oxidized, reduced, hydrolyzed, ammonium salts (CAS No. 330809–92–2) in water (provided for in subheading 3402.11.50) ............................................................................... ............... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 794. ADV 7850 A-ME. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.05 Dispersions and suspensions of approximately 25 percent by weight 1-propene, 1,1,2,3,3,3-hexafluoro-, telomer with chlorotrifluoroethene, oxidized, reduced, hydrolyzed, ammonium salts (CAS No. 330809-92-2) and approximately 15-20 percent by weight 1-propene, 1,1,2,3,3,3-hexafluoro-, oxidized, polymerized (CAS No. 69991–67–9) in water (provided for in subheading 3402.11.50) ............................................................... . Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 795. ADV 7800 S-W. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.06 Dispersions and suspensions of approximately 20 percent by weight 1-propene, 1,1,2,3,3,3-hexafluoro-, telomer with chlorotrifluoroethene, oxidized, reduced, ethyl ester, hydrolyzed, sodium salt (CAS No. 220207– 15–8) in water (provided for in subheading 3402.11.50) ......................................................................... .......... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH272 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 796. PETROLEUM SULFONIC ACIDS, SODIUM SALT. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.07 Sodium petroleum sulfonate (CAS No. 68608–26–4) (provided for in subheading 3402.11.50) ....................... Fre e No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 797. CETEARETH-60 MYRISTYL GLYCOL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.08 Alkyl (C
16-C18)polyethyleneglycol tetra decylene glycol ether (CAS No. 96081–39–9) (provided for in sub-heading 3402.13.10) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 798. ESTERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.09 Surface-active preparations consisting of fatty acids, C
16-C18and C 18unsaturated, esters with penta- erythritol (CAS No. 85711–45–1); polysorbate 20 (CAS No. 9005–64–5); and polyoxyethylene dioleate (CAS No. 9005–07–6) (provided for in subheading 3402.13.20) ......................................................................... ........ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 799. PENTAERYTHRITOL MONOOLEATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.10 3-Hydroxy-2,2-bis(hydroxymethyl)propyl (9Z)-9-octadecenoate (Pentaerythritol Monooleate) (CAS No. 10332– 32–8) (provided for in subheading 3402.13.20) .................................................................................. ................ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 800. POLYMERIC WETTING AGENT. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.11 Mixtures of 1-butanol (CAS No. 71–36–3); 1-propoxy-2-propanol (mixed isomers) (CAS No. 1569–01–3); siloxanes and silicones, dimethyl, 3-hydroxypropyl methyl, ethoxylated propoxylated (CAS No. 68937–55–3); 2-methyloxirane, oxirane, 3-prop-2-enoxyprop-1-ene (CAS No. 9041–33–2); urea, polymer with formaldehyde, methylated (CAS No. 68071–45–4); 2-propanol (CAS No. 67–63–0); 2-amino-2-methyl-1-propanol (CAS No. 124–68–5); 2-methyl-2-(methylamino)-1-propanol (CAS No. 27646–80–6); methanol (CAS No. 67–56–1) and water (CAS No. 7732–18–5) (provided for in subheading 3402.19.50) ...................................................... Free  No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 801. SORPOL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.12 Mixtures of poly(oxy-1,2-ethanediyl), α-(2,4,6-tris(1-phenylethyl)phenyl)-ω-hydroxy-, phosphate, potassium salt (CAS No. 163436–84–8); poly(oxy-1,2-ethanediyl), α-(tris(1-phenylethyl)phenyl)-ω-hydroxy- (CAS No. 99734–09–5); and propane-1,2-diol (CAS No. 57–55–6) (provided for in subheading 3402.90.30) ................ Free No change No ch ange On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 802. PLASTER MOLD RELEASE AGENT. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.13 Plaster mold release agent made from propan-2-ol (CAS No. 67–63–0), 2-methylpropan-1-ol (CAS No. 78– 83–1), 2-methoxy-methylethyl acetate (CAS No. 108–65–6), hexadecanoic acid (CAS No. 57–10–3), octa-decanoic acid (CAS No. 57–11–4) and other ingredients (provided for in subheading 3403.99.00) ................ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 803. SPARKLERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.14 Sparklers (Class 1.4G) (provided for in subheading 3604.10.90) ................................................... .................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 804. PARTY POPPER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H273 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.09.15 Party Poppers (Class 1.4G) (Provided for in subheading 3604.90.00) ............................................... ................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 805. INSTANT PRINT FILM. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.16 Instant print film, for color photography (polychrome) (provided for in subheading 3701.20.00) ................... .. 3.1% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 806. POLY PALE ESTER 10. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.17 Glycerol ester of dimerized rosin acids, having softening point not less than 104 ° C and acid number measuring 3 or more but not over 8 (CAS No. 68475–37–6) (provided for in subheading 3806.30.00) .......... Free No change No chan ge On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 807. DYMEREX. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.18 Partially polymerized (dimerized) rosin, catalyzed with sulfuric acid, softening point not less than 92 ° C, acid number not less than 140 (CAS No. 65997–05–9) (provided for in subheading 3806.90.00) .................. Free No change No c hange On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 808. β-CYFLUTHRIN FORMULATIONS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.19 Product mixtures containing (RS)- α-cyano-4-fluoro-3-phenoxybenzyl (1RS,3RS;1RS,3SR)-3-(2,2- dichlorovinyl)-2,2-dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylate ( β-Cyfluthrin) (CAS No. 68359-37-5) (provided for in subheading 3808.91.25) ......................................................................................................... .............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 809. FLUPYRADIFURONE FORMULATIONS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.20 Product mixtures containing 4-{[(6-chloro-3-pyridinyl)methyl](2,2-difluoroethyl)amino γ-2(5H)-furanone (Flupyradifurone) (CAS No. 951659–40–8) (provided for in subheading 3808.91.25) ....................................... 4.2% No c hange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 810. IMIDACLOPRID + β-CYFLUTHRIN FOR-MULATIONS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.21 Product mixtures containing 1-(6-chloro-3-pyridinyl)methyl-N-nitroimidazolidin-2-ylideneamine (Imidacloprid) (CAS No 138261–41–3) and (RS)- α-cyano-4-fluoro-3-phenoxybenzyl (1RS,3RS;1RS,3SR)-3-(2,2- dichlorovinyl)-2,2-dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylate ( β-Cyfluthrin) (CAS No. 68359–37–5) (provided for in subheading 3808.91.25) ......................................................................................................... .............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 811. IMIDACLOPRID + THIODICARB FORMU-LATIONS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.22 Product mixtures containing 1-(6-chloro-3-pyridinyl)methyl-N-nitroimidazolidin-2-ylideneamine (Imidacloprid) (CAS No. 138261–41–3) and 3,7,9,13-tetramethyl-5,11-dioxa-2,8,14-trithia-4,7,9,12-tetraazapentadeca- 3,12-diene-6,10-dione (Thiodicarb) (CAS No. 59669–26–0) (provided for in subheading 3808.91.25) ............ Free No change No ch ange On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 812. SPIROMESIFEN FORMULATIONS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.23 Product mixtures containing 3-mesityl-2-oxo-1-oxaspiro[4.4]non-3-en-4-yl 3,3-dimethylbutyrate (Spiromesifen) (CAS No. 283594–90–1) (provided for in subheading 3808.91.25) ........................................... 1.0% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH274 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 813. SPIROTETRAMAT FORMULATIONS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.24 Product mixtures containing (5s,8s)-3-(2,5-dimethylphenyl)-8-methoxy-2-oxo-1-azaspiro[4.5]dec-3-en-4-yl ethyl carbonate (Spirotetramat) (CAS No. 203313–25–1) (provided for in subheading 3808.91.25) ................ 5.2% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 814. CLOTHIANIDIN + β-CYFLUTHRIN FOR-MULATIONS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.25 Product mixtures containing 1-(2-chloro-1,3-thiazol-5-ylmethyl)-3-methyl-2-nitroguanidine (Clothianidin) (CAS No. 210880–92–5) and (RS)- α-cyano-4-fluoro-3-phenoxybenzyl (1RS,3RS;1RS,3SR)-3-(2,2- dichlorovinyl)-2,2-dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylate ( β-Cyfluthrin) (CAS No. 68359–37–5) (provided for in subheading 3808.91.25) ......................................................................................................... .............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 815. TETRACHLORVINFOS FORMULATIONS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.26 Product mixtures containing (Z)-2-chloro-1-(2,4,5-trichlorophenyl)vinyl dimethylphosphate (Tetrachlorvinfos) (CAS No. 22248–79–9) (provided for in subheading 3808.91.25) ................................................................... ... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 816. MIXTURES OF CLOFENTEZINE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.27 Mixtures of 3,6-bis(2-chlorophenyl)-1,2,4,5-tetrazine (Clofentezine) (CAS No.74115–24–5) and application adjuvants (provided for in subheading 3808.91.25) .............................................................................. ............. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 817. ACEQUINOCYL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.28 Mixtures of 3-dodecyl-1,4-dioxo-1,4-dihydronaphthalen-2-yl acetate (CAS 57960–19–7) (Acequinocyl) and application adjuvants (provided for in subheading 3808.91.25) .................................................................. ...... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 818. FLONICAMID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.29 N-(Cyanomethyl)-4-(trifluoromethyl)-3-pyridinecarboxamide (Flonicamid) (CAS No. 158062–67–0) (provided for in subheading 2933.39.27) and any formulations containing such compound (provided for in sub-heading 3808.91.25) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 819. GAMMA-CYHALOTHRIN FORMULATIONS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.30 Mixtures containing Cyano(3-phenoxyphenyl)methyl 3-[(1Z)-2-chloro-3,3,3-trifluoro-1-propen-1-yl]-2,2- dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylate (gamma-cyhalothrin) and application adjuvants (CAS No. 76703–62–3) (provided for in subheading 3808.91.25) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 820. ACETAMIPRID-E, WHETHER OR NOT MIXED. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.31 Mixtures of (E)-N1-[(6-chloro-3-pyridyl)methyl]-N2-cyano-N1-methyl-acetamidine (Acetamiprid) (CAS No. 135410–20–7) and application adjuvants (provided for in subheading 3808.91.25) ....................................... 0.8% No ch ange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 821. ZINC PHOSPHATE FORMULATIONS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H275 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.09.32 Formulations containing zinc phosphide (trizinc diphosphide) (CAS No. 1314–84–7) (provided for in sub-heading 3808.91.30) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 822. AZADIRACHTIN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.33 Mixtures containing dimethyl (2aR, 3S,4S, 4aR,5S,7aS ,8S,10R,10aS,10bR)-10-acetoxy-3,5- dihydroxy-4 [(1aR, 2S,3aS, 6aS,7S, 7aS)- 6a-hydroxy-7a-methyl-3a, 6a,7,7a-tetrahydro-2,7-methanofuro[2, 3-b] oxireno[e]oxepin-1a(2H)-yl] -4-methyl-8-{[(2E)-2-methylbut-2-enoyl]oxy γoctahydro-1H-naphtho [1, 8a-c:4,5- b’c’]difuran-5,10a(8H)-dicarboxylate (Azadirachtin) (CAS No. 11141–17–6) (provided for in subheading 3808.91.50) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 823. ABAMECTIN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.34 Abamectin (mixture of Avermectin A1a and Avermectin A1b) (CAS No. 155569–91–8) (provided for in sub-heading 3808.91.50) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 824. ACEPHATE FORMULATIONS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.35 Formulations of O,S-dimethyl acetylphosphoramidothioate (Acephate) (CAS No. 30560–19–1) (provided for in subheading 3808.91.50) ...................................................................................................... ............................. 1.8% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 825. CLOTHIANIDIN + BACILLUS FIRMUS FORMULATIONS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.36 Product mixtures containing 1-[(2-chloro-1,3-thiazol-5-yl)methyl]-2-methyl-3-nitroguanidine (Clothianidin) (CAS No. 210880–92–5) and Bacillus firmus (Strain I-1582) (provided for in subheading 3808.91.50) ......... 4.2% No change No cha nge On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 826. CLOTHIANIDIN FORMULATIONS (ACCELERON IC-609). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.37 Mixtures of 1-[(2-chloro-1,3-thiazol-5-yl)methyl]-2-methyl-3-nitroguanidine (Clothianidin) (CAS No. 210880– 92–5) (provided for in subheading 3808.91.50) .................................................................................. ................ 2.8% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 827. INSECTICIDES, AROMATIC, OR MODI-FIED AROMATIC. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.38 Mixtures of 2-methyl-1-nitro-3-(tetrahydro-2-furanylmethyl)guanidine (Dinotefuran) (CAS No. 165252–70–0) with application adjuvants (provided for in subheading 3808.91.50) ............................................................. ... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 828. METHOMYL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.39 Mixtures of methyl (1E)-N-[(methylcarbamoyl)oxy]ethanimidothioate (Methomyl) (CAS No. 16752–77–5) and application adjuvants (provided for in subheading 3808.91.50) .................................................................. ...... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 829. EVERGOL FUNGICIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH276 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.09.40 Product mixtures containing methyl N-(2-methoxyacetyl)-N-(2,6-xylyl)-DL-alaninate (Metalaxyl) (CAS No. 57837–19–1), 5-fluoro-1,3-dimethyl-N-[2-(4-methylpentan-2-yl)phenyl]-1H-pyrazole-4-carboxamide (Penflufen) (CAS No. 494793–67–8) and 2-[(2RS)-2-(1-chlorocyclopropyl)-3-(2-chlorophenyl)-2- hydroxypropyl]-2H-1,2,4-triazole-3(4H)-thione (Prothioconazole) (CAS No. 178928–70–6) (provided for in subheading 3808.92.15) ......................................................................................................... .............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 830. FLUOXASTROBIN FORMULATIONS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.41 Product mixtures containing (E)-{2-[6-(2-chlorophenoxy)-5-fluoropyrimidin-4-yloxy]phenyl γ(5,6-dihydro-1,4,2- dioxazin-3-yl)methanone O-methyloxime (Fluoxastrobin) (CAS No. 361377–29–9) (provided for in subheading 3808.92.15) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 831. TRIADIMEFON + TRIFLOXYSTROBIN FORMULATIONS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.42 Product mixtures containing 1-(4-chlorophenoxy)-3,3-dimethyl-1-[1,2,4]triazol-1-yl-butan-2-one (Triadimefon) (CAS No. 43121–43–3) and methyl (E)-methoxyimino-{(E)-2-[1-( α,α,α-trifluoro-m- tolyl)ethylideneaminooxy]-o-tolylγacetate (Trifloxystrobin) (CAS No. 141517–21–7) (provided for in sub- heading 3808.92.15) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 832. TRIADIMEFON FORMULATIONS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.43 Product mixtures containing 1-(4-chlorophenoxy)-3,3-dimethyl-1-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)-2-butanone (Triadimefon) (CAS No. 43121–43–3) (provided for in subheading 3808.92.15) ............................................... Free N o change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 833. PENFLUFEN + PROTHIOCONAZOLE FOR-MULATIONS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.44 Product mixtures containing N-[2-(1,3-dimethylbutyl)phenyl]-5-fluoro-1,3-dimethyl-1H-pyrazole-4- carboxamide (Penflufen) (CAS No. 494793–67–8) and 2-[(2RS)-2-(1-chlorocyclopropyl)-3-(2-chlorophenyl)-2- hydroxypropyl]-2H-1,2,4-triazole-3(4H)-thione (Prothioconazole) (CAS No. 178928–70–6) (provided for in subheading 3808.92.15) ......................................................................................................... .............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 834. RAXIL PRO SHIELD. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.45 Product mixtures containing 1-(6-chloro-3-pyridinyl)methyl-N-nitroimidazolidin-2-ylideneamine (Imidacloprid) (CAS No. 138261–41–3), methyl N-(2-methoxyacetyl)-N-(2,6-xylyl)-DL-alaninate (Metalaxyl) (CAS No. 57837– 19–1), 2-[(2RS)-2-(1-chlorocyclopropyl)-3-(2-chlorophenyl)-2-hydroxypropyl]-2H-1,2,4-triazole-3(4H)-thione (Prothioconazole) (CAS No. 178928–70–6) and (RS)-1-p-chlorophenyl-4,4-dimethyl-3-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1- ylmethyl)pentan-3-ol (Tebuconazole) (CAS No. 107534–96–3) (provided for in subheading 3808.92.15) ........ Free No change No chan ge On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 835. ELATUS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.46 Mixtures of N-[9-(dichloromethylidene)-1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-1,4-methanonaphthalen-5-yl]-3-(difluoromethyl)-1- methyl-1H-pyrazole-4-carboxamide (Benzovindiflupyr) (CAS No. 1072957–71–1) and methyl (2E)-2-(2-{[6-(2- cyanophenoxy)pyrimidin-4-yl]oxyγphenyl)-3-methoxyacrylate (Azoxystrobin) (CAS No. 131860–33–8) (provided for in subheading 3808.92.15) .................................................................................................. ........................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 836. OXATHIAPIPROLIN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.47 Mixtures of 1-[4-[4-[5-(2,6-difluorophenyl)-4,5-dihydro-1,2-oxazol-3-yl]-1,3-thiazol-2-yl]piperidin-1-yl]-2-[5- methyl-3-(trifluoromethyl)pyrazol-1-yl]ethanone (Oxathiapiprolin) (CAS No. 1003318–67–9) (provided for in subheading 3808.92.15) ......................................................................................................... .............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H277 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 837. FLUOPYRAM + TEBUCONAZOLE FORMU-LATIONS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.48 Product mixtures containing N-{2-[3-chloro-5-(trifluoromethyl)-2-pyridinyl]ethyl γ-2-(trifluoromethyl)benzamide (Fluopyram) (CAS No. 658066–35–4) and 1-(4-chlorophenyl)-4,4-dimethyl-3-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1- ylmethyl)pentan-3-ol (Tebuconazole) (CAS No. 107534–96–3) (provided for in subheading 3808.92.15) ........ Free No change No chan ge On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 838. FLUOPYRAM + BACILLUS FIRMUS FOR-MULATIONS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.49 Product mixtures containing N-[2-[3-chloro-5-(trifluoromethyl)pyridin-2-yl]ethyl]-2-(trifluoromethyl)benzamide (Fluopyram) (CAS No. 658066–35–4) and Bacillus firmus (Strain I-1582) (provided for in subheading 3808.92.15) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... 0.3% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 839. PROTHIOCONAZOLE + TEBUCONAZOLE FORMULATIONS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.50 Product mixtures containing 2-[(2RS)-2-(1-chlorocyclopropyl)-3-(2-chlorophenyl)-2-hydroxypropyl]-2H-1,2,4- triazole-3(4H)-thione (Prothioconazole) (CAS No. 178928-70–6) and (RS)-1-p-chlorophenyl-4,4-dimethyl-3- (1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-ylmethyl)pentan-3-ol (Tebuconazole) (CAS No. 107534–96–3) (provided for in sub-heading 3808.92.15) ............................................................................................................ ................................. 4.9% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 840. TRIFLOXYSTROBIN + PROTHIOCONAZOLE FORMULA-TIONS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.51 Product mixtures containing methyl (E)-methoxyimino-{(E)-2-[1-( α,α,α-trifluoro-m-tolyl)ethylideneaminooxy]- o-tolylγacetate (Trifloxystrobin) (CAS No. 141517–21–7) and 2-[(2RS)-2-(1-chlorocyclopropyl)-3-(2- chlorophenyl)-2-hydroxypropyl]-2H-1,2,4-triazole-3(4H)-thione (Prothioconazole) (CAS No. 178928–70–6) (provided for in subheading 3808.92.15) ........................................................................................ ..................... 4.0% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 841. GAUCHO XT. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.52 Product mixtures containing 1-(6-chloro-3-pyridinyl)methyl-N-nitroimidazolidin-2-ylideneamine (Imidacloprid) (CAS No. 138261–41–3), methyl N-(2-methoxyacetyl)-N-(2,6-xylyl)-DL-alaninate (Metalaxyl) (CAS No. 57837– 19–1) and (RS)-1-p-chlorophenyl-4,4-dimethyl-3-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-ylmethyl)pentan-3 -ol (Tebuconazole) (CAS No. 107534–96–3) (provided for in subheading 3808.92.15) .................................................................. .. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 842. TRIFLOXYSTROBIN AND TEBUCONAZOLE FORMULATIONS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.53 Product mixtures containing methyl (E)-methoxyimino-{(E)-2-[1-( α,α,α-trifluoro-m-tolyl)ethylideneaminooxy]- o- tolylγacetate (Trifloxystrobin) (CAS No. 141517–21–7) and (RS)-1-p-chlorophenyl-4,4-dimethyl-3-(1H- 1,2,4-triazol-1-ylmethyl)pentan-3 -ol (Tebuconazole) (CAS No. 107534–96–3) (provided for in subheading 3808.92.15) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 843. FLUOPYRAM AND PYRIMETHANIL FOR-MULATIONS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.54 Product mixtures containing N-[2-[3-chloro-5-(trifluoromethyl)pyridin-2-yl]ethyl]-2-(trifluoromethyl)b enzamide (Fluopyram) (CAS No. 658066–35–4) and 4,6-dimethyl-N-phenyl-2-pyrimidinamine (Pyrimethanil) (CAS No. 53112–28–0) (provided for in subheading 3808.92.15) ................................................................... ... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH278 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 844. FLUOPYRAM AND TRIFLOXYSTROBIN FORMULATIONS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.55 Product mixtures containing N-[2-[3-chloro-5-(trifluoromethyl)pyridin-2-yl]ethyl]-2-(trifluoromethyl)b enzamide (Fluopyram) (CAS No. 658066–35–4) and methyl (E)-methoxyimino-{(E)-2-[1-( α,α,α-trifluoro-m- tolyl)ethylideneaminooxy]-o- tolylγacetate (Trifloxystrobin) (CAS No. 141517–21–7) (provided for in sub- heading 3808.92.15) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 845. TRIFLOXYSTROBIN AND PROPICONAZOLE FORMULATIONS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.56 Product mixtures containing methyl (E)-methoxyimino-{(E)-2-[1-( α,α,α-trifluoro-m-tolyl)ethylideneaminooxy]- o- tolylγacetate (Trifloxystrobin) (CAS No. 141517–21–7) and cis-trans-1-[2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-4-propyl- 1,3-dioxolan-2-ylmethyl]-1H-1 ,2,4-triazole (Propiconazole) (CAS No. 60207–90–1) (provided for in sub-heading 3808.92.15) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 846. TRIFLOXYSTROBIN FORMULATIONS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.57 Product mixtures containing methyl (2E)-(methoxyimino)[2-({[(E)-{1-[3- trifluoromethyl)phenyl]ethylideneγamino ]oxyγmethyl)phenyl]acetate (Trifloxystrobin) (CAS No. 141517–21–7) (provided for in subheading 3808.92.15) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 847. FLUOPYRAM AND PROTHIOCONAZOLE FORMULATIONS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.58 Product mixtures containing N-[2-[3-chloro-5-(trifluoromethyl)pyridin-2-yl]ethyl]-2-(trifluoromethyl)b enzamide (Fluopyram) (CAS No. 658066–35–4) and (RS)-2-[2-(1-chlorocyclopropyl)-3-(2-chlorophenyl)-2- hydroxypropyl]-2,4-di hydro-1,2,4-triazole-3-thione (Prothioconazole) (CAS No. 178928–70–6) (provided for in subheading 3808.92.15) ......................................................................................................... .............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 848. PROTHIOCONAZOLE FORMULATIONS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.59 Product mixtures containing 2-[2-(1-chlorocyclopropyl)-3-(2-chlorophenyl)-2-hydroxypropyl]-1,2-dihydro -3H- 1,2,4-triazole-3-thione (Prothioconazole) (CAS No. 178928–70–6) (provided for in subheading 3808.92.15) .. Free No change No chan ge On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 849. FENHEXAMID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.60 Mixtures containing N-(2,3-dichloro-4-hydroxyphenyl)-1-methylcyclohexanecarboxamide (Fenhexamid) (CAS No. 126833–17–8) and application adjuvants (provided for in subheading 3808.92.15) ................................. Free No chan ge No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 850. FLUOPYRAM FORMULATIONS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.61 Mixtures of N-[2-[3-chloro-5-(trifluoromethyl)pyridin-2-yl]ethyl]-2-(trifluoromethyl)benzamide (Fluopyram) (CAS No. 658066–35–4) (provided for in subheading 3808.92.15) .................................................................. .. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 851. FLUOPYRAM AND IMIDACLOPRID FOR-MULATIONS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.62 Mixtures of N-[2-[3-chloro-5-(trifluoromethyl)pyridin-2-yl]ethyl]-2-(trifluoromethyl)benzamide (Fluopyram) (CAS No. 658066–35–4) and N-[1-[(6-chloropyridin-3-yl)methyl]-4,5-dihydroimidazol-2-yl]nitramide (Imidacloprid) (CAS No. 138261–41–3) (provided for in subheading 3808.92.15) ............................................ Free No  change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H279 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 852. FUNGAFLOR 500EC. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.63 Mixtures of (1-[2-(allyloxy)-2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)ethyl]-1H-imidazole) (Imazalil) (CAS No. 35554–44–0) and application adjuvants (provided for in subheading 3808.92.15) .................................................................. ...... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 853. FUNGAFLOR 75WSG. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.64 Mixtures of 1-[2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-2-(prop-2-en-1-yloxy)ethyl]-1H-imidazole sulfate (Imazalil sulfate) (CAS No. 58594–72–2) and application adjuvants (provided for in subheading 3808.92.15) ................................... Free No cha nge No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 854. PENBOTEC 400SC. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.65 Mixtures of 4,6-dimethyl-N-phenyl-2-pyrimidinamine (Pyrimethanil) (CAS No. 53112–28–0) and application adjuvants (provided for in subheading 3808.92.15) .............................................................................. ............. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 855. QUINTEC FUNGICIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.66 Mixtures of 5,7-dichloro-4-(4-fluorophenoxy)quinoline (Quinoxyfen) (CAS No. 124495–18–7) and application adjuvants (provided for in subheading 3808.92.15) .............................................................................. ............. 1.6% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 856. MIXTURES OF FAMOXADONE, CYMOXANIL, AND APPLICATION AD-JUVANTS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.67 Mixtures of 3-anilino-5-methyl-5-(4-phenoxyphenyl)-1,3-oxazolidine-2,4-dione (Famoxadone) (CAS No. 131807–57–3), 2-cyano-N-(ethylcarbamoyl)-2-(methoxyimino)acetamide (Cymoxanil) (CAS No. 57966–95–7) and application adjuvants (provided for in subheading 3808.92.15) .............................................................. ... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 857. TRIFLOXYSTROBIN AND CYPROCONAZOLE FORMULATIONS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.68 Mixtures containing methyl (2E)-(methoxyimino)[2-({[(E)-{1-[3-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl]ethylidene γamin o]oxyγmethyl)phenyl]acetate (Trifloxystrobin) (CAS No. 141517–21–7) and 2-(4-chlorophenyl)-3-cyclopropyl- 1-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)-2-butanol (Cyproconazole) (CAS No. 94361–06–5) and application adjuvants (pro-vided for in subheading 3808.92.15) ............................................................................................ ....................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 858. FLUOPYRAM AND CLOTHIANIDIN FOR-MULATIONS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.69 Mixtures containing N-[2-[3-chloro-5-(trifluoromethyl)pyridin-2-yl]ethyl]-2-(trifluoromethyl)b enzamide (Fluopyram) (CAS No. 658066–35–4) and (E)-1-(2-chloro-1,3-thiazol-5-ylmethyl)-3-methyl-2-nitroguanidine (Clothianidin) (CAS No. 210880–92–5) (provided for in subheading 3808.92.15) ............................................. Free N o change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 859. IPRODIONE AND TRIFLOXYSTROBIN FORMULATIONS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.70 Mixtures containing 3-(3,5-dichlorophenyl)-N-isopropyl-2,4-dioxo-1-imidazolidinecarboxamide (Iprodione) (CAS No. 36734–19–7) and methyl (2E)-(methoxyimino)[2-({[(E)-{1-[3- (trifluoromethyl)phenyl]ethylideneγamin o]oxyγmethyl)phenyl]acetate (Trifloxystrobin) (CAS No. 141517–21–7) (provided for in subheading 3808.92.15) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH280 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 860. TETRACONAZOLE AND AZOXYSTROBIN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.71 Mixtures of 1-[2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-3-(1,1,2,2-tetrafluoroethoxy)-propyl]-1H-1,2,4-triazole (Tetraconazole) (CAS No. 112281–77–3); methyl (2E)-2-(2-{[6-(2-cyanophenoxy)-4-pyrimidinyl]oxy γphenyl)-3-methoxyacrylate (Azoxystrobin) (CAS No. 131860–33–8); and application adjuvants (provided for in subheading 3808.92.15) Free No change No chang e On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 861. TETRACONAZOLE AND CHLOROTHALONIL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.72 Mixtures of 1-[2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-3-(1,1,2,2-tetrafluoroethoxy)-propyl]-1H-1,2,4-triazole (Tetraconazole) (CAS No. 112281–77–3); 2,4,5,6-tetrachloroisophthalonitrile (Chlorothalonil) (CAS No. 1897–45–6); and ap-plication adjuvants (provided for in subheading 3808.92.15) .................................................................... ........ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 862. ZIRAM. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.73 Mixtures of zinc bis(dimethyldithiocarbamate) (Ziram) and application adjuvants (CAS No. 137–30–4) (pro-vided for in subheading 3808.92.28) ............................................................................................ ....................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 863. THIRAM. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.74 Mixtures of [disulfanediylbis (carbonothioylnitrilo)]tetramethane (Thiram) (CAS No. 137–26–8) and applica-tion adjuvants (provided for in subheading 3808.92.28) ......................................................................... ........... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 864. ALLYL ISOTHIOCYANATE 96 PERCENT ACTIVE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.75 Mixtures of at least 95 percent by weight allyl isothiocyanate (3-isothiocyanato-1-propene) (CAS No. 57– 06–7), and application adjuvants (provided for in subheading 3808.92.28) ..................................................... Fr ee No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 865. COPPER HYDROXIDE AND COPPER OXYCHLORIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.76 Mixtures of copper oxychloride (CAS No. 1332–40–7) and copper hydroxide (CAS No. 20427–59–2) (provided for in subheading 3808.92.30) .................................................................................................. ........................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 866. COPPER HYDROXIDE AND APPLICATION ADJUVANTS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.77 Mixtures of copper dihydroxide (cupric hydroxide) (CAS No. 20427–59–2) and application adjuvants (pro-vided for in subheading 3808.92.30) ............................................................................................ ....................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 867. KASUGAMYCIN AND APPLICATION AD-JUVANTS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.78 Mixtures containing (1S,2R,3S,4R,5S,6S)-2,3,4,5,6-pentahydroxycyclohexyl 2-amino-4- {[carboxy(imino)methyl]aminoγ-2,3,4,6-tetradeoxy-α-D-arabino-hex opyranoside (CAS No. 19408–46–9) (Kasugamycin) and application adjuvants (provided for in subheading 3808.92.50) ........................................ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 868. POLYOXIN D ZINC SALT. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H281 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.09.79 Formulations of zinc 1-{(2R,3R,4S,5R)-5- [(S)-{[(2S,3S,4S)-2-amino-5- (carbamoyloxy)-3,4-dihydrox ypentanoyl]aminoγ (carboxylato)methyl]-3,4-dihydroxytetrahydro-2-furanyl γ-2 ,4-dioxo-1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-5- pyrimidinecarboxylate (Polyoxin D Zinc Salt) (CAS No. 146659–78–1) (provided for in subheading 3808.92.50) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 869. PROPAMOCARB HYDROCHLORIDE MIX-TURES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.80 Mixtures of N,N-dimethyl-3-[(propoxycarbonyl)amino]-1-propanaminium chloride (Propamocarb hydrochloride) (CAS No. 25606–41–1) and application adjuvants (provided for in subheading 3808.92.50) .......................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 870. PROBLAD PLUS-FRACTURE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.81 Mixtures containing β-conglutin and application adjuvants used as a fungicide (provided for in subheading 3808.92.50) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 871. DODINE MIXTURES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.82 Mixtures of 1-dodecylguanidine acetate (1:1) (Dodine) (CAS No. 2439–10–3) and application adjuvants (provided for in subheading 3808.92.50) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 872. FYSIUM PACKS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.83 Formulated fungicide kit consisting of individual packs of tetra-n-butylammonium fluoride (CAS No. 87749–50–6), dimethylsulfoxide (CAS No. 67–68–5), 2-(butyldimethylsilyl)-1-methylcyclopropanol-1- methanesulfonate (CAS No. 1446996–86–6), and sodium hydroxide solution (CAS No. 1310–73–2) (provided for in subheading 3808.92.50) .................................................................................................. ........................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 873. TACHIGAREN 70WP. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.84 Mixtures containing 5-methyl-1,2-oxazol-3(2H)-one (Hymexazol) (CAS No. 10004–44–1) (provided for in sub-heading 3808.92.50) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 874. PROPOXYCARBAZONE-SODIUM FORMU-LATIONS (OLYMPUS). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.85 Product mixtures containing sodium {[2-(methoxycarbonyl)phenyl]sulfonyl γ[(4,5-dihydro-4-methyl-5-oxo-3- propox y-1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)carbonyl]azanide (Propoxycarbazone sodium) (CAS No. 181274–15–7) (pro-vided for in subheading 3808.93.15) ............................................................................................ ....................... 3.8% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 875. HUSKIE HERBICIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.86 Product mixtures containing (5-hydroxy-1,3-dimethyl-1H-pyrazol-4-yl)[2-(methylsulfonyl)-4-(trifluorome thyl)phenyl]methanone (Pyrasulfotole) (CAS No. 365400–11–9); 2,4-dibromo-6-cyanophenyl octanoate (Bromoxynil Octanoate) (CAS No. 1689–99–2); 2,6-Dibromo-4-cyanophenyl heptanoate (Bromoxynil Heptanoate) (CAS No. 56634–95–8); and diethyl 1-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-5-methyl-4,5-dihydro-1H-pyrazole- 3,5-dicarboxylate (Mefenpyr-diethyl) (CAS No. 135590–91–9) (provided for in subheading 3808.93.15) ......... 3.7% No change No ch ange On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 876. FORAMSULFURON FORMULATIONS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH282 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.09.87 Mixtures of benzamide, 2-[[[[(4,6-dimethoxy-2- pyrimidinyl)-amino]carbonyl]amino] sulfonyl]-4-(form ylamino)-N,N- methyl- (Foramsulfuron) (CAS No. 173159–57–4) and application adjuvants (provided for in subheading 3808.93.15) ......................................................................................................... .............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 877. MESOSULFURON-METHYL FORMULA-TIONS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.88 Product mixtures containing methyl 2- [({[(4,6-dimethoxy-2- pyrimidinyl)amino] carbonyl γamino)sulfonyl]-4- [(mesy lamino) methyl]benzoate (Mesosulfuron-methyl) (CAS No. 208465–21–8) (provided for in subheading 3808.93.15) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 878. ISOXAFLUTOLE FORMULATIONS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.89 Product mixtures containing (5-cyclopropyl-1,2-oxazol-4-yl)[2-(methylsulfonyl)-4-(trifluoromethyl)phen yl]methanone (Isoxaflutole) (CAS No. 141112–29–0) (provided for in subheading 3808.93.15) ....................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 879. INDAZIFLAM AND RIMSULFURON FOR-MULATIONS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.90 Product mixtures containing N-[(1R,2S)-2,6-dimethyl-2,3-dihydro-1H-inden-1-yl]-6-[(1R)-1-fluoroethyl]- 1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diamine (Indaziflam) (CAS No. 950782–86–2) and N-[(4,6-dimethoxy-2- pyrimidinyl)carbamoyl]-3-(ethylsulfonyl)-2-pyridinesul fonamide (Rimsulfuron) (CAS No. 122931–48–0) (pro-vided for in subheading 3808.93.15) ............................................................................................ ....................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 880. PYRAFLUFEN ETHYL 40 PERCENT (ET MB 40). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.91 Mixtures of ethyl 2-chloro-5-(4-chloro-5-difluoromethoxy-1-methyl-1H-pyrazol-3-yl)-4-fluorop henoxyacetate (Pyraflufen-ethyl) (CAS No. 129630–19–9) and application adjuvants (provided for in subheading 3808.93.15) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 881. PACLOBUTRAZOLE FORMULATIONS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.92 Mixtures of (2RS,3RS)-1-(4-chlorophenyl)-4,4-dimethyl-2- (1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)pentan-3-ol (Paclobutrazol) (CAS No. 76738–62–0) and application adjuvants (provided for in subheading 3808.93.15) .......................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 882. PROSULFURON. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.93 Mixtures of N-[(4-methoxy-6-methyl-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl)carbamoyl]-2-(3,3,3-trifluoropro pyl)benzenesulfonamide (Prosulfuron) (CAS No. 94125–34–5) and application adjuvants (provided for in subheading 3808.93.15) ......................................................................................................... .............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 883. 1,1′-DIMETHYL-4,4′-BIPYRIDINIUM DI-CHLORIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.94 Mixtures of 1,1 ′-dimethyl-4,4′-bipyridinium dichloride (Paraquat Dichloride Technical) (CAS No. 1910–42–5) and 2-amino-4,5-dihydro-6-methyl-4-propyl-s-triazole-[1,5-a]pyrimidin-5-one (Emetic PP796) (CAS No. 27277–00–5) (provided for in subheading 3808.93.15) ............................................................................ ......... 4.6% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 884. ACIFLUORFEN MUP. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H283 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.09.95 Mixtures containing 5-(2-chloro-4-(trifluoromethyl)phenoxy)-2-nitrobenzoic acid (Acifluorfen MUP) (CAS No. 62476–59–9) (provided for in subheading 3808.93.15) ............................................................................ ......... 4.2% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 885. ASULAM SODIUM SALT FORMULATIONS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.96 Mixtures of methylsulfanilycarbamate, sodium salt (Asulam sodium salt) (CAS No. 2302–17–2) and appli-cation adjuvants (provided for in subheading 3808.93.15) ....................................................................... ......... 2.0% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 886. NAPROPAMIDE FORMULATIONS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.97 (RS)-N,N-Diethyl-2-(1-naphthyloxy)propionamide formulations (Napropamide) (CAS No. 15299–99–7) (pro-vided for in subheading 3808.93.15) ............................................................................................ ....................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 887. SULFOMETURON-METHYL FORMULA-TIONS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.98 Product mixtures containing methyl 2-{[(4,6-dimethyl-2- pyrimidinyl)carbamoyl]sulfamoyl γ benzoate (Sulfometuron-methyl) (CAS No. 74222–97–2) (provided for in subheading 3808.93.15) ................................. Free No chan ge No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 888. FORMULATED BENTAZONE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.99 Formulations of 3-isopropyl-1H-2,1,3-benzothiadiazin-4(3H)-one, 2,2-dioxide (Bentazone) (CAS No. 25057– 89–0) (provided for in subheading 3808.93.15) .................................................................................. ................ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 889. ISOXAFLUTOLE AND CYPROSULFAMIDE FORMULATIONS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.01 Mixtures containing 5-cyclopropyl-4-(2-mesyl-4-trifluoromethylbenzoyl)isoxazole (Isoxaflutole) (CAS No. 141112–29–0) and N-({4-[(cyclopropylamino)carbonyl]phenyl γsulfonyl)-2-methoxybenzamide (Cyprosulfamide) (CAS No. 221667–31–8) (provided for in subheading 3808.93.15) ....................................... 2.5% No ch ange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 890. ISOXADIFEN-ETHYL AND TEMBOTRIONE FORMULATIONS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.02 Product mixtures containing ethyl 5,5-diphenyl-4H-1,2-oxazole-3-carboxylate (Isoxadifen-ethyl) (CAS No. 163520–33–0) and 2-{2-chloro-4-(methylsulfonyl)-3-[(2,2,2-trifluoroethoxy)methyl]benzoyl γ-1 ,3- cyclohexanedione (Tembotrione) (CAS No. 335104–84–2) (provided for in subheading 3808.93.15) ................ 1.3% No change No c hange On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 891. MIXTURES OF RIMSULFURON. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.03 Mixtures of N-[[(4,6-dimethoxy-2-pyrimidinyl)amino]carbonyl]-3-(ethylsulfonyl)-2-pyrid inesulfonamide (Rimsulfuron) (CAS No. 122931–48–0) and application adjuvants (provided for in subheading 3808.93.15) Free No change No change O n or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 892. OSPREY XTRA HERBICIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH284 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.10.04 Product mixtures containing methyl 4-{[(3-methoxy-4-methyl-5-oxo-4,5-dihydro-1H-1,2,4-triazol-1- yl)carbonyl]s ulfamoylγ-5-methyl-3-thiophenecarboxylate (Thiencarbazone-methyl) (CAS No. 317815–83–1), methyl 2-{[(4,6-dimethoxy-2-pyrimidinyl)carbamoyl]sulfamoyl γ-4-{[(methylsulfonyl) amino]methylγbenzoate (Mesosulfuron-methyl) (CAS No. 208465–21–8) and diethyl 1-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-5-methyl-4,5-dihydro-1H- pyrazole-3,5-dicarboxylate (Mefenpyr-diethyl) (CAS No. 135590–91–9) (provided for in subheading 3808.93.15) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 893. TUPERSAN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.05 Mixtures of 1-(2-methylcyclohexyl)-3-phenylurea (Siduron) (CAS No. 1982–49–6) and inert ingredients (pro-vided for in subheading 3808.93.15) ............................................................................................ ....................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 894. SULFENTRAZONE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.06 Mixtures of N-{2,4-dichloro-5- [4-(difluoromethyl)-3-methyl-5- oxo-4,5-dihydro-1H-1,2,4- triazol-1-yl]phenyl γ methanesulfonamide (Sulfentrazone) (CAS No. 122836–35–5) and application adjuvants (provided for in subheading 3808.93.15) ......................................................................................................... .............................. 5.6% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 895. FORMULATED PYRITHIOBAC-SODIUM. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.07 Mixtures of sodium-2-chloro-6-[(4,6-dimethoxypyrimidin-2-yl)thio]benzoate (Pyrithiobac-sodium) (CAS No. 123343–16–8) and application adjuvants (provided for in subheading 3808.93.15) ....................................... 1.0% No ch ange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 896. TRIFLUSULFURON METHYL FORMU-LATED PRODUCTS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.08 Mixtures of methyl 2-[[[4-(dimethylamino)-6-(2,2,2-trifluoroethoxy)-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl]carbam oyl]sulfamoyl]- 3-methylbenzoate (CAS No. 126535–15–7) and application adjuvants (provided for in subheading 3808.93.15) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 897. INDAZAFLAM FORMULATIONS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.09 Mixtures containing N-[(1R,2S)-2,6-dimethyl-2,3-dihydro-1H-inden-1-yl]-6-[(1R)-1-fluoroethyl]- 1,3,5-tri-azine-2,4-diamine (Indazaflam) and application adjuvants (CAS No. 950782–86–2) (provided for in sub-heading 3808.93.15) ............................................................................................................ ................................. 5.6% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 898. HUSKIE COMPLETE HERBICIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.10 Mixtures containing (5-hydroxy-1,3-dimethyl-1H-pyrazol-4-yl)[2-(methylsulfonyl)-4-(trifluorome thyl)phenyl]methanone (Pyrasulfotole) (CAS No. 365400–11–9); 2,4-dibromo-6-cyanophenyl octanoate (Bromoxynil Octanoate) (CAS No. 1689–99–2); methyl 4-{[(3-methoxy-4-methyl-5-oxo-4,5-dihydro-1H-1,2,4- triazol-1-yl)carbonyl]s ulfamoylγ-5-methyl-3-thiophenecarboxylate (Thiencarbazone-Methyl) (CAS No. 317815–83–1); and diethyl 1-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-5-methyl-4,5-dihydro-1H-pyrazole-3,5-dicarboxylate (Mefenpyr-diethyl) (CAS No. 135590–91–9) (provided for in subheading 3808.93.15) ...................................... 3.6% No c hange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 899. TRIBUTE TOTAL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.11 Mixtures containing methyl 4-{[(3-methoxy-4-methyl-5-oxo-4,5-dihydro-1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)carbonyl]s ulfamoylγ-5-methyl-3-thiophenecarboxylate (Thiencarbazone-methyl) (CAS No. 317815–83–1); 2-{[(4,6- Dimethoxy-2-pyrimidinyl)carbamoyl]sulfamoyl γ-4-formamido-N,N-dime thylbenzamide (Foramsulfuron) (CAS No. 173159–57–4); and methyl 3-chloro-5-{[(4,6-dimethoxy-2-pyrimidinyl)carbamoyl]sulfamoyl γ-1-methyl-1H -pyrazole-4-carboxylate (Halosulfuron-methyl) (CAS No. 100784–20–1) and application adjuvants (provided for in subheading 3808.93.15). ................................................................................................. ........................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H285 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 900. ORTHOSULFAMURON. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.12 Mixtures of 1-(4,6-dimethoxypyrimidin-2-yl)-3-[2-dimethylcarbamoyl)phenylsulfamoyl]urea (Orthosulfamuron) (CAS No. 213464–77–8) and application adjuvants (provided for in subheading 3808.93.20) ........................ Free No change N o change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 901. FIPRONIL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.13 (RS)-5-Amino-1-[2,6-dichloro-4-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl]-4-(trifluoromethysulfinyl)-1H-pyrazole-3-ca rbonitrile (Fipronil) (CAS No. 120068–37–3) (provided for in subheading 3808.93.50) .................................................... Fre e No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 902. (2-CHLOROETHYL)TRIMETHYL (CYCOCEL PGR). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.14 (2-Chloroethyl)trimethylammonium chloride (CAS No. 999–81–5) (provided for in subheading 3808.93.50) ... Free No ch ange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 903. AVADEX MICROACTIV. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.15 Mixtures of S-(2,3,3-trichloro-2-propen-1-yl) diisopropylcarbamothioate (Triallate) (CAS No. 2303–17–5) (provided for in subheading 3808.93.50) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 904. BUCKLE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.16 Mixtures of S-(2,3,3-trichloro-2-propen-1-yl) diisopropylcarbamothioate (Triallate) (CAS No. 2303–17–5) and 2,6-dinitro-N,N-dipropyl-4-(trifluoromethyl)aniline (Trifluralin) (CAS No. 1582–09–8) (provided for in sub-heading 3808.93.50) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 905. FLAZASULFURON HERBICIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.17 Formulations of 1-(4,6-dimethoxypyrimidin-2-yl)-3-[3-(trifluoromethyl)pyridin-2-yl]sulfonylurea (Flazasulfuron) (CAS No. 104040–78–0) (provided for in subheading 3808.93.50) .................................................................. .. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 906. FOSAMINE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.18 Mixtures of ammonium ethyl carbamoylphosphonate (Fosamine-ammonium) (CAS No. 25954–13–6) and ap-plication adjuvants (provided for in subheading 3808.93.50) .................................................................... ........ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 907. PROPARGITE MIXTURES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.19 Mixtures containing 2-[4-(2-methyl-2-propanyl)phenoxy]cyclohexyl 2-propyn-1-yl sulfite (CAS No. 2312–35– 8) (Propargite) and application adjuvants (as provided for in subheading 3808.99.95) .................................. Free No c hange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 908. 5-AMINO-1,3-DIHYDRO-2H- BENZIMIDAZOL-2-ONE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.20 Preparations containing 5-amino-1,3-dihydro-2H-benzimidazol-2-one (CAS No. 95–23–8) (provided for in subheading 3809.91.00) ......................................................................................................... .............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH286 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 909. RICINOLEIC ACID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.21 Preparations containing 12-hydroxy-9-octadecenoic acid (Ricinoleic acid) of a kind used as a diluent in lu-bricants (CAS No. 141–22–0) (provided for in subheading 3811.21.00) ........................................................... 4 .8% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 910. LUBRICANT ADDITIVE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.22 Mixtures of hydrotreated neutral petroleum oils C
20-C50, of a kind used as viscosity improvers (CAS No. 72623–87–1) (provided for in subheading 3811.21.00). ........................................................................... ......... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 911. LUBRICATE ADDITIVE (IRGALUBE 353). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.23 Isobutyl 3-(diisobutoxy-thiophosphorylsulfanyl)-2-methyl-propanoate) (CAS No. 268567–32–4) (provided for in subheading 3811.29.00) ...................................................................................................... ............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 912. FUEL OIL ADDITIVE-COLD FLOW IM-PROVER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.24 Mixtures containing poly(ethylene-co-ethenyl acetate) of a kind used as fuel additives (CAS No. 24937–78– 8) (provided for in subheading 3811.90.00) ..................................................................................... ................... 0.7% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 913. LUBRICITY IMPROVER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.25 Mixtures of tall oil mono-, di-, and triglycerides of a kind used as lubricity improvers (CAS No. 97722–02– 6) (provided for in subheading 3811.90.00) ..................................................................................... ................... 2.8% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 914. RHENOGRAN CLD-80. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.26 Mixtures of caprolactam disulfide (CAS No. 23847–08–7) with an elastomer binder of ethylene-propylene- diene monomer and ethyl vinyl acetate, and dispersing agents (provided for in subheading 3812.10.50) ..... Free No change No chan ge On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 915. RHENOGRAN DIURON-80. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.27 Mixtures of 3-(3,4-dichlorophenyl)-1,1-dimethylurea (CAS No. 330–54–1) with acrylate rubber (provided for in subheading 3812.10.50) ...................................................................................................... ............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 916. RHENOGRAN GENIPLEX-70. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.28 Mixtures of zinc dicyanato diamine ((T-4)-diamminebis(cyanato- κN)-zinc) (CAS No. 122012–52–6) with an elastomer binder of ethylene-propylene-diene monomer and ethyl vinyl acetate, and dispersing agents (pro-vided for in subheading 3812.10.50) ............................................................................................ ....................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 917. DISFLAMOLL DPK. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.29 Plasticizers containing diphenyl cresyl phosphate (CAS No. 26444–49–5), triphenyl phosphate (CAS No. 115–86–6), tricresyl phosphate (CAS No. 1330–78–5), and phenyl dicresyl phosphate (CAS No. 26446–73– 1) (provided for in subheading 3812.20.10) ..................................................................................... ................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H287 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 918. MESAMOLL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.30 Mixtures of phenyl esters of C10-C18 alkylsulfonic acids (CAS No. 70775–94–9) (provided for in sub-heading 3812.20.10) ............................................................................................................ ................................. 3.2% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 919. VULKANOX ZMB2/C-5. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.31 Zinc 4-methyl-1H-benzimidazole-2-thiolate (CAS No. 61617–00–3) (provided for in subheading 3812.39.60) Free No ch ange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 920. ANTIOXIDIZING PREPARATIONS (IRGANOX 1141). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.32 2,4-Dimethyl-6-(1-methylpentadecyl)phenol (CAS No. 134701–20–5) (provided for in subheading 3812.39.60) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 921. HINDERED AMINE LIGHT STABILIZER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.33 1,3-Propanediamine, N,N ″ -1,2-ethanediylbis-, polymer with 2,4,6-trichloro-1,3,5-triazine,reaction products with N-butyl-2,2,6,6-tetramethyl-4-piperidinamine (CAS No. 136504–96–6) (provided for in subheading 3812.39.60) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 922. REACTION PRODUCTS OF PHOSPHORUS TRICHLORIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.34 Preparations containing tetrakis[2,4-bis(2-methyl-2-propanyl)phenyl] 4,4 ′-biphenyldiylbis(phosphonite) (CAS No. 119345–01–6) (provided for in subheading 3812.39.60) ....................................................................... ...... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 923. PHENOL, 4-METHYL-, REACTION PROD-UCTS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.35 4-Methylphenol - tricyclo[5.2.2.0
2,6]undecane (1:1) (CAS No. 68610–51–5) (provided for in subheading 3812.39.60) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 924. TRIAZINE DERIVATIVE (TINUVIN NOR 371 FF). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.36 1,6-Hexanediamine,N1,N6-bis(2,2,6,6-tetramethyl-4-piperidinyl)-, polymer with 2,4,6-trichloro-1,3,5-triazine, reaction products with 3-bromo-1-propene,N-butyl-1-butanamine and N-butyl-2,2,6,6-tetramethyl-4- piperidinamine, oxidized, hydrogenated (CAS No. 247243–62–5) (provided for in subheading 3812.39.90) .... Free No change No chang e On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 925. SYNTHETIC HYDROTALCITE COATED WITH STEARIC ACID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.37 Magnesium aluminum hydroxide carbonate (synthetic hydrotalcite) (CAS No. 11097–59–9) (provided for in subheading 2842.90.90); and magnesium aluminum hydroxide carbonate (synthetic hydrotalcite) (CAS No. 11097–59–9) coated with stearic acid (CAS No. 57–11–4) (provided for in subheading 3812.39.90) ............ Free No change No cha nge On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 926. POTASSIUM METHYLATE SOLUTION. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH288 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.10.38 Potassium methylate solution (CAS No. 865–33–8) (provided for in subheading 3815.90.50) ......................... F ree No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 927. COFLAKE HZ. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.39 Mixtures of polyethylene glycol (CAS No. 25322–68–3), (acetate) pentammine cobalt dinitrate (CAS No. 14854–63–8), and zinc carbonate (CAS No. 3486–35–9) (provided for in subheading 3815.90.50) ............... Free No change No cha nge On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 928. TEMPOSIL 45 SCORCH RETARDER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.40 Mixture of precipitated silica gel (CAS No. 112926–00–8) and (4-hydroxy-2,2,6,6-tetramethyl-1- piperidinyl)oxidanyl (CAS No. 2226–96–2) of a kind used as polymerization inhibitors (provided for in sub-heading 3815.90.50) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 929. PENTA AMINO ACETO NITRATE COBALT III. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.41 Mixtures of (acetato) pentammine cobalt dinitrate (CAS No. 14854–63–8) with a polymeric or paraffinic carrier (provided for in subheading 3815.90.50) ................................................................................ ................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 930. BRANCHED C24 BENZENE ALKYLATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.42 Branched chain C
24mixed alkylbenzenes (CAS No. 68081–77–6) (provided for in subheading 3817.00.15) .. 1.3% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 931. GLYCOL ESTER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.43 α-Hydro-ω-hydroxypoly(oxy-1,2-ethanediyl)borate (CAS No. 71243–41–9) (provided for in subheading 3819.00.00)] ................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 932. PALM FATTY ACID DISTILLATE (PFAD). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.44 Monocarboxylic fatty acids derived from palm oil (provided for in subheading 3823.19.20) ......................... ... 1.4% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 933. 9,11-OCTADECADIENOIC ACID (9Z,(TONALIN FFA80). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.45 Conjugated linoleic acids ((9Z,11E)-9,11-octadecadienoic acid and (10E,12Z)-10,12-octadecadienoic acid) (CAS Nos. 2540–56–9 and 2420–56–6) (provided for in subheading 3823.19.40) ........................................... Free No ch ange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 934. LAURYL-CETYL ALCOHOL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.46 Lauryl-cetyl alcohol (alcohol, C
12-C16) (CAS No. 68855–56–1) (provided for in subheading 3823.70.40) ....... 0.5% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 935. EMITTER SUSPENSION. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.47 Mixtures of barium carbonate (CAS No. 513–77–9), strontium carbonate (CAS No. 1633–05–2), calcium carbonate (CAS No. 471–34–1), and 1-methoxy-2-propanyl acetate (CAS No. 108–65–6), of a kind for use as emitter suspension cathode coating (provided for in subheading (3824.90.92) ........................................... Free N o change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H289 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 936. ORGANO-MODIFIED SILOXANES COM-BINED WITH SILICA. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.48 Mixtures containing 88 percent or more by weight of poly[oxy(dimethylsilanediyl)] bis[omega- butoxypoly(oxypropylene)] ether (CAS No. 67762–96–3), 8 percent or less by weight α-butyl-ω- hydroxylpoly(oxypropylene) (CAS No. 9003–13–8) and less than 4 percent by weight silica dimethylsilylate (CAS No. 68611–44–9) (provided for in subheading 3824.90.92) ................................................................... ... 0.1% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 937. AMINONITRILE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.49 Mixtures of 2-amino-2,3-dimethylbutanenitrile (CAS No. 13893–53–3) and toluene (provided for in sub-heading 3824.99.28) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 938. LIGHT STABILIZER/UV-ABSORBER FOR COATINGS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.50 Preparations based on N-(2-ethoxyphenyl)-N ′-[4-(10-methylundecyl)phenyl]ethanediamide (CAS No. 82493– 14–9) (provided for in subheading 3824.99.28) .................................................................................. ................ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 939. POLYMERIC ESTER BLEND. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.52 Mixtures of polymers based on tall oil fatty acids, phthalic anhydride, glycerin and rosin (CAS No. 68015– 39–4); poly(isobutyl vinyl ether) (CAS No. 9003–44–5); zinc 2-ethylhexanoate (CAS No. 136–53–8); and more than 50 percent by weight of a hydrocarbon-based solvent (provided for in subheading 3208.10.00) .. Free No change No change  On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 940. CE-1618BL METHYL PALMITATE/OLEATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.53 Mixtures of methyl esters of C
16-C18and C 18unsaturated fatty acids (CAS No. 67762–38–3) and methyl hexadecanoate (Methyl Palmitate) (CAS No. 112–39–0) (provided for in subheading 3824.99.41) derived from coconut, palm-kernel or palm oil, used other than as a fuel ............................................................... ..... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 941. N-PROPYLTHOPHOSPHORYL TRIAMIDE (NPPT). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.54 N-Propylphosphorothioic triamide (CAS No. 916809–14–8) (provided for in subheading 3824.99.92) ............. Free N o change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 942. IMINODISUCCINATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.55 Mixtures of sodium salts of iminodisuccinic acid (CAS No. 144538–83–0), whether or not in water (pro-vided for in subheading 3824.99.92) ............................................................................................ ....................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 943. BLEACHING ADDITIVE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.56 Mixtures of N,N ′-1,2-ethanediylbis(N-acetylacetamide) with organic binders (CAS No. 10543–57–4) (pro-vided for in subheading 3824.99.92) ............................................................................................ ....................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH290 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 944. MIXTURES OF C5-C18 PERFLUOROCARBON ALKANES, PERFLUOROCARBON AMINES, AND PERFLUOROCARBON ETHERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.57 Mixtures of C
5-C18perfluorocarbon alkanes, perfluorocarbon amines, and/or perfluorocarbon ethers (CAS No. 86508–42–1) (provided for in subheading 3824.99.92) ........................................................................ ....... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 945. CERTAIN SPECIALTY MONOMERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.58 Mixtures of 2-methyl-N-[2-(2-oxoimidazolidin-1-yl)ethyl]prop-2-enamide (CAS No. 3089–19–8), 2- methylprop-2-enoic acid (CAS No. 79–41–4), 1-(2-aminoethyl)imidazolidin-2-one (CAS No. 6281–42–1) and benzene-1,4-diol (CAS No. 123–31–9) (provided for in subheading 3824.99.92) .............................................. Free N o change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 946. SILICON DIOXIDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.59 Amorphous synthetic silica gel, silanized (CAS No. 112926–00–8) (provided for in subheading 3824.99.92 .. Free No c hange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 947. SODIUM ETHYLATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.60 Sodium ethylate (sodium ethanolate) (CAS No. 141–52–6), solution in ethanol (CAS No. 64–17–5) (provided for in subheading 3824.99.92) .................................................................................................. ........................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 948. ORGANO-MODIFIED SILOXANES COM-BINED WITH SILICA. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.61 Siloxanes and silicones, di-Me, polymers with Me silsesquioxanes and polypropylene glycol mono-Bu ether (CAS No. 68554–65–4), greater than 70 percent by weight, with less than 8 percent percent by weight siloxanes and silicones, di-Me, polymers with Me silsesquioxanes and polyethylene-polypropylene glycol mono-Bu ether, less than 8 percent by weight poly(oxy(methyl-1,2-ethanediyl)), α-butyl-ω hydroxyl (CAS No. 9003–13–8), less than 2 percent by weight oxirane, methyl-, polymer with oxirane, monobutylether (CAS No. 9038–95–3), less than 8 percent by weight silanamine, 1,1,1, trimethyl (CAS No. 68909–20–6), and less than 1 percent by weight silicon dioxide (CAS No. 7631–86–9) (provided for in subheading 3824.99.92) ..... Free No change No chan ge On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 949. SUCROSE STEARATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.62 1-O-Stearoyl- β-D-fructofuranosyl α-D-glucopyranoside (Sucrose stearate) (CAS No. 25168–73–4) (provided for in subheading 3824.99.92) .................................................................................................. ........................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 950. SYNTHETIC ACID WASHED BETA ZEO-LITE POWDER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.63 Acid washed beta zeolite powder composed of mixtures of aluminum, silicon and sodium oxides, tetraethylammonium-hydroxide, and organic compounds (CAS No. 1318–02–1) (provided for in subheading 3824.99.92) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 951. POLYMERS OF ETHYLENE, OTHER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.64 2-Propenoic acid, C
12-C14-alkyl esters, telomers with ethylene, 2-ethylhexyl acrylate, propanal and vinyl ac-etate (CAS No. 923958–45–6) (provided for in subheading 3901.90.90) .......................................................... Fr ee No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H291 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 952. MINERAL FILLED POLYPROPYLENE PELLETS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.65 Polypropylene in pellet form, containing 18 percent or more but not over 22 percent by weight of mineral filler (talc) (CAS No. 9003–07–0) (provided for in subheading 3902.10.00) ..................................................... F ree No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 953. POLYISOBUTYLENE: OTHER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.66 Poly(isobutylene) hydroformylation products, reaction products with ammonia (CAS No. 337367–30–3) (pro-vided for in subheading 3902.20.50) ............................................................................................ ....................... 5.0% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 954. POLYISOBUTYLENE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.67 Poly(2-methylpropene) (polyisobutylene), other than elastomeric (CAS No. 9003–27–4) (provided for in sub-heading 3902.20.50) ............................................................................................................ ................................. 5.1% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 955. PROPYLENE-ETHYLENE COPOLYMER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.68 Poly(propylene-co-ethylene) (CAS No. 9010–79–1) (provided for in subheading 3902.30.00) .......................... . 5.9% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 956. METHOXYSILANATED AMORPHOUS POLY ALPHA OLEFIN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.69 Silane, ethenyltrimethoxy-, reaction products with 1-butene-ethylene-propene polymer (CAS No. 832150–35– 3) (provided for in subheading 3902.30.00) ..................................................................................... ................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 957. AMORPHOUS ALPHA OLEFIN WITH HIGH SOFTENING POINT. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.70 Poly(propylene-co-1-butene-co-ethylene) (CAS No. 25895–47–0) (provided for in subheading 3902.30.00) .... Free No c hange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 958. POLYMETHYLPENTENE (PMP) POLYOLEFIN COPOLYMER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.71 C
12-C18alkenes, polymers with 4-methyl-1-pentene (CAS Nos. 25155–83–3, 81229–87–0 and 103908–22– 1) (provided for in subheading 3902.90.00) ..................................................................................... ................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 959. ALPHA-ALKENES (C20-C24) MALEIC ANHYD. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.72 alpha-Alkenes (C
20-C24) maleic anhydride-4-amino-2,2,6,6-tetramethylpiperidine, polymer (CAS No. 152261–33–1) (provided for in subheading 3902.90.00) ........................................................................... ........ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 960. NON-FUNCTIONALIZED POLYBUTADIENE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH292 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.10.73 Oligomeric poly(butadiene) (CAS No. 68441–52–1) (provided for in subheading 3902.90.00) .......................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 961. VINYLACETATE-VINYLCHLORIDE CO-POLYMER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.75 Poly(vinyl acetate-co-vinyl chloride) (CAS No. 9003–22–9) (provided for in subheading 3904.30.60) ............. Fre e No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 962. POLY(FUMARIC ACID-CO-VINYL ACE-TATE-CO-VINYL CHLORIDE). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.76 Poly(fumaric acid-co-vinyl acetate-co-vinyl chloride) (CAS No. 32650–26–3) (provided for in subheading 3904.30.60) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 963. VINYL CHLORIDE COPOLYMER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.77 Poly(dibutyl (2Z)-2-butenedioate-co-vinyl chloride-co-2-hydroxypropyl acrylate) (CAS No. 114653–42–8) (pro-vided for in subheading 3904.40.00) ............................................................................................ ....................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 964. VINYL CHLORIDE-HYDROXYPROPYL AC-RYLATE COPOLYMER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.78 Poly(vinyl chloride-co-hydroxypropyl acrylate) (CAS No. 53710–52–4) (provided for in subheading 3904.40.00) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 965. AQUIVION (ACID FORM) DISPERSION. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.79 Poly(1,1,2,2-tetrafluoro-2-[(trifluoroethenyl)oxy]ethanesulfonyl fluoride-co-tetrafluoroethylene) (CAS No. 1163733–25–2) (provided for in subheading 3904.69.50) .......................................................................... ....... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 966. AQUIVION (SO2F). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.80 Poly(1,1,2,2-tetrafluoro-2-[(trifluoroethenyl)oxy]ethanesulfonyl fluoride-co-tetrafluoroethylene) SO
2F form (CAS No. 69462–70–0) (provided for in subheading 3904.69.50) ........................................................................ ....... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 967. AQUIVION (LI SALT). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.81 Poly(1,1,2,2-tetrafluoro-2-[(trifluoroethenyl)oxy]ethanesulfonyl fluoride-co-tetrafluoroethylene) lithium salt (CAS No. 1687740–67–5) (provided for in subheading 3904.69.50) ................................................................. . Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 968. AQUIVION (NH4 SALT). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.82 Poly(1,1,2,2-tetrafluoro-2-[(trifluoroethenyl)oxy]ethanesulfonyl fluoride-co-tetrafluoroethylene) ammonium salt (CAS No. 1126091–34–6) (provided for in subheading 3904.69.50) ................................................................. . Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 969. SOLVENE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H293 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.10.83 1,1,2-Trifluoroethene - 1,1-difluoroethene (1:1) (Vinylidene fluoride-trifluoroethylene copolymer) (CAS No. 28960–88–5) (provided for in subheading 3904.69.50) ............................................................................ ......... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 970. SOLVENE T. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.84 Poly(1,1-difluoroethene-co-1-chloro-1,2,2-trifluoroethene-co-1,1,2-trifluoroethene) (CAS No. 81197–12–8) (provided for in subheading 3904.69.50) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 971. SOLVERA / FLUOROLINK PT5060. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.85 Mixtures of approximately 25 percent propanoic acid, 3-hydroxy-2-(hydroxymethyl)-2, methyl polymers with 5-isocyanato-1-(isocyanatomethyl)-1,3,3-trimethylcyclohexane and reduced methyl esters of reduced polym-erized, oxidized tetrafluoroethylene, compounds with trimethylamine (CAS No. 328389–91–9), less than 1 percent 2-propanol (CAS No. 67–63–0) and less than 1 percent 2-butanone (CAS No. 78–93–3), remaining content water (provided for in subheading 3904.69.50) .......................................................................... ........... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 972. GALDEN FLUIDS WITH BOILING POINTS ABOVE 170 DEGREES CELSIUS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.86 Perfluoropolymethylisopropyl ether having a boiling point above 170 degrees Celsius (CAS No. 69991–67–9) (provided for in subheading 3904.69.50) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 973. FOMBLIN W 500. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.87 Mixture of poly(1-[difluoro(trifluoromethoxy)methoxy]-1,1,2,2-tetrafluoro-2-(trifluor omethoxy)ethane) (CAS No. 69991–61–3) and perfluoropolymethylisopropyl ether (CAS No. 69991–67–9) (provided for in subheading 3904.69.50) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 974. FOMLBIN M AND Z LUBRICANTS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.88 1,1,2,2 Tetrafluoroethene, oxidized, polymerized (CAS No. 69991–61–3) (provided for in subheading 3904.69.50) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... 2.4% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 975. FOMBLIN MD GRADES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.89 Ethene, 1,1,2,2-tetrafluoro-, oxidized, polymerized, reduced, ethyl esters, reduced, N-[2-[(2-methyl-1-oxo-2- propen-1-yl) oxy] ethyl] carbamates (CAS No. 1385773–87–4) (provided for in subheading 3904.69.50) ....... Free No change No chan ge On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 976. FOMBLIN DA306. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.90 1-Propene, 1,1,2,3,3,3-Hexafluoro-, oxidzed, polymd., reduced, hydrolized reaction products with ammonia (CAS No. 370097–12–4) (provided for in subheading 3904.69.50) .................................................................. .. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 977. FOMBLIN DA 305, GALDEN MF310. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.91 1-Propene, 1,1,2,3,3,3-hexafluoro-, oxidized, polymerized, reduced, hydrolyzed (CAS No. 161075–14–5) (pro-vided for in subheading 3904.69.50) ............................................................................................ ....................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00119 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH294 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 978. FOMBLIN T4 AND FOMBLIN Z TETRAOL PRODUCTS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.92 Ethene, 1,1,2,2-tetrafluoro-, oxidized, polymerized, reduced, methyl esters, reduced, 2,3-dihydroxypropyl ethers (CAS No. 925918–64–5) (provided for in subheading 3904.69.50) ......................................................... Fr ee No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 979. FOMBLIN Z DOL AND FLUOROLINK D SERIES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.93 Polyperfluoroethoxymethoxydifluoroethyl polyethylene glycol ether (CAS No. 88645–29–8) (provided for in subheading 3904.69.50) ......................................................................................................... .............................. 2.1% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 980. FOMBLIN Z DEAL, FLUOROLINK L SE-RIES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.94 Methoxycarbonyl-terminated perfluorinated polyoxymethylene-polyoxyethylene (CAS No. 107852–49–3) (pro-vided for in subheading 3904.69.50) ............................................................................................ ....................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 981. FOMBLIN ETX, FLUOROLINK E SERIES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.95 Ethene, tetrafluoro, oxidized, polymerized, reduced, methyl esters, reduced, ethoxylated (CAS No. 162492– 15–1) (provided for in subheading 3904.69.50) .................................................................................. ................ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 982. TETRAETHYLENE GLYCOL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.96 Mixtures of 95 percent perfluoropolyether polyethoxy alcohol (CAS No. 1260733–08–1) and 5 percent 2,2 ′- [oxybis(2,1-ethanediyloxy)]diethanol (Tetraethylene glycol) (CAS No. 112–60–7) (provided for in subheading 3904.69.50) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 983. FLUOROLINK S10. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.97 1-Propamine, 3-(triethoxysilyl)-, reaction products with Etesters of reduced polymd. oxidized poly(tetrafluoroethylene) (CAS No. 223557–70–8) (provided for in subheading 3904.69.50) ............................ Free No chan ge No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 984. POLYVINYL ACETATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.98 Poly(vinyl acetate), of a kind used in food preparations (CAS No. 9003–20–7) (provided for in subheading 3905.19.00) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 985. VINYL ACETATE-ALKENEOIC ACID CO-POLYMER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.99 Poly(vinyl acetate-co-crotonic acid) (CAS No. 25609–89–6) (provided for in subheading 3905.19.00) ............ Free  No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 986. ETHYLENE-VINYL ACETATE COPOLY-MERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00120 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H295 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.11.01 Ethylene-vinyl acetate copolymers (other than those in aqueous dispersions), containing 50 percent or more by weight of vinyl acetate monomer (CAS No. 24937–78–8) (provided for in subheading 3905.29.00) .......... Free No change No chan ge On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 987. POLYVINYL FORMAL RESIN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.02 Polyvinyl formal resin (ethenol; [(ethenyloxy)methoxy]ethene (CAS Nos. 63450–15–7, 63148–64–1, and 9003–33–2) (provided for in subheading 3905.91.10) ............................................................................. .......... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 988. D-500. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.03 Aqueous mixtures of poly(vinyl alcohol) (CAS No. 110532–37–1) and poly(vinylpyrrolidone) (CAS No. 9003– 39–8) (provided for in subheading 3905.99.80) .................................................................................. ................ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 989. ACUSOL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.04 Poly(acrylic acid-co-(sodium 2-(acryloylamino)-2-methyl-1-propanesulfonate) sodium salt) (CAS No. 136903- 34-9) in granulated form (provided for in subheading 3906.90.50) ............................................................... ... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 990. POLYMERIC SULFONIC ACID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.05 Poly(ammonium acryloyldimethyl taurate-co-vinyl pyrrolidone) (CAS No. 335383–60–3) (provided for in sub-heading 3906.90.50) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 991. 2-PROPENOIC ACID, SODIUM SALT. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.06 Poly(acrylamide-co-sodium polyacrylate) (CAS No. 25085–02–3) (provided for in subheading 3906.90.50) .... Free No c hange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 992. POLY(BUTYL METHACRYLATE). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.07 Poly(butyl methacrylate-co-(2-dimethylaminoethyl) methacrylate-co-methyl methacrylate) 1:2:1 (CAS No. 24938–16–7) (provided for in subheading 3906.90.50) ............................................................................ ......... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 993. POLY(ETHYL ACRYLATE-CO-METHYL METHACRYLATE). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.08 Poly(ethyl acrylate-co-methyl methacrylate-co-trimethylammonioethyl methacrylate chloride) (CAS No. 33434–24–1) (provided for in subheading 3906.90.50) ............................................................................ ......... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 994. POLY(METHACRYLIC ACID-CO-METHYL METHACRYLATE) 1:1. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.09 Poly(methacrylic acid-co-methyl methacrylate) (CAS No. 25086–15–1) (provided for in subheading 3906.90.50) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 995. POLY(METHYL ACRYLATE-CO-METHYL METHACRYLATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00121 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH296 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.11.10 Poly(methyl acrylate-co-methyl methacrylate-co-methacrylic acid) 7:3:1 (CAS No. 26936–24–3) (provided for in subheading 3906.90.50) ...................................................................................................... ............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 996. ZEBA. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.11 Starch-g-poly (propenamide-co-2-propenoic acid) potassium salt (CAS No. 863132–14–3) (Zeba) (provided for in subheading 3906.90.50) .................................................................................................. ........................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 997. UV ABSORBER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.12 Mixtures of α-(3-(3-(2H-benzotriazol-2-yl)-5-(1,1-dimethylethyl)-4-hydroxyphenyl)-1-ox opropyl)- ω-hydroxy- poly(oxy-1,2-ethanediyl) (CAS No. 104810–48–2); α-(3-(3-(2H-benzotriazol-2-yl)-5-(1,1-dimethylethyl)-4- hydroxyphenyl)-1-ox opropyl)-ω-(3-(3-(2H-benzotriazol-2-yl)-5-(1,1-dimethylethyl)-4-hydroxyphe nyl)-1- oxopropoxy)-poly(oxy-1,2-ethanediyl) (CAS No. 104810–47–1); and polyethylene glycol (CAS No. 25322–68– 3) (provided for in subheading 3907.20.00) ..................................................................................... ................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 998. HIGH-PERFORMANCE DISPERSANT USED IN CONCRETE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.13 Oxirane, 2-methyl-, polymer with oxirane, monoether with 1,2-propanediol mono(2-methyl-2-propenoate) (CAS No. 220846–90–2) (provided for in subheading 3907.20.00) .................................................................. .. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 999. SOLVERA PT 5045, SOLVERA XPH723. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.14 Mixtures of approximately 20 percent or less diphosphoric acid, polymers with ethoxylated reduced methyl esters of reduced polymerized oxidized tetrafluoroethylene (CAS No. 200013–65–6) and less than 10 per-cent 2-(2-methoxypropoxy)-1-propanol (CAS No. 34590–94–8), remaining content is water (provided for in subheading 3907.20.00) ......................................................................................................... .............................. 0.3% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1000. HEAT-CURABLE EPOXY RESIN MIX-TURE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.15 Heat-curable epoxy resin mixture containing more than 30 percent by weight of 4,4 ′-(9H-fluorene-9,9- diyl)bis(2-chloroaniline) (CAS No. 107934–68–9) as a curing agent (provided for in subheading 3907.30.00) Free No change No cha nge On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1001. LIQUID RESIN KNOWN AS CHEMITYLENE OR TC-2. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.16 Mixtures of ethanaminium, 2-hydroxy-N-(2-hydroxyethyl)-N,N-dimethyl-, methyl sulfate (1:1), polymer with 2- (chloromethyl)oxirane, 1,3-diisocyanatomethylbenzene, a-hydro-w-hydroxypoly[oxy(methyl-1,2-ethanediyl)] and 1,2,3-propanetriol (CAS No. 82294–81–3); Phenol, 4,4 ′-(1-methylethylidene)bis-, polymer with 2- (chloromethyl)oxirane (CAS No. 25068–38–6); and Formamide, N,N-dimethyl-(CAS No. 68–12–2) (provided for in subheading 3907.30.00) .................................................................................................. ........................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1002. SORBITOL DIGLYCIDYL ETHER EPOX-IDE RESIN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.17 1,2-Bis-O-(2-oxiranylmethyl)-D-glucitol (CAS No. 68412–01–1) (provided for in subheading 3907.30.00) ...... Free No  change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1003. SULFONATED POLYETHYLENE TEREPHTHALATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00122 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H297 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.11.18 Sulfonated polyethylene terephthalate (CAS No. 63534–56–5) (provided for in subheading 3907.60.00) ........ Free No  change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1004. LINEAR HYDROXYL-TERMINATED ALI-PHATIC POLYCARB DIOL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.19 Poly(dimethyl carbonate-co-1,6-hexanediol) (CAS No. 101325–00–2) (provided for in subheading 3907.99.50) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1005. LINEAR ALIPHATIC POLYCARBONATE POLYESTER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.20 Dimethyl carbonate polymer with 1,6-hexanediol copolymer and 2-oxepanone (CAS No. 282534–15–0) (pro-vided for in subheading 3907.99.50) ............................................................................................ ....................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1006. HINDERED AMINE LIGHT STABILIZER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.21 Poly[(dimethyl butanedioate-co-1-(2-hydroxyethyl)-2,2,6,6-tetramethylpiperidin-4-ol)] (CAS No. 65447–77–0) (provided for in subheading 3907.99.50) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1007. POLYMER OF 1,4- BENZENEDICARBOXYLIC ACID WITH 1,4-BUTANEDIOL AND HEXANEDIOIC ACID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.23 Polymer of 1,4-benzenedicarboxylic acid with 1,4-butanediol and hexanedioic acid (CAS No. 60961–73–1) (provided for in subheading 3907.99.50) ........................................................................................ ..................... 1.6% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1008. 1,4-BENZENEDICARBOXYLIC ACID, POLYMER WITH 1,4 BUTANEDIOL AND DECANEDIOC ACID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.24 1,4-Benzenedicarboxylic acid, polymer with 1,4 butanediol and decanedioc acid (CAS No. 28205–74–5) (provided for in subheading 3907.99.50) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1009. 1,4-BENZENEDICARBOXYLIC ACID, POLYMER WITH 1,4-BUTANEDIOL, HEXANEDIOIC ACID AND NONANEDIOIC ACID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.26 1,4-Benzenedicarboxylic acid, polymer with 1,4-butanediol, hexanedioic acid and nonanedioic acid (CAS No. 83064–08–8) (provided for in subheading 3907.99.50) ............................................................................ ......... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1010. 1,4-BENZENEDICARBOXYLIC ACID, POLYMER WITH 1,4-BUTANEDIOL, DECANEDIOIC ACID AND HEXANEDIOIC ACID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.27 1,4-Benzenedicarboxylic acid, polymer with 1,4-butanediol, decanedioic acid and hexanedioic acid (CAS No. 109586–86–9) (provided for in subheading 3907.99.50) ........................................................................... ........ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1011. POLYESTER RESIN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00123 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH298 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.11.28 1,2-Benzenedicarboxylic acid, 3,4,5,6-tetrabromo-, polymer with 2-ethyl-2-(hydroxymethyl)-1,3-propanediol, hexanedioic acid, 2,2-((1-methylethylidene)bis(4,1-phenyleneoxymethylene))bis(oxirane) and 1,2-propanediol in toluene (CAS No. 68568–64–9) (provided for in subheading 3907.99.50) .................................................... Free  No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1012. 1,4-BENZENEDICARBOXYLIC ACID, POLYMER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.29 Poly(1,4-benzenedicarboxylic acid-co-1,4-butanediol-co-nonanedioic acid) (CAS No. 26590–80–7) (provided for in subheading 3907.99.50) .................................................................................................. ........................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1013. GRILAMID TR 90. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.30 Dodecanedioic acid, polymer with 4,4 ′-methylenebis(2- methylcyclohexanamine) (CAS No. 163800–66–6) (provided for in subheading 3908.10.00) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1014. ORGASOL POLYAMIDE POWDERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.31 Micro-porous, ultrafine, spherical polyamide powders of polyamide 6 (CAS No. 356040–79–4), polyamide-12 (CAS No. 338462–62–7) and polyamide 6, 12 (CAS No. 356040–89–6) (provided for in subheading 3908.10.00 or 3908.90.70) ...................................................................................................... ............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1015. GRILAMID TR 30. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.32 Poly{(azacyclotridecan-2-one)-co-(1,3-benzenedicarboxylic acid; 1,4-benzenedicarboxylic acid)-alt-(1,6- hexanediamine; 4,4′-methylenebis [cyclohexanamine]; 4,4 ′-methylenebis[2-methylcyclohexanamine]) γ (CAS No. 1030611–14–3) (provided for in subheading 3908.90.70) ...................................................................... ..... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1016. GRILAMID TR 60. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.33 Poly{(azacyclotridecan-2-one)-co-(1,3-benzenedicarboxylic acid; 1,4-benzenedicarboxylic acid)-alt-(4,4’- methylenebis[2-methylcyclohexanamine]) γ (CAS No. 62694–40–0) (provided for in subheading 3908.90.70) Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1017. METHYLENE DIANILINE 50. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.34 Mixtures containing 40 to 60 percent by weight formaldehyde polymers with aniline (CAS No. 25214–70–4) and 60 to 40 percent by weight 4,4’-methylenedianiline (CAS No. 101–77–9) (provided for in subheading 3909.39.00) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1018. PHENOL, 4-(1,1-DIMETHYLETHYL)- ,POLYMER WITH FORMALDEHYDE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.35 Poly(phenol-co-formaldehyde-co-4-(1,1-dimethylethyl)phenol) (CAS No. 28453–20–5) (provided for in sub-heading 3909.40.00) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1019. PHENOL, 4,4 ′-(1- METHYLETHYLIDINE)BIS-, POLYMER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.36 4-tert-Butylphenol; formaldehyde; 4-[2-(4-hydroxyphenyl)propyl]phenol (CAS No. 54579–44–1) (provided for in subheading 3909.40.00) ...................................................................................................... ............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00124 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H299 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 1020. FORMALDEHYDE - 1,3-BENZENEDIOL (1:1). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.37 Mixture of polymers of formaldehyde-1,3-benzenediol (1:1) (CAS No. 24969–11–7) and unreacted 1,3-Benz-enediol (CAS No. 108–46–3) (provided for in subheading 3909.40.00) ............................................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1021. POLYURETHANE HARDENER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.38 2-Oxepanone polymer with 1,4-butanediol and 5- isocyanato-1-(isocyanatomethyl)-1,3,3- trimethylcyclohexane, 2-ethyl-1-hexanol-blocked (CAS No. 189020–69–7) (provided for in subheading 3909.50.50) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1022. H12MDI BASED ALIPHATIC POLYISOCYANATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.39 Hexanedioic acid, dihydrazide, polymer with 5-amino-1,3,3-trimethylcyclohexanemethanamine, 1,3- butanediol and 1,1’-methylenebis[4-isocyanatocyclohexane], methyl ethyl ketone oxime- and polyethylene glycol mono-methyl ether-blocked in aqueous solution (CAS No. 200295–51–8) (provided for in subheading 3909.50.50) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1023. TDI BASED BLOCKED AROMATIC POLYISOCYANATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.40 Oxirane, 2-methyl-, polymer with oxirane, ether with 1,2,3-propanetriol (3:1), polymer with 2,4-diisocyanato- 1-methylbenzene and α-hydro-ω-hydroxypoly[oxy(methyl-1,2-ethanediyl)] ether with 2-ethyl-2- (hydroxymethyl)-1,3-propanediol (3:1), caprolactam-blocked (CAS No. 936346–53–1) (provided for in sub-heading 3909.50.50) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1024. SELF-CROSS LINKING, STOVING POLY-URETHANE RESIN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.41 1,3 Benzenedicarboxylic acid, polymer with 2-ethyl-2-(hydroxymethyl)-1,3-propanediol, hexanedioic acid, 1,6- hexanediol, 1,3-isobenzofurandione and 1,1 ′-methylenebis[4-isocyanatobenzene], di-ethyl malonate-blocked (CAS No. 200414–59–1) (provided for in subheading 3909.50.50) .................................................................. .. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1025. SILANE TERMINATED POLYURETHANE PREPOLYMER RESIN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.42 Poly[oxy(methyl-1,2-ethanediyl)], α-hydro-ω-hydroxy- and 5- isocyanato-1-(isocyanatomethyl)-1,3,3- trimethylcyclohexane (Isophorone diisocyanate) (CAS No. 1012318–97–6) (provided for in 3909.50.50) ......... Free No change No ch ange On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1026. HYDROGENATED POLYMERS OF NORBORNENE DERIVATIVES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.43 1,4:5,8-Dimethanonaphthalene, 2-ethylidene-1,2,3,4,4a,5,8,8a-octahydro-, polymer with 3a,4,7,7a- tetrahydro-4,7-methano-1H-indene, hydrogenated (CAS No. 881025–72–5), presented in pellet form (pro-vided for in subheading 3911.90.25) ............................................................................................ ....................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1027. POLYETHYLENEIMINE, REFRIGERATED IN CONTAINERS HOLDING NOT MORE THAN 1 LITER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00125 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH300 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.11.44 Polyethylenimine (CAS No. 9002–98–6), refrigerated, in containers not holding over 1 L (provided for in subheading 3911.90.25) ......................................................................................................... .............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1028. POLYETHYLENEIMINE, COMPONENTS FOR MANUFACTURING INTO MED-ICAL DEVICES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.45 Polyethylenimine (CAS No. 9002–98–6), of a kind used as a component for further manufacturing into a finished medical device (provided for in subheading 3911.90.25) ................................................................ ..... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1029. ALIPHATIC/AROMATIC POLYISOCYANATE COPOLYMER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.46 1,6-diisocyanatohexane; 2,4-diisocyanato-1-methylbenzene polymer (CAS No. 26426–91–5) in n-butyl ace-tate (provided for in subheading 3911.90.45) ................................................................................... .................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1030. TDI BASED AROMATIC POLYISOCYANATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.47 Poly(toluene diisocyanate) (CAS No. 26006–20–2) (provided for in subheading 3911.90.45) .......................... . Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1031. WATER DISPERSIBLE HDI BASED POLYISOCYANATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.48 Water-dispersible polyisocyanate products based on poly(hexamethylene diisocyanate) (CAS No. 28182–81– 2) and dimethyldicyclohexylamine compounds with 3-(cyclohexylamino)-1-propanesulfonic acid-poly(1,6- diisocyanatohexane) (CAS No. 666723–27–9) (provided for in subheading 3911.90.90) .................................. Free No chan ge No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1032. WATER DISPERSIBLE HDI BASED POLYISOCYANATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.49 Poly(1,6-diisocyanatohexane)-block-polyethylene-block-poly(1-butoxypropan-2-ol) (CAS No. 125252–47–3) (provided for in subheading 3911.90.90) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1033. IPDI BASED ALIPHATIC POLYISOCYANATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.50 N,N′,N″-[(2,4,6-Trioxo-1,3,5-triazine-1,3,5(2H,4H,6H)-triyl)tris[methylene(3,5,5-trimethyl-3,1-cyc lohexanediyl)]]tris[hexahydro-2-oxo-1H-azepine-1-carboxamide] (CAS No. 68975–83–7) in organic solvent (provided for in subheading 3911.90.90) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1034. HDI BASED ALIPHATIC POLYISOCYANATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.51 3,5-Dimethyl-1H-pyrazole-oligo(hexamethylene diisocyanate) in solvents (CAS No. 163206–31–3) (provided for in subheading 3911.90.90). ................................................................................................. ........................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1035. NOURYBOND 276 CURING AGENT. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00126 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H301 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.11.52 α-Alkenes, C 14-C20, polymers with maleic anhydride, 2-(1-piperazinyl) ethylimides, plasticized with diisononyl phthalate (CAS No. 28553–12–0) and bis(1-methylethyl)-naphthalene (CAS No. 38640–62–9) (provided for in subheading 3911.90.90) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1036. P84 POLYIMIDE POWDER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.53 2,4-Diisocyanato-1-methylbenzene; 5-(1,3-dioxo-2-benzofuran-5-carbonyl)-2-benzofuran-1,3-dione; 1- isocyanato-4-[(4-isocyanatophenyl)methyl]benzene (CAS No. 58698–66–1) (provided for in subheading 3911.90.90) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1037. MODIFIED ETHYLENE-NORBORNENE COPOLYMER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.54 Poly(ethylene-ran-(2-norbornene)) (CAS No. 26007–43–2), comprising 64 (plus or minus 3) percent by weight ethylene (CAS No. 74–85–1), having a glass transition temperature of 78 (plus or minus 4) °C, and containing not less than 3 percent by weight polyethylene (CAS No. 9002–88–4) (provided for in sub-heading 3911.90.90) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1038. 1,6-HEXANEDIAMINE,N-N ′-BIS(2,2,6,6- TET. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.55 1,6-Hexanediamine, N,N ′-bis(2,2,6,6-tetramethyl-4-piperidinyl)-polymer with 2,4,6-trichloro-1,3,5-triazine, re-action products with N-butyl-1-butanamine and N-buty-2,2,6,6-tetramethyl-4-piperidinamine (CAS No. 192268–64–7) (provided for in subheading 3911.90.90) ........................................................................... ........ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1039. AMBERLITE XAD4. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.56 Poly(divinylbenzene-co-ethylstyrene) (CAS No. 9043–77–0) (provided for in subheading 3911.90.90) ............. Free  No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1040. CERTAIN INDUSTRIAL NITROCELLU-LOSE, DAMPED WITH AN ALCOHOL CONTENT OF 28 TO 32 PERCENT. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.57 Industrial grade nitrocellulose, having a nitrogen content of less than 12.4 percent on a dry weight basis, damped with an alcohol content of 28 to 32 percent by weight (CAS No. 9004–70–0), presented in fiber drums each containing 85 kg, 100 kg, 110 kg or 120 kg of such nitrocellulose, the foregoing certified by the importer as made from at least 50 percent cotton linter or wood pulp and as having each such drum lined with an antistatic plastic bag and equipped with a coupling for mechanical unloading (provided for in subheading 3912.20.00) ...................................................................................................... ............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1041. CERTAIN INDUSTRIAL NITROCELLU-LOSE, DAMPED WITH AN ALCOHOL CONTENT OF 33 TO 37 PERCENT. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.58 Industrial grade nitrocellulose, having a nitrogen content of less than 12.4 percent on a dry weight basis, damped with an alcohol content of 33 to 37 percent by weight (CAS No. 9004–70–0), presented in fiber drums each containing 85 kg, 100 kg, 110 kg or 120 kg of such nitrocellulose, the foregoing certified by the importer as made from at least 80 percent cotton linters, wood pulp and ethanol, with such fiber drums each lined with an antistatic plastic bag and equipped with a coupling for mechanical unloading (provided for in subheading 3912.20.00) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1042. SODIUM ALGINATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.59 Sodium alginate (CAS No. 9005–38–3) (provided for in subheading 3913.10.00) ...................................... ...... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00127 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH302 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 1043. PROPYLENE GLYCOL ALGINATE (PGA). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.60 Propylene glycol alginates (CAS No. 9005–37–2) (provided for in subheading 3913.10.00) ........................... .. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1044. ALGINIC ACID AND OTHER ALGINATES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.61 Alginic acid (CAS No. 9005–32–7), ammonium alginate (CAS No. 9005–34–9), potassium alginate (CAS No. 9005–36–1), calcium alginate (CAS No. 9005–35–0) and magnesium alginate (CAS No. 37251–44–8) (pro-vided for in subheading 3913.10.00) ............................................................................................ ....................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1045. SODIUM ALGINATE CONTAINING CIT-RATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.62 Sodium alginate (CAS No. 9005–38–3) containing citrate (provided for in subheading 3913.10.00) .............. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1046. SODIUM HYALURONATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.63 Sodium hyaluronate (CAS No. 9067–32–7) (provided for in subheading 3913.90.20) ................................... .... 4.3% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1047. WEAK ACID CATION ION-EXCHANGE RESIN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.64 Ion-exchange resin, copolymerized from acrylonitrile with divinylbenzene, ethylvinylbenzene and 1,7-octa-diene, hydrolyzed (CAS No. 130353–60–5) (provided for in subheading 3914.00.60) ....................................... Free No c hange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1048. WEAK ACID MACROPOROUS CATION ION-EXCHANGE RESINS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.65 Ion-exchange resin consisting of poly(acrylic acid-co-2,2 ′-oxydiethanol-co-ethenoxyethene), acid form (CAS No. 359785–58–3) (provided for in subheading 3914.00.60) ....................................................................... ...... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1049. ION-EXCHANGE RESIN COMPRISED OF DIVINYLBENZENE CO-POLYMERIZED WITH STYRENE AND ETHYLSTYRENE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.66 Ion-exchange resin comprised of divinylbenzene co-polymerized with styrene and ethylstyrene (CAS No. 9052–95–3) in spherical beads with a mean particle size between 0.30 and 1.20 mm (provided for in sub-heading 3914.00.60) ............................................................................................................ ................................. 1.4% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1050. ION-EXCHANGE RESIN COMPRISED OF A COPOLYMER OF METHACRYLIC ACID CROSS-LINKED WITH DIVINYLBENZENE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.67 Ion-exchange resin comprised of a copolymer of methacrylic acid cross-linked with divinylbenzene, in the hydrogen ionic form (CAS No. 50602–21–6) (provided for in subheading 3914.00.60) .................................... Free No cha nge No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1051. ION-EXCHANGE RESIN UTILIZING A TYPE I QUATERNARY AMMONIUM FUNCTIONAL GROUP. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00128 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H303 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.11.68 Ion-exchange resin utilizing a type I quaternary ammonium functional group consisting of benzene (chloromethyl)ethenyl-, polymer with diethenylbenzene, compound with N,N-diethylethanamine (CAS No. 63453–90–7) in spherical beads with a mean particle size between 0.30 and 1.20 mm (provided for in subheading 3914.00.60) ......................................................................................................... .............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1052. ION-EXCHANGE RESIN, FREE BASE FORM. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.69 Ion-exchange resin, free base form, utilizing a tertiary amine functional group consisting of 2-propenamide, N-[3-(dimethylamino)propyl]-, polymer with diethenylbenzene and 1,1 ′-[oxybis(2,1-ethanediyloxy)]bis[ethene] (CAS No. 65899–87–8) in spherical beads with a mean particle size between 0.30 and 1.20 mm (provided for in subheading 3914.00.60) .................................................................................................. ........................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1053. ION-EXCHANGE RESIN, CHLORIDE FORM. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.70 Ion-exchange resin, chloride form, utilizing a quarternary ammonium functional group, consisting of 1,2- bis(ethenyl)benzene; 4-[(E)-2-[(E)-2-but-3-enoxyethenoxy]ethenoxy]but-1-ene; trimethyl-[3-(prop-2- enoylamino)propyl]azanium; chloride (CAS No. 65997–24–2) in spherical beads with a mean particle size between 0.30 and 1.20 mm (provided for in subheading 3914.00.60) .............................................................. F ree No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1054. AMBERLITE IRP69. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.71 Ion-exchange resin comprising sodium salts of sulfonated poly(divinylbenzene-co-ethylstyrene-co-styrene) (CAS No. 69011–22–9) (provided for in subheading 3914.00.60) ................................................................... ... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1055. ANION ION-EXCHANGE RESIN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.72 Anion ion-exchange resin, hydroxide form, chloromethylated, and 2-(dimethylamino)ethanol-quaternized hy-droxide of poly(divinylbenzene-co-styrene-co-ethylstyrene) (CAS No. 69011–16–1) in spherical beads with a mean particle size between 0.30 and 1.20 mm (provided for in subheading 3914.00.60) ............................... Free No chang e No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1056. AMBERLITE IRC748. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.73 Chloromethylated, trimethylamine-quaternized poly(divinylbenzene-co-styrene-co-ethylstyrene) (CAS No. 69011–19–4) (provided for in subheading 3914.00.60) ............................................................................ ......... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1057. DOWEX* MAC-3. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.74 Poly(divinylbenzene-co-acrylic acid) (CAS No. 9052–45–3) (provided for in subheading 3914.00.60) .............. Fre e No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1058. IMINIDIACETIC ACID ION-EXCHANGE RESIN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.75 Iminidiacetic acid ion-exchange resin (sodium 2,2 ′-[(4-vinylbenzyl)imino]diacetate - 1,4-divinylbenzene (2:1:1) (CAS No. 70660–50–3) in spherical beads with a mean particle size between 0.425 and 1.20 mm (provided for in subheading 3914.00.60) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1059. ION-EXCHANGE RESIN AND CHELATING RESIN WITH A ISOTHIOURONIUM FUNCTIONAL GROUP. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00129 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH304 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.11.76 Ion-exchange resin and chelating resin, with a isothiouronium functional group, iminodiacetic acid ion-ex-change resin (CAS No. 109945–55–3) in spherical beads with a mean particle size between 0.30 and 1.20 mm (provided for in subheading 3914.00.60) ..................................................................................... ................ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1060. ION-EXCHANGE RESIN AND CHELATING RESIN WITH AN AMINOPHOSPHORIC FUNCTIONAL GROUP. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.77 Ion-exchange resin and chelating resin with an aminophosphoric functional group, polystyrene resin with aminophosphonic acid groups (CAS No. 125935–42–4) in spherical beads with a mean particle size be-tween 0.30 and 1.20 mm (provided for in subheading 3914.00.60) ................................................................. . Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1061. AMBERLITE IRP88. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.78 Potassium methacrylate-divinylbenzene copolymer (Polacrilin potassium) (CAS No. 65405–55–2) (provided for in subheading 3914.00.60) .................................................................................................. ........................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1062. STRIPS OF 100 PERCENT EPTFE SEAL-ANT BETWEEN 3MM AND 30MM THICK. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.79 Strips wholly of expanded poly(tetrafluoroethylene) (PTFE) (CAS No. 9002–84–0), noncellular, with adhesive backing, of a thickness greater than 3 mm but not over 30 mm, presented rolled in spools, certified by the importer as having a tensile strength of 24.1 MPa (3,500 psi) or higher per American Society for Testing and Materials (ASTM) F-152 (provided for in subheading 3916.90.50) ............................................................. . Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1063. PLASTIC TUBES, NOT REINFORCED, POLYVINYL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.80 Insulated tubes of plastics, not reinforced, without fittings, presented in the form of hose, the foregoing tubes having polyethylene pipes inserted therein and suitable for use in hot water supply or heating sys-tems (provided for in subheading 3917.32.00) ................................................................................... ................ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1064. POLYETHYLENE MICRO-TUBES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.81 Polyethylene micro-tubes, having an interior diameter of 0.01 mm and wall thickness of 0.05 mm (provided for in subheading 3917.32.00) .................................................................................................. ........................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1065. PLASTIC, OTHER FITTINGS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.82 Plastic elbows, holding pins, bend supports, anchor clips, staples of a kind used in construction applica-tions (provided for in subheading 3917.40.00) .................................................................................. ................. 5.1% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1066. TRANSPARENT POLYPROPYLENE FLAT FILM. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.83 Transparent polypropylene coextruded flat film in rolls with a thickness between 162-198 μm and a width between 396-398 mm (provided for in subheading 3920.20.00) ..................................................................... ... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1067. ACRYLIC POLY METHACRYLATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00130 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H305 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.11.84 Sheets of plastics of poly(methyl methacrylate), noncellular and not reinforced, laminated, supported or similarly combined with other materials, not flexible, the foregoing of a kind used to produce counter tops or edging, cabinet tops, faces or edges for home or office furnishings (provided for in subheading 3920.51.50) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... 3.5% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1068. ACRYLIC FILMS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.85 Flexible film of acrylic polymers, other than poly(methyl methacrylate) (provided for in subheading 3920.59.10) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1069. SAFLEX. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.86 Poly(vinyl butyral) film (CAS No. 27360–07–2), certified by the importer to be used in aircraft (provided for in subheading 3920.91.00) ...................................................................................................... ............................. 3.7% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1070. REGEN CELLULOSE SHEETS FOR IN-DUSTRIAL SPONGES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.87 Sheets of regenerated cellulose, cellular, nonadhesive, rectangular in shape and measuring 750 mm or more but not over 885 mm in length, 765 mm or more but not over 885 mm in width and 0.9 mm or more but not over 1.9 mm in thickness (provided in for subheading 3921.14.00) .................................................... Fre e No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1071. EXPANDED PTFE SHEETS BETWEEN 1.6MM AND 3MM THICK FOR SEALANTS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.88 Expanded poly(tetrafluoroethylene) (PTFE) nonadhesive cellular sheets, of a thickness greater than 1.5 mm but not more than 3.0 mm, certified by the importer as having a tensile strength of at least 48.3 MPa (7,000 psi) per ASTM F-152 (CAS No. 9002–84–0) (provided for in subheading 3921.19.00) ......................... Free No change N o change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1072. EXPANDED PTFE SHEETS BETWEEN 3.1MM AND 6.00MM THICK FOR SEALANTS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.89 Expanded poly(tetrafluoroethylene) (PTFE) nonadhesive cellular sheets, of a thickness greater than 3.0 mm but not more than 6.0 mm, certified by the importer as having a tensile strength of at least 48.3 MPa (7,000 psi) per ASTM F-152 (CAS No. 9002–84–0) (provided for in subheading 3921.19.00) ......................... Free No change N o change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1073. THERMOPLASTIC CONTAINERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.90 Injection molded thermoplastic dental restorative product containers, designed for use in a dispensing sys-tem, each container with capacity not over 50 ml (provided for in subheading 3923.30.00) .......................... Free No chang e No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1074. PE PLUG CAP WITH HOLDING TOP AND INSERTING BOTTOM. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.91 Plug-type closures of polyethylene, suitable for use in capping specimen tubes and measuring 15 mm in length; each closure having an upper portion designed to extend beyond the specimen tube to permit hold-ing of the closure, such upper portion having a diameter of 15.5 mm and thickness of 3.3 mm and having a notched groove; with the bottom portion of such closure designed for insertion into a specimen tube hav-ing a diameter measuring approximately 11.7 mm; the foregoing closures certified by the importer as for use in an automated insertion system (provided for in subheading 3923.50.00) ............................................. Free N o change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00131 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH306 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 1075. THERMOPLASTIC CLOSURES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.92 Injection molded thermoplastic dental restorative product dispenser closures fitting containers with capac-ity less than or equal to 50 ml (provided for in subheading 3923.50.00) ........................................................ . 1.3% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1076. PLASTIC LIDS FOR FOOD STORAGE CONTAINERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.93 Plastic lids certified by the importer for use on food storage containers (provided for in 3923.50.00) ........... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1077. PLASTIC CAP FOR SQUEEZABLE SPORT WATER BOTTLE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.94 Plastic cap for sport water bottle of the squeezable type (provided for in 3923.50.00) ........................... ........ 0.5% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1078. SINGLE WRAPPED CUTLERY JOINED BY A SKEWER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.95 Cutlery of plastics, each piece individually wrapped in polypropylene film, presented with such wrapped cutlery joined together by skewers for ease of loading in a fully enclosed dispensing system (provided for in subheading 3924.10.40) ......................................................................................................... .............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1079. SET OF PLASTIC CUTLERY WRAPPED IN PAPER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.96 Cutlery of plastics, presented with quantities of identical cutlery items joined together by paper wrapping or paper banding designed for ease of loading in a fully enclosed dispensing system (provided for in sub-heading 3924.10.40) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1080. 98 PERCENT POLYPROPYLENE DISPOS-ABLE CUTLERY. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.97 Disposable cutlery of plastics, containing by weight over 96 percent of polypropylene, presented without being individually wrapped, grouped, banded or skewered for ease of loading in a fully enclosed dispensing system (provided for in subheading 3924.10.40) ................................................................................. ............... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1081. PLASTIC PET CRATE PAN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.98 Pans or inserts of plastics, of a type designed for pet crates of metal wire as inserts to create a solid in-terior surface (provided for in subheading 3924.90.56) ......................................................................... ............. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1082. PLASTIC ORNAMENTATION FOR AQUARIUMS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.99 Plastic ornamentation designed for aquariums that house fish, reptiles or small pets (provided for in sub-heading 3924.90.56) ............................................................................................................ ................................. 0.5% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1083. BOXING AND MIXED MARTIAL ARTS GLOVES OF PLASTIC. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00132 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H307 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.12.01 Boxing and mixed martial arts gloves of plastics (provided for in subheading 3926.20.30) ......................... ... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1084. PLASTIC HANDLES FOR COOLERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.02 Handles of plastics for coolers of heading 9403 (provided for in subheading 3926.30.10) .......................... ... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1085. BELTING FOR MACHINERY CON-TAINING TEXTILE COMPONENTS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.03 Belting, for machinery, of plastic, containing textile components, in which man-made or vegetable fiber do not predominate by weight over any other textile fiber, of a width exceeding 120 cm, but not more than 171 cm (provided for in subheading 3926.90.59) ................................................................................. .............. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1086. PLASTIC CLIP FASTENERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.04 Fasteners of nylon or of polypropylene, with a filament length of 6 mm or more but not over 127 mm, pre-sented on clips each holding the quantity of 25, 50 or 100 pieces, suitable for use in a mechanical at-taching device (provided for in subheading 3926.90.85) ......................................................................... ........... 4.4% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1087. GOLF BAG COMPONENT TOP BOTTOM DIVIDER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.05 Plastic components of a kind used as one-piece internal top and bottom dividers for golf bags (provided for in subheading 3926.90.99) .................................................................................................. ........................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1088. PLASTIC NON-SKID BASE RINGS FOR TOILET BRUSH CADDIES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.06 Vinyl rings, slitted on one side to attach to bottom of toilet brush caddies, valued no greater than $0.083 each (provided for in subheading 3926.90.99) ................................................................................... ................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1089. PLASTIC LIPS FOR DUST PANS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.07 Cut-to-shape pieces or profiles of polyvinyl chloride plastics, the foregoing designed to be attached to the edge of a dust pan tray having contact with the floor or other surface, rigid and flexible in form, each measuring 24.77 cm to 30 cm in length and 1.35 cm to 1.87 cm in width, valued not over $0.09 each (provided for in subheading 3926.90.99) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1090. QUICK CLAMPS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.08 Adjustable squeeze-trigger bar clamps of plastics (provided for in subheading 3926.90.99) ........................ .. 0.2% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1091. CERTAIN PLASTIC SMARTPHONE CASES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.09 Back-shell style smartphone cases of hard plastics, each incorporating flexible rubber over command but-tons and specially fitted rigid plastic clip with adjustable neoprene fabric armband (provided for in sub-heading 3926.90.99) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00133 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH308 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 1092. PLASTIC REUSABLE FREEZER PACKS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.10 Rectangular plastic block filled with a polymer based freezer gel, designed to attach to reusable food stor-age containers (provided for in 3926.90.99) .................................................................................... ................... 1.0% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1093. THREE-WAY CAMERA MOUNTS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.11 Accessories of plastics for cameras of subheading 8525.80.40, each incorporating a handheld camera grip, folding extension arms and a tripod screwed into the base of the handle the foregoing measuring between 50 and 53 cm when fully extended without the tripod, 62 to 65 cm when fully extended with the tripod and 18 to 21 cm when folded and collapsed (provided for in subheading 3926.90.99) .......................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1094. HEAD STRAPS AND QUICKCLIPS FOR CAMERAS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.12 Mounts of plastics, designed to secure cameras of subheading 8525.80.40 to a person’s head; each mount incorporating an adjustable head-strap designed to encircle the forehead, a strap designed to cross the top of the user’s head, a plastic mount designed to clip the camera to the head strap, a thumbscrew to allow the mounting of the camera and the adjustment of the viewing direction of the camera on a pivot (provided for in subheading 3926.90.99) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1095. BUOYANT PISTOL GRIP CAMERA MOUNTS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.13 Accessories of plastics, designed for use with cameras of subheading 8525.80.40; such goods measuring between 14 cm and 17 cm in length, buoyant in water, each incorporating a handle designed to allow a user to grip with the hand, an adjustable hand-strap and an adjustable thumb screw designed to permit mounting of the camera and adjusting the viewing angle of the camera on a pivot (provided for in sub-heading 3926.90.99) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1096. SUCTION CUP CAMERA MOUNTS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.14 Mounts of plastics, engineered to attach to cameras of subheading 8525.80.40; designed to attach to flat surfaces by means of a round suction cup measuring between 8 and 10 cm in diameter; each incor-porating x, y and z-directional pivots to adjust the camera’s viewpoint (provided for in subheading 3926.90.99) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1097. CAMERA MOUNTS DESIGNED TO HOLD 2 CAMERAS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.15 Camera mounts of plastics, designed to clamp to tubes measuring 10 to 23 mm, each mount designed to hold two cameras in such positions as to permit the user to take photos with immersive front-facing and rear-facing perspectives (provided for in subheading 3926.90.99) ............................................................... ..... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1098. FRAME MOUNTS FOR CAMERAS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.16 Mounting frame enclosures for digital still image video cameras of subheading 8525.80.40, incorporating openings for camera microSD, micro HDMI and USB ports, camera latching mechanism, and glass protec-tive screen (provided for in subheading 3926.90.99) ............................................................................ .............. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1099. LARGE TUBE MOUNTS FOR CAMERAS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00134 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H309 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.12.17 Camera mounts of plastics, engineered to operate with cameras of subheading 8525.80.40 and facilitate mounting of cameras onto tubes measuring 3.5 to 6.35 cm in diameter, the foregoing incorporating a base capable of rotating the camera 360 degrees on a plane (provided for in subheading 3926.90.99) ................ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1100. CIRCULAR ADHESIVE MOUNTS FOR CAMERAS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.18 Mounting frame enclosures of plastics, designed for digital still image video cameras of subheading 8525.80.40, the foregoing incorporating an adhesive circular base of a diameter of 15 cm (provided for in subheading 3926.90.99) ......................................................................................................... .............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1101. PLASTIC SCREEN PROTECTORS FOR CAMERAS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.19 Plastic screen protectors having dimensions not exceeding 40 mm by 60 mm but at least 35 mm by 50 mm for digital still image video cameras of 8525.80.40 (provided for in subheading 3926.90.99) ................ Free No change No  change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1102. REPLACEMENT DOOR HOUSINGS FOR CAMERAS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.20 Replacement doors of plastics, designed for use on waterproof camera housings (provided for in sub-heading 3926.90.99) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1103. REPLACEMENT CAMERA DOORS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.21 Replacement side doors of plastics, designed for housings for digital still image video cameras of sub-heading 8525.80.40 (provided for in subheading 3926.90.99) ..................................................................... ...... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1104. SEATPOST CAMERA MOUNTS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.22 Camera mounts of plastics, designed to attach cameras of subheading 8525.80.40 securely onto tubes measuring 9 to 35 mm in diameter, each incorporating a base capable of rotating the camera 360 degrees on a plane (provided for in subheading 3926.90.99) ............................................................................. ............. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1105. ADHESIVE CAMERA MOUNTS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.23 Camera mounts of plastics, designed to hold cameras of subheading 8525.80.40, each mount measuring 4 and 10 cm in length, 3 to 5 cm in width and less than 2 cm in height, incorporating adhesive pads to at-tach the mount to flat surfaces (provided for in subheading 3926.90.99) ........................................................ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1106. CAMERA SURFBOARD MOUNTS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.24 Camera mounts each designed to clip a camera of subheading 8525.80.40 to a surfboard, such mounts of plastics, designed to be inserted into a cross-sectional hole drilled into the surfboard and held thereto by screws (provided for in 3926.90.99) ............................................................................................ ........................ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1107. CAMERA TETHERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00135 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH310 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.12.25 Anchors suitable for use with cameras of subheading 8525.80.40, designed to be affixed to cameras by means of an adhesive, incorporating tethers that may be tied to the anchors (provided for in subheading 3926.90.99) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1108. FLEXIBLE CAMERA MOUNTINGS WITH-OUT CLAMPS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.26 Camera mounts of plastics, each with an elongated, segmented plastic neck composed of 6 to 8 ball joints, incorporating a base that clips into other types of mounts but not incorporating a clamp, engi-neered to mount cameras of subheading 8525.80.40 (provided for in subheading 3926.90.99) ...................... Free No change No  change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1109. ASSORTED PLASTIC CAMERA MOUNTS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.27 Sets each containing five camera mounts of plastics, designed for cameras of subheading 8525.80.40; such sets each containing mounts having various different profile configurations including but not limited to rectangular, curved or raised profiles (provided for in subheading 3926.90.99) .......................................... Free  No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1110. CAMERA MOUNTS FOR MUSICAL IN-STRUMENTS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.28 Camera mounts of plastics, designed for mounting cameras of subheading 8525.80.40 to musical instru-ments or microphone stands; each incorporating a spring-loaded clamp and a folding extension arm (pro-vided for in subheading 3926.90.99) ............................................................................................ ....................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1111. CONVEYOR BELTING OF VULCANIZED RUBBER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.29 Conveyor belting of vulcanized rubber, reinforced with textile components in which man-made fibers pre-dominate by weight over any other single textile fiber, of a width exceeding 120 cm but not over 171 cm (provided for in subheading 4010.12.50) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1112. AUTOMOTIVE GASKETS, WASHERS, AND OTHER SEALS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.30 Gaskets, washers and other seals, of vulcanized rubber other than hard rubber, of a kind in the automotive goods of chapter 87 (provided for in subheading 4016.93.10) .................................................................... ...... 2.4% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1113. RUBBER PET TOYS COVERED WITH FELT. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.31 Toys for pets made of noncellular vulcanized rubber, other than hard rubber, with felt textile covering, without holes (as provided under subheading 4016.99.20) ........................................................................ ........ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1114. CAMERA FLOTATION DEVICES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.32 Camera flotation devices of vulcanized rubber other than hard rubber, cellular rubber or natural rubber, such devices measuring 6 to 9 cm in length, 4 to 6 cm in width and 2 to 6 cm in depth; the foregoing whether designed to encase the camera or to be attached to the camera by means of an adhesive pad (provided for in subheading 4016.99.60) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1115. SMALL CAMERA FLOATATION DE-VICES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00136 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H311 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.12.33 Flotation devices of vulcanized rubber other than of hard rubber, designed for use with cameras of sub-heading 8525.80.40, such devices with length, width and height dimensions all smaller than 50 mm and either designed to encase the camera or to attach to the camera by an adhesive pad (provided for in 4016.99.60) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1116. CERTAIN HIGH-QUALITY BULL HIDES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.34 Whole, tanned bovine hides, full grain unsplit or grain splits, in the dry state, not further prepared after tanning or crusting, having a unit surface area of 5.11 m
2or more but not over 6.04 m2, certified by the importer for use in the production of upholstery (provided for in subheading 4104.41.50) .............................. Free No c hange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1117. LIFE JACKETS FOR PETS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.35 Life jackets designed for pets, such jackets of neoprene and ripstop fabrics and with attached reflectors and handles (provided for in subheading 4201.00.60) ............................................................................ ........... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1118. COLLAPSIBLE INSULATED FOOD AND BEVERAGE BAGS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.36 Insulated food and beverage bags, with outer surface of laminated woven polypropylene fabric, having an interior layer of metalized foil laminated to a film of expanded polyethylene foam measuring 2 mm or more in thickness; with maximum bag dimensions not exceeding 61 cm in height, 64 cm in width and 39 cm in depth; each with side and bottom gussets and a fold-over top closure secured to the bag by cut-to-length strips of hook and loop material; the foregoing with trim and handles of nonwoven polypropylene with snap closure and having polyvinyl chloride windows incorporated into two sides of each bag (provided for in subheading 4202.92.08) ......................................................................................................... .............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1119. DOLL DIAPER BAGS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.37 Doll diaper bags, with an outer surface of cotton textile material, each measuring not over 25 cm in width, 22 cm in height exclusive of handles and 10 cm in depth; such bags designed to hold and carry doll dia-pers and other doll-related accessories and having an attached flap designed to serve as a diaper chang-ing mat for dolls (provided for in subheading 4202.92.15) ...................................................................... .......... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1120. SLEEPING BAG STUFF SACKS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.38 Sleeping bag carrying bags (‘‘stuff sacks’’), of woven taffeta fabric of polyester with 160 or more but not over 210 thread count, formed from 22 or more but not over 112 decitex yarns; such bags or sacks each weighing 25 g/m
2or more but not over 250 g/m2, having a drawstring closure, measuring 77.5 cm or more but not over 127.7 cm in circumference, valued not over $2 each, not presented with or containing sleeping bags (provided for in subheading 4202.92.31) .......................................................................... ........... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1121. DOLL CARRIERS WITH WINDOWS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.39 Backpacks or totes, each with an outer surface of man-made fiber textile material, specially designed for carrying dolls and containing straps, sleeves, netting or other restraints specifically designed to hold a doll in place, incorporating one or more exterior windows through which a doll can be viewed (provided for in subheading 4202.92.31) ......................................................................................................... .............................. 4.0% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1122. DOLL CARRIERS WITHOUT WINDOWS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00137 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH312 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.12.40 Backpacks or totes, each with an outer surface of man-made fiber textile material, specially designed for carrying dolls and containing straps, sleeves, netting or other restraints specifically designed to hold a doll in place, not incorporating any exterior windows through which a doll can be viewed (provided for in sub-heading 4202.92.31) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1123. NONWOVEN POLYPROPYLENE BAGS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.41 Shopping bags with outer surface of spun-bonded fabric of polypropylene or nonwoven fabric of poly-propylene (provided for in subheading 4202.92.31) .............................................................................. .............. 16.5% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1124. NOVELTY BACKPACKS WITH DECORA-TIVE PLASTIC SHELLS IN THE SHAPE OF A SHIELD. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.42 Backpacks of man-made fibers, each containing a padded compartment designed for a laptop or tablet, with hard molded plastic shell in the shape of a shield on one outer surface (provided for in subheading 4202.92.31) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1125. NOVELTY BACKPACKS WITH DECORA-TIVE PLASTIC SHELLS IN THE SHAPE OF ANIMALS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.43 Backpacks of man-made fibers, each containing a padded compartment designed for a laptop or tablet, with hard molded plastic shell in the shape of one or more animals or animal parts on one outer surface (provided for in subheading 4202.92.31) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1126. OTHER NOVELTY BACKPACKS WITH DECORATIVE PLASTIC SHELLS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.44 Backpacks of man-made fibers, each containing a padded compartment designed for a laptop ortablet, with hard molded plastic shell in a shape other than a shield or animals or animal parts on one outer surface (provided for in subheading 4202.92.31) ................................................................................ ............... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1127. BACKPACKS WITH REMOVABLE POUCHES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.45 Backpacks with outer surface of 230 decitex fabric of nylon and with laminated polyester knitted backing inner surface; such backpacks each weighing 0.85 kg but not over 1 kg, measuring 0.018 m
3but not over 0.022 m
3in volume; valued $14 or more but not over $21 each; the foregoing each presented with a de-tachable front pouch having its own shoulder strap (provided for in subheading 4202.92.31) ....................... Free No change  No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1128. BINOCULAR CARRYING CASES, VAL-UED $20 OR OVER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.46 Binocular carrying cases with outer surface of camouflage-printed woven fabric of man-made fibers coated with plastics, each with a padded interior and both a zipper and magnetic closures, designed to be carried on the front side of the body and supported by shoulder straps stabilized with a back harness, weighing no more than 382.544 g, valued $20 or more (provided for in subheading 4202.92.91) ................................. Free No chan ge No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1129. BAGS DESIGNED FOR JANITORIAL CARTS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.47 Bags of man-made fibers, with outer surface of textile materials, the foregoing designed for use on jani-torial, cleaning and housekeeping carts (provided for in subheading 4202.92.91) ........................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00138 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H313 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 1130. SETS OF 5 DRAWSTRING BAGS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.48 Drawstring bags with outer surface of sheeting of plastic or of textile materials, such bags of nylon, pre-sented packaged in sets of 5 bags per set and labeled for retail sale, each bag with capacity of less than 1 liter in volume (provided for in subheading 4202.92.91) ...................................................................... .......... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1131. CERTAIN CASES FOR ELECTRONIC GAMES OR ACCESSORIES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.49 Cases or containers with outer surface of sheeting of plastics or of man-made fibers, the foregoing spe-cially shaped or fitted for, and with labeling, logo or other descriptive information on the exterior of the case or container or retail packaging indicating its intention to be used for, electronic games of heading 9504 or accessories thereof (provided for in subheadings 4202.92.91 and 4202.92.97) .................................. Free No ch ange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1132. PLASTIC PET CARRIERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.50 Carrying cases of hard plastics, each with handle and door of plastics and with no door of metal, the fore-going designed for use for reptiles or amphibians and not for the housing or transport of mammals, meas-uring not over 381 mm on any side (provided for in subheading 4202.99.90) ................................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1133. CAMERA DIVE HOUSINGS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.51 Camera cases of transparent polycarbonate plastics, designed to encase cameras of subheading 8525.80.40; each incorporating buttons for the operation of the camera, an opaque plastic base that clips into a camera mount, a thumb-screw on the base mount that allows for adjustment of the camera viewing angle on a pivot, a silicon gasket in the door of the case that allows for waterproof operation of the cam-era at a depth of more than 40 m but not more than 60 m, a flat and optically-coated glass lens and a heat sink to dissipate camera heat (provided for in subheading 4202.99.90) .................................................. Fre e No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1134. CAMERA WRIST HOUSINGS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.52 Cases of clear polycarbonate plastics, designed for use with cameras of subheading 8525.80.40 to affix camera to the user’s wrist; such housings waterproof at a depth up to 60 m, each incorporating buttons for operation of the camera, a silicon gasket designed for waterproofing, a flat and optically-coated glass lens, an aluminum heat sink and adjustable neoprene/hook and loop closures on its wrist straps (provided for in subheading 4202.99.90) .................................................................................................. ........................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1135. PLASTIC CASES FOR ELECTRONIC GAMES OR ACCESSORIES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.53 Cases or containers of injection-molded acrylonitrile-butadiene-styrene (ABS), polypropylene (PP) or polycarbonate (PC) plastics, the foregoing specially shaped or fitted for, and with labeling, logo or other descriptive information on the exterior of the case or container, its zipper pull or its retail packaging indi-cating such cases are designed for use as holders for electronic games of subheading 9504 or accessories thereof (provided for in subheading 4202.99.90) ................................................................................ ................ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1136. CAMERA HOUSINGS FOR WATERPROOF OPERATION NOT BELOW 40M. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.54 Camera cases with outer surface of transparent molded polycarbonate plastics, designed for cameras of subheading 8525.80.40; the foregoing each incorporating buttons for the operation of the camera, an opaque plastic base that clips into a camera mount, a thumb-screw on the base mount that allows for adjustment of the camera viewing angle on a pivot, a silicon gasket in the door of the case that allows for waterproof operation of the camera at a depth of not more than 40 m, a flat, optically-coated, glass lens and a heat sink to dissipate camera heat (provided for in subheading 4202.99.90) ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00139 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH314 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 1137. SKELETON CAMERA HOUSINGS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.55 Camera cases of molded polycarbonate plastics, such cases designed to hold cameras of subheading 8525.80.40, each case incorporating buttons for the operation of the camera, a plastic clip attached to a base mount, a thumb-screw on the base mount that allows adjustment of the viewing angle on a pivot, a flat and optically-coated glass lens and open spaces that allow air and sound to enter (provided for in subheading 4202.99.90) ......................................................................................................... .............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1138. OPAQUE CAMERA HOUSINGS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.56 Camera cases designed to contain cameras of subheading 8525.80.40; such cases of opaque molded polycarbonate plastics in a solid color and with nonreflective surface; each incorporating buttons for the operation of the camera, a plastic clip attached to a base mount, a thumb-screw on the base mount de-signed to facilitate the adjustment of its viewing angle on a pivot, a silicon gasket in the door of the housing designed to allow for waterproof operation of the camera at a depth of more than 40 m but not more than 60 m; each incorporating a flat, optically-coated glass lens and a heat sink to dissipate camera heat (provided for in subheading 4202.99.90) ................................................................................... ................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1139. WOMEN’S LEATHER JACKETS WITH NO CLOSURE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.57 Women’s leather jackets, other than anoraks, each having a full frontal opening with no closure, of waist- length and valued not over $125 (provided for in subheading 4203.10.40) ...................................................... Fr ee No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1140. BATTING GLOVES OF LEATHER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.58 Batting gloves of leather, each having a strap designed to wrap around the wrist and back of the hand and secure the glove on the wearer’s wrist (provided for in subheading 4203.21.20) ..................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1141. LEATHER GLOVES WITH FLIP MITTS FOR HUNTING. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.59 Full-fingered gloves, each with a palm side of leather and a back side comprising a camouflage-printed knitted fabric wholly of polyester and coated with expanded polytetrafluoroethylene (EPTFE), such gloves with insulation comprising 40 percent by weight of synthetic microfiber and 60 percent by weight of duck down; each having a mitt sewn to the back of the glove as a flap, with leather tips for each finger and thumb designed to improve grip, such mitt designed to cover the fingers for additional warmth; the fore-going gloves designed for use in the sport of hunting (provided for in subheading 4203.21.80) .................... Free No change  No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1142. BOXING AND MIXED MARTIAL ARTS GLOVES OF LEATHER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.60 Boxing and mixed martial arts gloves, of leather or of composition leather (provided for in subheading 4203.21.80) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1143. LEATHER GLOVES WITH FOURCHETTES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00140 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H315 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.12.61 Gloves of horsehide or cowhide (except calfskin) leather, not specially designed for use in sports, not whol-ly of leather, the foregoing with fourchettes or sidewalls which, at a minimum, extend from fingertip to fin-gertip between each of the four fingers (provided for in subheading 4203.29.15) ........................................... 9.2% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1144. LEATHER GLOVES WITHOUT FOURCHETTES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.62 Gloves of horsehide or cowhide (except calfskin) leather, not specially designed for use in sports, not whol-ly of leather, such gloves without fourchettes or sidewalls (provided for in subheading 4203.29.18) ............. 13.4% No change  No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1145. MEN’S LEATHER GLOVES VALUED AT $18 OR MORE PER PAIR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.63 Men’s full-fingered gloves with a palm side of leather and a backside of woven fabric comprising 89 per-cent or more but not over 95 percent by weight of man-made fibers and 5 percent or more but not over 11 percent by weight of elastomeric fibers, such fabric coated with plastics; such gloves stuffed with syn-thetic microfiber for thermal insulation, with elasticized wrist and valued at $18 or more per pair; the fore-going other than gloves specially designed for use in sports (provided for in subheading 4203.29.30) ......... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1146. WOMEN’S LEATHER BELTS VALUED AT $7 OR MORE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.64 Women’s belts of leather or of composition leather, each valued at $7.00 or more (provided for in sub-heading 4203.30.00) ............................................................................................................ ................................. 2.5% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1147. BELTS OF FURSKIN, NOT MINK. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.65 Belts of furskin, other than of mink (provided for in subheading 4303.10.00) ..................................... ............ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1148. WOVEN BAMBOO PRODUCTS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.66 Plaiting materials and products of plaiting materials, suitable for use in window shades, presented in rolls each having an area measuring 27.85 m
2or more but not over 46.46 m2, of bamboo reeds and/or bamboo slats each measuring 1 mm or more but not over 13 mm in width and/or bamboo cane measuring over 2 mm but not over 5 mm in cross section, the foregoing woven with yarn of polyester into a repeating pat-tern, such pattern whether or not including grass, paper strips or jute (provided for in subheading 4601.92.20) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1149. WOVEN WOOD PRODUCTS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.67 Plaiting materials and products of plaiting materials, of wood, suitable for use in window shades, pre-sented in rolls each having an area measuring over 27.85 m
2but less than 46.46 m2, containing any combination of wood slats each measuring 6 mm or more but not over 8 mm in width or 22 mm or more but not over 25 mm in width and measuring 1 mm or more but not over 2 mm in thickness, bamboo reeds measuring 1 mm or more but not over 2.5 mm in width, marupa wood rods measuring 1.5 mm or more but not over 3 mm in diameter and/or paper rope, the foregoing woven with yarns of polyester into a re-peating pattern, whether or not such pattern also contains jute or paper (provided for in subheading 4601.94.20) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1150. FLATGOODS WITH OR WITHOUT STRAPS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.68 Flatgoods of rattan, of a kind normally carried in the pocket or in the handbag, with or without shoulder straps or handles (provided for in subheading 4602.12.23) ...................................................................... ......... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00141 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH316 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 1151. CASHMERE, NOT CARDED OR COMBED. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.69 Fine animal hair of Kashmir (cashmere) goats, processed beyond the degreased or carbonized condition (provided for in subheading 5102.11.90) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1152. CAMEL HAIR, NOT CARDED OR COMBED. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.70 Camel hair, not processed in any manner beyond the degreased or carbonized condition (provided for in subheading 5102.19.20) ......................................................................................................... .............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1153. CAMEL HAIR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.71 Camel hair, processed beyond the carbonized condition (provided for in subheading 5102.19.90) .................. Fr ee No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1154. NOILS OF CAMEL HAIR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.72 Noils of camel hair (provided for in subheading 5103.10.00) ...................................................... ...................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1155. CASHMERE, CARDED OR COMBED. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.73 Fine animal hair of Kashmir (cashmere) goats, carded or combed (provided for in subheading 5105.31.00) Free No ch ange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1156. CAMEL HAIR, CARDED OR COMBED. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.74 Camel hair, carded or combed (provided for in subheading 5105.39.00) ............................................. ............. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1157. YARN OF CARDED CASHMERE, WITH A YARN COUNT OF 19.35 METRIC OR HIGHER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.75 Yarn of carded hair of Kashmir (cashmere) goats, having a yarn count of 19.35 metric or higher (provided for in subheading 5108.10.80) .................................................................................................. ........................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1158. YARN OF CARDED CASHMERE, WITH A YARN COUNT OF LESS THAN 19.35 METRIC. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.76 Yarn of carded hair of Kashmir (cashmere) goats, having a yarn count less than 19.35 metric, not put up for retail sale (provided for in subheading 5108.10.80) ........................................................................ ............. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1159. YARN OF CARDED CAMEL HAIR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.77 Yarn of carded camel hair (provided for in subheading 5108.10.80) ................................................ ................ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00142 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H317 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 1160. YARN OF COMBED CASHMERE OR YARN OF CAMEL HAIR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.78 Yarn of combed cashmere or yarn of camel hair, not put up for retail sale (provided for in subheading 5108.20.80) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1161. WOVEN FABRIC OF CARDED VICUNA HAIR OF A WEIGHT NOT EXCEEDING 300 G/M
2. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.79 Woven fabrics of carded vicuna hair, containing 85 percent or more by weight of vicuna hair and of a weight not exceeding 300 g/m
2(provided for in subheading 5111.11.70) ........................................................ Free No change No change On or b efore 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1162. WOVEN FABRIC OF CARDED VICUNA HAIR OF A WEIGHT EXCEEDING 300 G/M
2. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.80 Woven fabrics of carded vicuna hair, containing 85 percent or more by weight of vicuna hair and of a weight exceeding 300 g/m
2(provided for in subheading 5111.19.60) ............................................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1163. WOVEN FABRIC OF COMBED VICUNA HAIR OF A WEIGHT NOT EXCEEDING 200 G/M
2. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.81 Woven fabrics of combed vicuna hair, such fabrics containing 85 percent or more by weight of vicuna hair, of a weight not exceeding 200 g/m
2(provided for in subheading 5112.11.60) ................................................ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1164. WOVEN FABRIC OF COMBED VICUNA HAIR OF A WEIGHT EXCEEDING 200 G/M
2. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.82 Woven fabrics of combed vicuna hair, such fabrics containing 85 percent or more by weight of vicuna hair and of a weight exceeding 200 g/m
2(provided for in subheading 5112.19.95) ............................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1165. PRODUCTION ROLL BLEACHED WOVEN COTTON GAUZE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.83 Woven fabrics of cotton, bleached, of yarn numbers 43 to 68, put up in continuous rolls measuring 74 cm or more but not over 184 cm in width and 1640 m or more but not over 6500 m in length (provided for in subheading 5208.21.40) ......................................................................................................... .............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1166. BLEACHED PIQUE FABRIC. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.84 Woven fabrics of cotton, containing more than 50 percent but less than 85 percent by weight of cotton and containing polyester, bleached, pique weave, measuring 290 cm or greater in width (provided for in sub-heading 5211.20.29) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1167. DYED PIQUE FABRIC. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.85 Woven fabrics of cotton, containing over 50 percent but less than 85 percent by weight of cotton and con-taining polyester, dyed, pique weave, measuring 290 cm or greater in width (provided for in subheading 5211.39.00) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00143 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH318 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 1168. 50D NYLON. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.86 Monofilament yarn of nylon, of 53 decitex or more but not over 58 decitex, with no cross-sectional dimen-sion exceeding 1 mm; untwisted or with twist of fewer than 5 turns/m, not put up for retail sale, fully ori-ented; the foregoing with consistent diameter to be suitable for silk-screening (provided for in subheading 5402.45.90) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1169. UNTWISTED FILAMENT POLYVINYL AL-COHOL YARN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.87 Synthetic (polyvinyl alcohol) filament yarn, untwisted, measuring from 1100 to 1330 decitex (dtex) and con-sisting of 200 filaments, certified by the importer as having from 6.8 to 8.2 cN/dtex tenacity and with elongation at break from 7.7 to 13.5 percent (provided for in subheading 5402.49.91) .................................. Free No c hange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1170. GRILON YARN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.88 Synthetic filament yarn (other than sewing thread) not put up for retail sale, single, with a twist exceeding 50 turns/m, of nylon or other polyamides, measuring 23 or more but not over 840 decitex, each formed from 4 to 68 filaments and containing 10 percent or more by weight of nylon 12 (provided for in sub-heading 5402.51.00) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1171. HIGH TENACITY SINGLE RAYON YARN WITH A DECITEX EQUAL TO OR GREATER THAN 1,000. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.89 High tenacity single yarn of viscose rayon, with a decitex equal to or greater than 1,000, the foregoing not put up for retail sale and other than sewing thread (provided for in subheading 5403.10.30) ....................... Free No chang e No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1172. HIGH TENACITY SINGLE RAYON YARN WITH A DECITEX LESS THAN 1,000. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.90 High tenacity single yarn of viscose rayon, with a decitex less than 1,000 (provided for in subheading 5403.10.30) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1173. HIGH TENACITY MULTIPLE OR CABLED RAYON YARN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.91 High tenacity multiple (folded) or cabled yarn of viscose rayon (provided for in subheading 5403.10.60) ..... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1174. SINGLE YARN OF VISCOSE RAYON. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.92 Single filament yarn of viscose rayon (other than sewing thread), not put up for retail sale, untwisted or with a twist not exceeding 120 turns per meter (provided for in subheading 5403.31.00) .............................. Free No cha nge No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1175. TWISTED YARN OF VISCOSE RAYON. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00144 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H319 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.12.93 Single filament yarn of viscose rayon, with a twist exceeding 120 turns/m (provided for in subheading 5403.32.00) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1176. POLYPROPYLENE (PP) MONOFILAMENT. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.94 Synthetic monofilament of polypropylene, of 67 decitex or more and of which no cross-sectional dimension exceeds 1 mm (provided for in subheading 5404.19.80) ........................................................................... ......... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1177. NYLON MONOFILAMENT THREAD. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.95 Monofilament of nylon, of 67 decitex or more and with no cross-sectional dimension exceeding 1 mm, the foregoing without consistent diameter (provided for in subheading 5404.19.80) .............................................. Free  No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1178. 80D NYLON. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.96 Monofilament of nylon, of 67 decitex or more and of which no cross-sectional dimension exceeds 1 mm; designed with consistent diameter to be suitable for silk-screening (provided for in subheading 5404.19.80) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1179. ELASTIC, WATER-REPELLENT WOVEN POLYESTER FABRIC. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.97 Fabrics containing 85 percent or more by weight of textured polyester filaments, plain woven, of yarns of different colors, weighing 96 g/m
2or more but less than 170 g/m2, measuring 142.2 cm or more in width; such fabric with weft yarns of polybutylene terephthalate (PBT) giving the fabric sideways stretch, with 31 or more but not over 36 single yarns per cm dyed light beige in the warp and 14 or more but not over 18 single yarns per cm dyed light brown in the weft (provided for in subheading 5407.53.20) ........................... Free No chan ge No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1180. ACRYLIC FIBER TOW WITH AN AVER-AGE DECITEX OF BETWEEN 2 AND 5. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.98 Acrylic fiber tow containing at least 85 percent but not more than 92 percent by weight of acrylonitrile units, containing a minimum of 35 percent by weight of water, presented in the form of raw white (undyed) filament with an average filament measure between 2 and 5 decitex per filament and an aggre-gate measure in the tow bundle between 660,000 and 1,200,000 decitex, with a length greater than 2 me-ters (provided for in subheading 5501.30.00) ................................................................................... .................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1181. ACRYLIC FILAMENT TOW WITH AN AV-ERAGE DECITEX OF 2.2. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.99 Acrylic filament tow containing 85 percent or more by weight of acrylonitrile units and 2 percent or more but not over 3 percent of water, raw white (undyed), crimped, with an average decitex of 2.2 (plus or minus 10 percent) and an aggregate filament measure in the tow bundle between 660,000 and 1,200,000 decitex, with a length greater than 2 m (provided for in subheading 5501.30.00) .......................................... Free N o change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1182. ACRYLIC FIBER TOW WITH AN AVER-AGE DECITEX OF 3.3. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.01 Acrylic fiber tow containing 85 percent or more by weight of acrylonitrile units and 2 percent or more but not over 3 percent of water, raw white (undyed), crimped, with an average decitex of 3.3 (plus or minus 10 percent) and an aggregate filament measure in the tow bundle between 660,000 and 1,200,000 decitex, with a length greater than 2 meters (provided for in subheading 5501.30.00) ................................................ Free  No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00145 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH320 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 1183. POLYACRYLONITRILE TOW WITH AN AVERAGE DECITEX OF 2.75. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.02 Acrylic filament tow (polyacrylonitrile tow), containing by weight 92 percent or more of polyacrylonitrile, not more than 0.01 percent of zinc and 2 percent or more but not over 8 percent of water, dyed, presented in the form of bundles of crimped product each containing 214,000 filaments (plus or minus 10 percent) with an average decitex of 2.75 (plus or minus 10 percent) and length greater than 2 meters (provided for in subheading 5501.30.00) ......................................................................................................... .............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1184. POLYACRYLONITRILE TOW WITH AN AVERAGE DECITEX OF 3.3. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.03 Acrylic filament tow (polyacrylonitrile tow) containing by weight 92 percent or more of polyacrylonitrile, not more than 0.01 percent of zinc and 2 percent or more but not over 8 percent of water, dyed, presented in the form of bundles of crimped product each containing 214,000 filaments (plus or minus 10 percent) with an average decitex of 3.3 (plus or minus 10 percent) and length greater than 2 meters (provided for in subheading 5501.30.00) ......................................................................................................... .............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1185. ACRYLIC FILAMENT TOW WITH A DECITEX OF 5.0 TO 5.6. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.04 Acrylic filament tow containing 85 percent or more by weight of acrylonitrile units and 2 percent or more but not more than 8 percent of water, dyed, such tow with a decitex of 5.0 to 5.6, an aggregate filament measure in the tow bundle between 660,000 and 1,200,000 and a length greater than 2 m (provided for in subheading 5501.30.00) ......................................................................................................... .............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1186. ACRYLIC FILAMENT TOW WITH A DECITEX OF 3.3. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.05 Acrylic filament tow containing by weight 92 percent or more of polyacrylonitrile, not more than 0.01 per-cent of zinc and 2 percent or more but not over 8 percent of water, such tow dyed and presented in the form of bundles of crimped product each containing 315,000 to 360,000 filaments, with each filament of 3.3 decitex and with a length greater than 2 m (provided for in subheading 5501.30.00) ............................. Free No chan ge No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1187. ACRYLIC OR MODACRYLIC STAPLE FI-BERS, NOT PROCESSED. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.06 Acrylic staple fibers (polyacrylonitrile staple) containing at least 85 percent by weight of acrylonitrile units and 2 percent or more but not over 3 percent of water, colored, crimped, with an average decitex of 3.0 (plus or minus 10 percent) and fiber length of 50 mm (plus or minus 10 percent) (provided for in sub-heading 5503.30.00) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1188. MODACRYLIC STAPLE FIBERS WITH AN AVERAGE DECITEX OF 2.2 AND A FIBER LENGTH OF 38MM. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.07 Modacrylic staple fibers containing 35 percent or more but not over 85 percent by weight of acrylonitrile units and 2 percent or more but not over 3 percent of water, not pigmented (ecru), crimped, with an aver-age decitex of 2.2 (plus or minus 10 percent) and fiber length of 38 mm (plus or minus 10 percent) (pro-vided for in subheading 5503.30.00) ............................................................................................ ....................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1189. MODACRYLIC STAPLE FIBERS WITH AN AVERAGE DEXITEX OF 2.2 AND A FIBER LENGTH OF 51MM. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00146 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H321 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.13.08 Modacrylic staple fibers containing 35 percent or more but not over 85 percent by weight of acrylonitrile units and 2 percent or more but not over 3 percent of water, not pigmented (ecru), crimped, with an aver-age decitex of 2.2 (plus or minus 10 percent) and fiber length of 51 mm (plus or minus 10 percent) (pro-vided for in subheading 5503.30.00) ............................................................................................ ....................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1190. MODACRYLIC STAPLE FIBERS WITH AN AVERAGE DECITEX OF 1.7 AND A FIBER LENGTH OF 51MM. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.09 Modacrylic staple fibers containing 35 percent or more but not over 85 percent by weight of acrylonitrile units and 2 percent or more but not over 3 percent of water, not pigmented (ecru), crimped, with an aver-age decitex of 1.7 (plus or minus 10 percent) and fiber length of 51 mm (plus or minus 10 percent) (pro-vided for in subheading 5503.30.00) ............................................................................................ ....................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1191. ACRYLIC STAPLE FIBERS WITH A FIBER LENGTH OF 38MM. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.10 Acrylic staple fibers containing at least 85 percent by weight of acrylonitrile units and 2 percent or more but not over 3 percent of water, raw white (undyed), crimped, with an average decitex of 1.3 (plus or minus 10 percent) and fiber length of 38 mm (plus or minus 10 percent) (provided for in subheading 5503.30.00) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1192. ACRYLIC STAPLE FIBERS WITH A FIBER LENGTH OF 40MM. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.11 Acrylic staple fibers (polyacrylonitrile staple) containing 85 percent or more by weight of acrylonitrile units and 2 percent or more but not over 3 percent of water, dyed (not pigmented), crimped, with an average decitex of 1.3 (plus or minus 10 percent) and fiber length of 40 mm (plus or minus 10 percent) (provided for in subheading 5503.30.00) .................................................................................................. ........................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1193. SYNTHETIC STAPLE FIBERS NOT PROCESSED FOR SPINNING. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.12 Acrylic staple fibers (polyacrylonitrile staple) containing 85 percent or more by weight of acrylonitrile units and 2 percent or more but not over 3 percent of water, non-pigmented (ecru), crimped, with a decitex be-tween 1.98 and 2.42 and fiber length between 48 and 60 mm (provided for in subheading 5503.30.00) ..... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1194. ACRYLIC STAPLE FIBERS WITH A FIBER LENGTH BETWEEN 40 AND 47.5MM AND A SOLAR REFLECTANCE INDEX LESS THAN 10. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.13 Acrylic staple fibers (polyacrylonitrile staple) containing 85 percent or more by weight of acrylonitrile units and 2 percent or more but not over 3 percent of water, colored, crimped, with a decitex between 1.98 and 2.42 and fiber length between 40 and 47.5 mm, certified by the importer as having a solar reflectance index less than 10 (provided for in subheading 5503.30.00) ..................................................................... ........ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1195. ACRYLIC STAPLE FIBERS WITH A FIBER LENGTH BETWEEN 40 AND 47.5MM AND A SOLAR REFLECTANCE INDEX BETWEEN 10 AND 30. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.14 Acrylic staple fibers (polyacrylonitrile staple) containing 85 percent or more by weight of acrylonitrile units and 2 percent or more but not over 3 percent of water, colored, crimped, with a decitex between 1.98 and 2.42 and fiber length between 40 and 47.5 mm, certified by the importer as having a solar reflectance index between 10 and 30 (provided for in subheading 5503.30.00) ................................................................ .. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00147 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH322 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 1196. ACRYLIC STAPLE FIBERS WITH A FIBER LENGTH BETWEEN 40 AND 47.5 MM AND A SOLAR REFLECTANCE INDEX GREATER THAN 30. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.15 Acrylic staple fibers (polyacrylonitrile staple) containing 85 percent or more by weight of acrylonitrile units and 2 percent or more but not over 3 percent of water, colored, crimped, with a decitex between 1.98 and 2.42 and fiber length between 40 and 47.5 mm, certified by the importer as having a solar reflectance index greater than 30 (provided for in subheading 5503.30.00) .................................................................. ...... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1197. ACRYLIC STAPLE FIBERS WITH A FIBER LENGTH BETWEEN 48 AND 60MM AND A SOLAR REFLECTANCE INDEX LESS THAN 10. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.16 Acrylic staple fibers (polyacrylonitrile staple) containing 85 percent or more by weight of acrylonitrile units and 2 percent or more but not over 3 percent of water, colored, crimped, with a decitex between 1.98 and 2.42 and fiber length between 48 and 60 mm, certified by the importer as having a solar reflectance index less than 10 (provided for in subheading 5503.30.00) ........................................................................... ............ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1198. ACRYLIC STAPLE FIBERS WITH A FIBER LENGTH BETWEEN 48 AND 60MM AND A SOLAR REFLECTANCE INDEX BETWEEN 10 AND 30. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.17 Acrylic staple fibers (polyacrylonitrile staple) containing 85 percent or more by weight of acrylonitrile units and 2 percent or more but not over 3 percent of water, colored, crimped, with a decitex between 1.98 and 2.42 and fiber length between 48 and 60 mm, certified by the importer as having a solar reflectance index between 10 and 30 (provided for in subheading 5503.30.00) ...................................................................... ...... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1199. ACRYLIC STAPLE FIBERS WITH A FIBER LENGTH BETWEEN 48 AND 60MM AND A SOLAR REFLECTANCE INDEX GREATER THAN 30. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.18 Acrylic staple fibers (polyacrylonitrile staple) containing 85 percent or more by weight of acrylonitrile units and 2 percent or more but not over 3 percent of water, colored, crimped, with a decitex between 1.98 and 2.42 and fiber length between 48 and 60mm, certified by the importer as having a solar reflectance index greater than 30 (provided for in subheading 5503.30.00) ........................................................................ .......... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1200. MODACRYLIC STAPLE FIBER WITH A DECITEX OF 1.7 AND A FIBER LENGTH OF 38MM. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.19 Modacrylic staple fibers containing by weight 2 percent or more but not over 3 percent of water, not pig-mented (ecru), crimped, with a decitex of 1.7 and fiber length of 38 mm (provided for in subheading 5503.30.00) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1201. ACRYLIC STAPLE FIBERS NOT PROC-ESSED FOR SPINNING. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.20 Acrylic staple fibers (polyacrylonitrile staple), not dyed and not carded, combed or otherwise processed for spinning, containing by weight 92 percent or more of polyacrylonitrile, not more than 0.01 percent of zinc and 2 percent or more but not over 8 percent of water, with a decitex of 5.0 to 5.6, with a fiber shrinkage of 0 to 22 percent and with a cut fiber length of 80 mm to 150 mm (provided for in subheading 5503.30.00) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00148 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H323 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 1202. MODIFIED ACRYLIC FLAME RETARD-ANT STAPLE FIBER WITH A DECITEX OF 2.7. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.21 Modacrylic staple fibers, not carded, combed or otherwise processed for spinning, containing over 35 per-cent and less than 85 percent by weight of acrylonitrile, 2.7 decitex (plus or minus 2 percent), natural in color, with fiber length between 38 mm and 120 mm (provided for in subheading 5503.30.00) .................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1203. MODIFIED ACRYLIC FLAME RETARD-ANT STAPLE FIBER WITH A DECITEX OF 3.9. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.22 Modacrylic staple fibers, not carded, combed or otherwise processed for spinning, containing over 35 per-cent and less than 85 percent by weight of acrylonitrile, 3.9 decitex (plus or minus 2 percent), natural in color, with fiber length between 38 mm and 120 mm (provided for in subheading 5503.30.00) .................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1204. ACRYLIC FIBER STAPLE, DYED. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.23 Acrylic staple fiber (polyacrylonitrile staple), dyed, not carded, combed or otherwise processed for spinning, the foregoing containing by weight 92 percent or more of polyacrylonitrile, not more than 0.01 percent of zinc and 2 percent or more but not over 8 percent of water, with a decitex of 3.3 to 5.6, a fiber shrinkage of from 0 to 22 percent (provided for in subheading 5503.30.00) ................................................................ ..... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1205. FLAME RETARDANT RAYON FIBER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.24 Artificial staple fibers of viscose rayon, not carded, combed or otherwise processed for spinning and con-taining 28 percent or more but not over 33 percent by weight of silica (provided for in subheading 5504.10.00); the foregoing other than fibers measuring 2.2 decitex in lengths of 38 mm, measuring 4.7 decitex in lengths of 51 mm or measuring 3.3, 4.7 or 5.0 decitex in lengths of 60 mm ................................. Free No ch ange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1206. CELLULOSIC MAN-MADE VISCOSE RAYON STAPLE FIBER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.25 Staple fibers of viscose rayon, not carded, combed or otherwise processed for spinning, measuring 0.90 or more but not over 1.30 decitex and having a fiber length each measuring 20 mm or more but not over 150 mm (provided for in subheading 5504.10.00) ..................................................................................... ................ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1207. CELLULOSIC MAN-MADE SHORTCUT VISCOSE RAYON FIBER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.26 Artificial staple fibers of viscose rayon, not carded, combed or otherwise processed for spinning, measuring 0.5 or more but not over 1.0 decitex and having a fiber length each measuring 4 mm or more but not over 20 mm (provided for in subheading 5504.10.00) .................................................................................. .............. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1208. FLAME RESISTANT STAPLE FIBERS OF VISCOSE RAYON. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.27 Flame resistant viscose rayon fibers suitable for yarn spinning, with minimum fiber tenacity of 25 cN/tex, based on modal fiber derived from beechwood and containing 20 to 22 percent by weight of phosphorus- based flame retardant agent (provided for in subheading 5504.10.00) ............................................................ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1209. RAYON STAPLE FIBERS FOR USE IN GOODS OF HEADING 9619. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00149 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH324 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.13.28 Viscose rayon staple fibers having a decitex of less than 5.0 and a trilobal multi-limbed cross-section, the limbs having a length-to-width aspect ratio of at least 2:1, suitable for use in producing goods of heading 9619 (provided for in subheading 5504.10.00) ................................................................................... ................ 1.7% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1210. FLAME RETARDANT VISCOSE RAYON STAPLE FIBER WITH A DECITEX OF 4.7 AND A LENGTH OF 60MM. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.29 Artificial staple fibers of viscose rayon, not carded, combed or otherwise processed for spinning, such fi-bers containing between 28 percent and 33 percent by weight of silica, measuring 4.7 decitex in lengths of 60 mm (provided for in subheading 5504.10.00) .................................................................................. .............. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1211. FLAME RETARDANT VISCOSE RAYON STAPLE FIBER WITH A DECITEX OF 3.3 AND A LENGTH OF 60MM. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.30 Artificial staple fibers of viscose rayon, not carded, combed or otherwise processed for spinning, such fi-bers containing between 28 percent to 33 percent by weight of silica, measuring 3.3 decitex, in lengths of 60 mm (provided for in subheading 5504.10.00) .................................................................................. .............. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1212. FLAME RETARDANT VISCOSE RAYON STAPLE FIBER WITH A DECITEX OF 5.0 AND A LENGTH OF 60MM. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.31 Artificial staple fibers, not carded, combed or otherwise processed for spinning, of viscose rayon, con-taining between 28 percent and 33 percent by weight of silica, measuring 5.0 decitex in lengths of 60 mm (provided for in subheading 5504.10.00) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1213. FLAME RETARDANT VISCOSE RAYON STAPLE FIBER WITH A DECITEX OF 2.2 AND A LENGTH OF 38MM. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.32 Artificial staple fibers, not carded, combed or otherwise processed for spinning; of viscose rayon, such fi-bers containing between 28 percent and 33 percent by weight of silica, measuring 2.2 decitex in 38 mm lengths (provided for in subheading 5504.10.00) ................................................................................ ............... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1214. VISCOSE RAYON STAPLE FIBER NOT PROCESSED FOR SPINNING. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.33 Artificial staple fibers of viscose rayon, not carded, combed or otherwise processed for spinning, containing between 28 and 33 percent by weight of silica, measuring 4.7 decitex in 51 mm lengths (provided for in subheading 5504.10.00) ......................................................................................................... .............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1215. REDUCED FLAMMABILITY LYOCELL FIBER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.34 Artificial staple fibers of lyocell, not carded, combed or otherwise processed for spinning, measuring 1.7 or more but not over 3.3 decitex and having a fiber length each measuring 25 mm or more but not over 51 mm and containing 25 percent by weight of kaolin (provided for in subheading 5504.90.00) ........................ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1216. ACRYLIC STAPLE FIBER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00150 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H325 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.13.35 Acrylic staple fibers, carded, combed or otherwise processed for spinning (provided for in subheading 5506.30.00); the foregoing other than such acrylic staple fibers containing by weight 92 percent or more of polyacrylonitrile, not more than 0.01 percent of zinc and 2 percent or more but not over 8 percent of water, dyed or raw white (undyed), with an average decitex of 2.75 to 3.30 or of 11 (plus or minus 10 percent) or if dyed with an average decitex of 5.0 to 5.6 .................................................................................. ................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1217. ACRYLIC OR MODACRYLIC STAPLE FI-BERS PROCESSED AND WITH A DECITEX OF 2.75 TO 3.3. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.36 Acrylic staple fibers, carded, combed or otherwise processed for spinning, containing by weight 92 percent or more of polyacrylonitrile, not more than 0.01 percent of zinc and 2 percent or more but not over 8 per-cent of water, dyed or raw white (undyed), with an average decitex of 2.75 to 3.30 (plus or minus 10 per-cent) (provided for in subheading 5506.30.00) .................................................................................. ................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1218. ACRYLIC OR MODACRYLIC STAPLE FI-BERS PROCESSED AND WITH A DECITEX OF 11.0. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.37 Acrylic staple fibers, carded, combed or otherwise processed for spinning, containing by weight 92 percent or more of polyacrylonitrile, not more than 0.01 percent of zinc and 2 percent or more but not over 8 per-cent of water, such fibers dyed or raw white (undyed), such fibers with an average decitex of 11.0 (plus or minus 10 percent) (provided for in subheading 5506.30.00) ...................................................................... ....... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1219. ACRYLIC OR MODACRYLIC STAPLE FI-BERS PROCESSED AND WITH A DECITEX OF 5.0 TO 5.6. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.38 Acrylic staple fibers, carded, combed or otherwise processed for spinning, containing by weight 92 percent or more of polyacrylonitrile, not more than 0.01 percent of zinc and 2 percent or more but not over 8 per-cent of water, dyed, with an average decitex of 5.0 to 5.6 (provided for in subheading 5506.30.00) ............. Free No change N o change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1220. RAYON TOP. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.39 Staple fibers of rayon, carded, combed or otherwise processed for spinning, the foregoing presented in the form of top (provided for in subheading 5507.00.00) ............................................................................ ............. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1221. WOVEN FABRICS OF CERTAIN SYTHETIC FIBERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.40 Woven fabrics of synthetic staple fibers, containing 85 percent or more by weight of polyvinyl alcohol sta-ple fibers and up to 15 percent of polynosic rayon fibers (provided for in subheading 5512.99.00) ............... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1222. HEAVY WEIGHT FABRIC OF MODAL/ COTTON BLEND. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.41 Woven fabrics of modal staple rayon fibers, containing over 50 percent but less than 85 percent by weight of such fibers, dyed, mixed mainly or solely with cotton, such fabrics weighing more than 270 g/m
2but not more than 340 g/m
2, of yarns of number 42 or lower number, of a thread count of 150 to 160 per cm
2, napped (provided for in subheading 5516.42.00) ............................................................................... ....... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1223. HAND-TUFTED WOOL CARPETS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00151 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH326 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.13.42 Carpets and other textile floor coverings, tufted, whether or not made up, of wool or fine animal hair, hand-hooked, that is, in which the tufts were inserted by hand or by means of a hand tool that is not power-driven (provided for in subheading 5703.10.20) ........................................................................... ............ 5.8% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1224. HEAT EXCHANGE CAPILLARY MATE-RIAL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.43 Polyethylene terephthalate (PET) heat exchange capillary material consisting of parallel PET tubes arranged and secured in a knitted fabric of PET threads (provided for in subheading 6003.30.60) ............................... Free No ch ange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1225. MEN’S SHIRTS INCORPORATING SNAPS USED TO ATTACH A HEART RATE MONITOR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.44 Men’s shirts of man-made fibers, knitted or crocheted, with textile- or polymer-based electrodes knitted into or attached to the fabric, incorporating two snaps designed to secure a module to transmit heart rate information from the electrodes to a compatible monitor (provided for subheading 6105.20.20) .................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1226. TANK TOPS INCORPORATING SNAPS USED TO ATTACH A HEART RATE MONITOR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.45 Tank tops of knitted fabric of man-made fibers, containing elastomeric fibers, each such top with textile or polymer-based electrodes knitted into or attached to the fabric and that incorporates two snaps designed to secure a module designed to transmit heart rate information from the electrodes to a compatible mon-itor (provided for in subheading 6109.90.10) ................................................................................... ................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1227. WOMEN’S OR GIRLS’ MAN-MADE FIBER KNIT VESTS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.46 Women’s or girls’ knitted or crocheted vests of man-made fibers, containing 23 percent or more by weight of wool, each with fabric stitch count greater than 9/2 cm, measured in the direction the stitches are formed (provided for in subheading 6110.30.15) ................................................................................. ............... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1228. VESTS INCORPORATING SNAPS USED TO ATTACH A HEART RATE MON-ITOR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.47 Vests (other than sweater vests) for men, knitted or crocheted, of man-made fibers, with textile or polymer- based electrodes knitted into or attached to the fabric and incorporating two snaps designed to secure a module to transmit heart rate information from the electrodes to a compatible monitor (provided for sub-headings 6110.30.30) ........................................................................................................... ................................ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1229. MEN’S OR BOYS’ SILK KNIT PULL-OVERS AND CARDIGANS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.48 Men’s or boys’ knitted or crocheted pullovers and cardigans, containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk, each with more than 9 stitches/2 cm, measured in the direction the stitches were formed, and an av-erage of less than 10 stitches/linear cm in each direction counted on an area measuring at least 10 cm by 10 cm, such apparel articles that reach the waist (provided for in subheading 6110.90.10) .................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1230. MEN’S OR BOYS’ LINEN KNIT SWEAT-ERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00152 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H327 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.13.49 Men’s or boys’ knitted or crocheted sweaters of linen, each with 9 or fewer stitches per 2 centimeters measured in the direction the stitches were formed (provided for in subheading 6110.90.90) ....................... Free No change  No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1231. GIRLS’ COTTON KNIT COVERALLS OR JUMPSUITS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.50 Girls’ knitted or crocheted coveralls or jumpsuits, of cotton (provided for in subheading 6114.20.00) ........... F ree No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1232. NEOPRENE WADING SOCKS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.51 Socks with uppers comprising neoprene measuring 2.5 mm in thickness and covered on both sides with jersey knitted fabric of nylon; such socks with underfoots of breathable neoprene measuring 2.5 to 3 mm in thickness and covered on both sides with a jersey knitted fabric of nylon; the foregoing each formed anatomically so as to be designed for the wearer’s left or right foot (provided for in subheading 6115.96.90) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1233. NEOPRENE GUARD SOCKS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.52 Socks of synthetic fibers, with uppers of neoprene measuring 3.5 mm in thickness and covered on both surfaces with knitted jersey fabric of nylon; each such sock having an integrated fold-down cuff of knitted jersey fabric of nylon, each cuff with a molded hook to allow connection to wading boot and designed to prevent debris and gravel from getting inside wading boot, such socks anatomically formed (provided for in subheading 6115.96.90) ...................................................................................................... ............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1234. TRAINING GLOVES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.53 Training gloves of vulcanized rubber other than of hard rubber (provided for in subheading 4015.19.50) or of synthetic textile materials (provided for in subheading 6116.93.08), such gloves of textile materials knit-ted or crocheted ............................................................................................................... ..................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1235. INSULATED HANDMUFFS OF KNIT POL-YESTER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.54 Hand muffs of knitted fabrics of polyester coated with plastics, such muffs stuffed with synthetic microfiber for thermal insulation, each with side openings having elastic closures, with one exterior pocket with zipper closure and weighing not more than 453.592 g (provided for in subheading 6117.80.95) ........... Free No change No ch ange On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1236. BOYS’ MAN-MADE FIBER WOVEN COATS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.55 Boys’ woven man-made fiber coats, containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool, thigh length or longer, with sleeves, with or without closure and with full front opening (provided for in subheading 6201.13.30) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1237. MEN’S OR BOYS’ COTTON WOVEN COR-DUROY JACKETS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.57 Men’s or boys’ jackets of woven cotton corduroy, less than mid-thigh in length, with long sleeves, with full or partial front opening (provided for in subheading 6201.92.45) ............................................................... ...... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00153 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH328 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 1238. BOYS’ MAN-MADE FIBER WOVEN JACK-ETS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.58 Boys’ woven jackets of man-made fibers, containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool, less than mid- thigh in length, with long sleeves, with full or partial front opening (provided for in subheading 6201.93.55) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1239. WOMEN’S OR GIRLS’ WOOL PADDED SLEEVELESS JACKETS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.59 Women’s or girls’ woven padded sleeveless jackets (including vests) of wool, less than mid-thigh in length, with full opening (provided for in subheading 6202.91.60) ...................................................................... .......... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1240. GIRLS’ MAN-MADE FIBER WOVEN JACK-ETS CONTAINING WOOL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.60 Girls’ woven jackets of man-made fibers, containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool, less than mid- thigh in length, with long sleeves, with full or partial front opening (provided for in subheading 6202.93.45) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1241. WOMEN’S DRESSES, 100 PERCENT SILK. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.61 Women’s dresses, woven, wholly of silk (provided for in subheading 6204.49.10) ................................... ......... 6.5% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1242. WOMEN’S SKIRTS AND DIVIDED SKIRTS, 100 PERCENT SILK. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.63 Women’s skirts and divided skirts, wholly of silk (provided for in subheading 6204.59.40) ........................ .... 1.7% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1243. WOMEN’S BLOUSES AND SHIRTS, 100 PERCENT SILK. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.64 Women’s blouses, shirts and shirt-blouses, woven, wholly of silk (provided for in subheading 6206.10.00) .. 6.5% No  change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1244. MEN’S OR BOYS’ MAN-MADE WOVEN SLEEPWEAR SEPARATES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.65 Men’s or boys’ woven sleepwear of man-made fibers, the foregoing comprising tops and sleepwear bottoms presented separately and not in sets, the foregoing designed to be worn in bed (provided for in subheading 6207.99.85) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1245. BABIES’ ARTIFICIAL FIBERS WOVEN TROUSERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.66 Babies’ woven trousers of artificial fibers, other than those imported as parts of sets (provided for in sub-heading 6209.90.20) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1246. BABIES’ LINEN WOVEN GARMENTS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00154 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H329 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.13.67 Babies’ woven apparel of linen (provided for in subheading 6209.90.90) ........................................... .............. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1247. WOMEN’S SPORTS BRAS INCOR-PORATING SNAPS USED TO ATTACH A HEART RATE MONITOR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.68 Women’s sports bras of knitted or woven fabric containing elastomeric fibers but not containing lace, net or embroidery, such goods whether assembled or knitted/crocheted in the piece, each with textile or poly-mer-based electrodes knitted into or attached to the fabric and incorporating two snaps designed to secure a module designed to transmit heart rate information from the electrodes to a compatible monitor (pro-vided for in subheading 6212.10.90) ............................................................................................ ....................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1248. WOMEN’S SHAWLS AND SCARVES, 100 PERCENT SILK. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.69 Women’s shawls, scarves and similar goods, wholly of silk (provided for in subheading 6214.10.10) ............ Free  No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1249. BATTING GLOVES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.70 Batting gloves of man-made fibers, specially designed for use in the sport of baseball, with a strap that wraps around the wrist and the back of the hand to secure the glove to the wrist (provided for in sub-heading 6216.00.46) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1250. MECHANICS’ WORK GLOVES WITH FOURCHETTES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.71 Mechanics’ work gloves, not knit, of man-made fibers, with fourchettes, the foregoing not containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair (provided for in subheading 6216.00.58) ................... 9.8% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1251. FISHING WADER POCKET POUCHES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.72 Pocket pouches with outer shell of woven textile fabric laminated to an inner layer of knitted fabric, each such pouch with a zippered cargo pocket and other pockets designed to organize tippets and leaders and with dual entry zippers; the foregoing designed to be zipped into fishing waders (provided for in sub-heading 6217.90.90) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1252. NYLON WOOL PACKS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.73 Sacks and bags, of undyed woven fabric of nylon multifilament yarns, such yarns not exceeding 10 decitex, the foregoing bags designed for use for packing wool for transport, storage or sale (provided for in sub-heading 6305.39.00) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1253. SLEEPING BAG SHELLS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.80 Sleeping bag shells, unfilled, of woven taffeta fabric of polyester with thread count between 160 and 210 and formed from yarns between 22 and 112 decitex; such shells each weighing 25 g/m
2or more but not over 250 g/m
2; measuring 152 cm to 305 cm in length, with zipper closure, valued not over $7 each (pro-vided for in subheading 6307.90.98) ............................................................................................ ....................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1254. BRAKE SEGMENTS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00155 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH330 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.13.82 Nonwoven radial segment and chordal orientation brake segments of oxidized polyacrylonitrile fibers, made up and presented as cut otherwise than into squares or rectangles, such segments formed by needling web and unidirectional tow fabrics together, the foregoing designed for use in aircraft braking systems (pro-vided for in subheading 6307.90.98) ............................................................................................ ....................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1255. COLLAPSIBLE, STACKABLE POLY-PROPYLENE FABRIC BINS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.83 Bins of laminated woven fabric of polypropylene, rectangular or square in shape, collapsible and stackable, measuring 28 liters or more but not over 256 liters in volume and 63.5 cm or less in height, each with sewn-in cardboard inserts and fabric top panel with sewn-in cardboard insert, such panel secured to the bin with cut-to-length strips of hook-and-loop material, such bins each having a fold-down fabric panel with sewn-in cardboard insert, such panel sewn into the interior of the bin; such bins certified by the im-porter as meeting ASTM D642-15 standards (provided for in subheading 6307.90.98) .................................... Free No cha nge No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1256. CERTAIN NEOPRENE SMARTPHONE CASES WITH ARMBAND. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.84 Smartphone cases, each attached to integral adjustable armbands wholly of textile materials, with such case of polyester-laminated neoprene, incorporating a clear plastic window for visual access to the smartphone screen and a small opening for headphone wires, whether or not with decorative plastic over-lay (provided for in subheading 6307.90.98) .................................................................................... ................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1257. PORTABLE, FOLDABLE BOWLS FOR PETS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.85 Portable and foldable water or food bowls of textile materials, designed for use by pets (provided for in subheading 6307.90.98) ......................................................................................................... .............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1258. BEE NETS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.86 Agricultural control nets specially designed to protect mandarin trees from bee pollination, such nets of high density polypropylene monofilament, with interspersed eye knots at regular intervals; each net meas-uring approximately 441.5 m by 12.8 m or 274.3 m x 12.8 m, having finished edges, presented in rolls (provided for in subheading 6307.90.98) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1259. CAMERA CHEST HARNESSES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.87 Chest harnesses of textile materials, each designed for attaching cameras of subheading 8525.80.40 to a user’s chest; incorporating a waist belt and shoulder straps, each with a plastic connector and thumb screw designed for camera mounting or adjustment (provided for in subheading 6307.90.98) ....................... Free No change N o change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1260. HELMET CAMERA MOUNTS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.88 Adjustable straps of textile materials, designed with small plastic mounts intended to secure cameras of subheading 8525.80.40 to helmets or to other articles (provided for in subheading 6307.90.98) ................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1261. TEXTILE ICE BAGS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.89 Textile bags of woven fabric of polyester and coated with thermoplastic polyurethane, each pleated and at-tached to a ring of plastics and/or metal with internal threads, with a washer and a plastic cap with ex-ternal threads that screws into the ring to form an expandable circular shaped bag, designed to hold ice and/or cold water (provided for in subheading 6307.90.98) ...................................................................... ......... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00156 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H331 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 1262. CAMERA WRIST STRAP MOUNTS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.90 Mounts of textile materials, designed to attach cameras of subheading 8525.80.40 to a user’s wrist, arm or leg; such mounts incorporating hook-and-loop adjustable straps and designed to permit adjustment of the camera viewing angle 360 degrees on the mounted plane and of the camera tilt against that plane (provided for in subheading 6307.90.98) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1263. CERTIFIED COLOR SWATCHES WITH PINKED EDGES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.91 Made-up color swatches, of cotton, rectangular in shape and each measuring approximately 5.08 cm by 20.32 cm, with pinked edges, such swatches dyed using certified dye colors and each having a bar code to specify its color (provided for in 6307.90.98) .............................................................................. ................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1264. SPORTS FOOTWEAR FOR MEN, VALUED OVER $12 PER PAIR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.92 Sports footwear, with outer soles and uppers of rubber or plastics, valued over $12/pair, for men (provided for in subheading 6402.19.90) .................................................................................................. ........................... 8.7% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1265. SPORTS FOOTWEAR FOR WOMEN, VAL-UED OVER $12 PER PAIR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.93 Sports footwear, with outer soles and uppers of rubber or plastics, valued over $12/pair, other than for men (provided for in subheading 6402.19.90) .................................................................................... ................ 8.5% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1266. MEN’S OIL AND SLIP RESISTANT OUTSOLE WORK FOOTWEAR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.94 Men’s work footwear with outer soles and uppers of rubber or plastics, covering the ankle and having an oil-resistant and slip-resistant outer sole (provided for in subheading 6402.91.40) ........................................ Free  No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1267. MEN’S SHOES WITH OUTER SOLES AND UPPERS OF RUBBER OR PLASTIC. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.95 Protective active footwear for men (except footwear with waterproof molded bottoms, including bottoms comprising an outer sole and all or part of the upper and except footwear with insulation that provides protection against cold weather) whose height from the bottom of the outer sole to the top of the upper does not exceed 15.34 cm (provided for in subheading 6402.91.42) ............................................................... .. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1268. WOMEN’S PROTECTIVE ACTIVE SHOES, COVERING ANKLE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.96 Protective active footwear for women, with outer soles and uppers of rubber or plastics (except footwear with waterproof molded bottoms, including bottoms comprising an outer sole and all or part of the upper and except footwear with insulation that provides protection against cold weather) whose height from the bottom of the outer sole to the top of the upper does not exceed 15.34 cm (provided for in subheading 6402.91.42), such footwear, if valued at $26/pair or higher, without openings in the sole or upper designed to vent moisture ............................................................................................................... ..................................... 1.0% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1269. WOMEN’S PROTECTIVE ACTIVE FOOT-WEAR, VALUED OVER $26 PER PAIR, COVERING THE ANKLE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00157 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH332 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.13.97 Protective active footwear for women, with outer soles and uppers of rubber or plastics (except footwear with waterproof molded bottoms, including bottoms comprising an outer sole and all or part of the upper, and except footwear with insulation that provides protection against cold weather), whose height from the bottom of the outer sole to the top of the upper does not exceed 15.34 cm, covering the ankle, valued over $26 per pair; where such protection is imparted by the use of a laminated textile fabric, such footwear with openings in the bottom and/or side of the sole, or covered openings in the upper above the sole unit, or a combination thereof, designed to vent moisture (provided for in subheading 6402.91.42) ...................... Free No change  No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1270. MEN’S WATERPROOF SHOES WITH OUTER SOLES AND UPPERS OF RUB-BER OR PLASTIC, VALUED OVER $25 PER PAIR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.98 Footwear for men, with outer soles and uppers of rubber or plastics (except vulcanized footwear and foot-wear with waterproof molded or vulcanized bottoms, including bottoms comprising an outer sole and all or part of the upper, and except footwear designed to be protective that is incomplete in its condition as im-ported), valued over $25/pair, whose height from the bottom of the outer sole to the top of the upper does not exceed 25.4 cm, designed to be worn in lieu of, but not over, other footwear as a protection against water, oil, grease or chemicals or cold or inclement weather where such protection includes protection against water that is imparted by the use of a laminated, but not coated, textile fabric; such footwear, if valued over $27, without openings in the bottom and/or side of the sole or covered opening in the upper designed to permit moisture vapor transport from under the foot (provided for in subheading 6402.91.50) .. 3.8% No change No chan ge On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1271. MEN’S FOOTWEAR WITH WATERPROOF SOLES, VALUED OVER $27 PER PAIR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.99 Footwear for men, with outer soles and uppers of rubber or plastics (except vulcanized footwear and foot-wear with waterproof molded or vulcanized bottoms, including bottoms comprising an outer sole and all or part of the upper; and except footwear designed to be protective that is incomplete in its condition as im-ported), valued over $27/pair, whose height from the bottom of the outer sole to the top of the upper does not exceed 25.4 cm, designed to be worn in lieu of, but not over, other footwear as a protection against water, oil, grease or chemicals or cold or inclement weather where such protection is imparted by the use of a laminated, but not coated, textile fabric; such footwear with openings in the bottom and/or side of the sole, or covered openings in the upper above the sole unit, or a combination thereof, designed to permit moisture vapor transport from under the foot (provided for in subheading 6402.91.50) .................................. Free No c hange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1272. POLYURETHANE-INJECTED BOOTS FOR FISHING WADERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.01 Footwear for men with outer soles and uppers of rubber or plastics, such uppers of neoprene measuring 7 mm in thickness, injected with polyurethane on the exterior and covered with knitted fabric wholly of poly-ester on the interior, with rubber lug bottoms laminated with cement to the upper; such footwear covering the ankle, whose height does not exceed 35.56 cm; waterproof, valued not over $36/pair and designed to be permanently affixed to fishing waders (provided for in subheading 6402.91.50) ........................................ Free No  change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1273. MEN’S WATERPROOF SHOES WITH OUTER SOLES AND UPPERS OF RUB-BER OR PLASTIC, VALUED OVER $25 PER PAIR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.02 Footwear for men, with outer soles and uppers of rubber or plastics (except vulcanized footwear and foot-wear with waterproof molded or vulcanized bottoms, including bottoms comprising an outer sole and all or part of the upper, and except footwear designed to be protective that is incomplete in its condition as im-ported), valued over $25/pair, whose height from the bottom of the outer sole to the top of the upper does not exceed 25.4 cm, covering the ankle, designed to be worn in lieu of, but not over, other footwear as a protection against water, oil, grease or chemicals or cold or inclement weather where such protection in-cludes protection against water that is imparted by the use of a coated, but not laminated, textile fabric greater than or equal to 9 microns in thickness (provided for in subheading 6402.91.50) ............................. Free No cha nge No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1274. MEN’S SHOES WITH OUTER SOLES AND UPPERS OF RUBBER OR PLASTICS, VALUED OVER $3 BUT NOT OVER $6.50 PER PAIR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00158 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H333 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.14.03 Men’s footwear with outer soles and uppers of rubber or plastics, with foxing or foxing-like band, covering the ankle, closed toe or heel, valued over $3 but not over $6.50 per pair, the foregoing other than sports footwear and protective or slip-on type footwear (provided for in subheading 6402.91.70) ............................. Free No ch ange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1275. MEN’S SHOES WITH OUTER SOLES AND UPPERS OF RUBBER OR PLASTICS, VALUED OVER $6.50 BUT NOT OVER $12 PER PAIR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.04 Men’s footwear with outer soles and uppers of rubber or plastics (other than sports footwear), with foxing or foxing like band, covering the ankle, closed toe or heel, valued over $6.50 but not over $12.00 per pair, not of the protective or slip-on type (provided for in subheading 6402.91.80) ................................................. F ree No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1276. FOOTWEAR MADE ON A BASE OR PLAT-FORM OF WOOD. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.05 Footwear with outer soles and uppers of rubber or plastics, having uppers of which over 90 percent of the external surface area is rubber or plastics, made on a base or platform of wood (provided for in sub-heading 6402.99.23) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1277. FOOTWEAR FOR WOMEN, WITH 90 PER-CENT OF THE EXTERNAL SURFACE OF RUBBER OR PLASTICS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.06 Footwear with outer soles and uppers of rubber or plastics, not covering the ankle, having uppers of which over 90 percent of the external surface area is rubber or plastics, other than tennis shoes, basketball shoes, gym shoes, training shoes and the like, such footwear for women (and other than work footwear), valued $15/pair or higher (provided for in subheading 6402.99.31) .............................................................. .... 5.5% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1278. WORK FOOTWEAR FOR WOMEN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.07 Work footwear for women, with outer soles and uppers of rubber or plastics, not covering the ankle (pro-vided for in subheading 6402.99.31), the foregoing other than house slippers and other than tennis shoes, basketball shoes, gym shoes, training shoes and the like ....................................................................... .......... 2.5% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1279. WORK FOOTWEAR FOR MEN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.08 Work footwear for men, with outer soles and uppers of rubber or plastics, not covering the ankle (provided for in subheading 6402.99.31), the foregoing other than house slippers and other than tennis shoes, bas-ketball shoes, gym shoes, training shoes and the like .......................................................................... ............. 3.6% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1280. CONTOURED ZORIS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.09 Footwear excluded from classification in subheading 6402.20.00 (zoris) because the thickest point of the sole is more than 9.53 mm thicker than the thinnest point or more than 35 percent thicker than the thin-nest point; such footwear otherwise meeting the requirements for classification in subheading 6402.20.00 (provided for in subheading 6402.99.31) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1281. SIDELINE CHEER SHOES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.10 Women’s footwear with outer soles of rubber or plastics measuring not over 14 mm in thickness and with uppers of plastics, such footwear designed for use in cheerleading activities, valued over $15/pair and weighing no more than 0.5 kg/pair (provided for in subheading 6402.99.31) .................................................. Free  No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00159 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH334 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 1282. MEN’S PROTECTIVE ACTIVE FOOT-WEAR, NOT COVERING THE ANKLE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.11 Protective active footwear for men, with outer soles and uppers of rubber or plastics, not covering the ankle, valued over $24/pair (provided for in subheading 6402.99.32) ............................................................ ... 9.4% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1283. WOMEN’S PROTECTIVE ACTIVE FOOT-WEAR, NOT COVERING THE ANKLE, VALUED OVER $24 PER PAIR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.12 Protective active footwear for women, with outer soles and uppers of rubber or plastics, not covering the ankle, valued over $24/pair; the foregoing footwear, if valued over $26/pair, other than footwear which pro-vides protection against water that is imparted by the use of a laminated textile fabric and with openings in the bottom and/or side of the sole, or covered openings in the upper above the sole unit, or a combina-tion thereof, designed to vent moisture (provided for in subheading 6402.99.32) ............................................ Free  No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1284. WOMEN’S PROTECTIVE ACTIVE FOOT-WEAR, NOT COVERING THE ANKLE, VALUED OVER $26 PER PAIR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.13 Protective active footwear for women, with outer soles and uppers of rubber or plastics, not covering the ankle, which provides protection against water that is imparted by the use of a laminated textile fabric and with openings in the bottom and/or side of the sole, or covered openings in the upper above the sole unit, or a combination thereof, designed to vent moisture; the forgoing footwear valued over $26/pair (pro-vided for in subheading 6402.99.32) ............................................................................................ ....................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1285. WOMEN’S WATERPROOF FOOTWEAR WITH OUTER SOLES AND UPPERS OF RUBBER OR PLASTICS, VALUED OVER $25 PER PAIR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.14 Footwear for women, with outer soles and uppers of rubber or plastics (except vulcanized footwear and footwear with waterproof molded bottoms or vulcanized bottoms, including bottoms comprising an outer sole and all or part of the upper, and except footwear designed to be protective that is incomplete in its condition as imported), not covering the ankle or having a protective metal-toe cap, valued over $25/pair, designed to be worn in lieu of, but not over, other footwear as a protection against water, oil, grease or chemicals or cold or inclement weather where such protection includes protection against water that is im-parted by the use of a laminated textile fabric (provided for in subheading 6402.99.33) ............................... 0.2% No c hange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1286. WOMEN’S FOOTWEAR WITH WATER-PROOF SOLES, NOT COVERING THE ANKLE, VALUED OVER $27 PER PAIR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.15 Footwear for women, with outer soles and uppers of rubber or plastics (except vulcanized footwear and footwear with waterproof molded bottoms or vulcanized bottoms, including bottoms comprising an outer sole and all or part of the upper, and except footwear designed to be protective that is incomplete in its condition as imported), not covering the ankle or having a protective metal-toe cap, valued over $27/pair, designed to be worn in lieu of, but not over, other footwear as a protection against water, oil, grease or chemicals or cold or inclement weather where such protection is imparted by the use of a laminated textile and has openings in the bottom and/or side of the sole, or covered openings in the upper above the sole unit, or a combination thereof, designed to permit moisture vapor transport from under the foot (provided for in subheading 6402.99.33) .................................................................................................. ........................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1287. CHILDREN’S FOOTWEAR WITH WATER-PROOF SOLES, NOT COVERING THE ANKLE, VALUED OVER $18 PER PAIR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00160 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H335 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.14.16 Footwear for other persons, with outer soles and uppers of rubber or plastics (except vulcanized footwear and footwear with waterproof molded bottoms or vulcanized bottoms, including bottoms comprising an outer sole and all or part of the upper, and except footwear designed to be protective that is incomplete in its condition as imported), not covering the ankle or having a protective metal-toe cap, valued over $18/ pair, designed to be worn in lieu of, but not over, other footwear as a protection against water, oil, grease or chemicals or cold or inclement weather where such protection is imparted by the use of a laminated textile and has openings in the bottom and/or side of the sole, or covered openings in the upper above the sole unit, or a combination thereof, designed to permit moisture vapor transport from under the foot (pro-vided for in subheading 6402.99.33) ............................................................................................ ....................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1288. WOMEN’S WATERPROOF FOOTWEAR WITH OUTER SOLES AND UPPERS OF RUBBER OR PLASTICS, NOT COV-ERING THE ANKLE, VALUED OVER $25 PER PAIR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.17 Footwear for women, with outer soles and uppers of rubber or plastics (except vulcanized footwear and footwear with waterproof molded bottoms or vulcanized bottoms, including bottoms comprising an outer sole and all or part of the upper, and except footwear designed to be protective that is incomplete in its condition as imported); the foregoing not covering the ankle or having a protective metal-toe cap, valued over $25/pair, designed to be worn in lieu of, but not over, other footwear as a protection against water, oil, grease or chemicals or cold or inclement weather where such protection includes protection against water that is imparted by the use of a coated textile fabric greater than or equal to 9 microns in thickness (provided for in subheading 6402.99.33) ........................................................................................ ..................... 3.8% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1289. COMPETITIVE CHEER SHOE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.18 Women’s footwear with outer soles and uppers of rubber or plastics, each sole measuring not over 12 mm in thickness, the foregoing footwear designed for use in cheerleading activities, valued over $19/pair and weighing not over 0.5 kg/pair (provided for in subheading 6402.99.90) .......................................................... . Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1290. MEN’S & BOYS’ GOLF SHOES WITH WA-TERPROOF SOLES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.19 Golf shoes for men, youths and boys, with outer soles of rubber, plastics, leather or composition leather and uppers of leather (except pigskin uppers), not welt, the foregoing with spikes, sprigs, cleats, stops, clips, bars or the like intended to enhance traction and grip; such footwear designed to be worn in lieu of, but not over, other footwear as a protection against water, oil, grease or chemicals or cold or inclement weather, where such protection is imparted by the use of a laminated textile and has openings in the bot-tom and/or side of the sole or covered openings in the upper above the sole, or a combination thereof, de-signed to vent moisture (provided for in subheading 6403.19.30) ................................................................ ..... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1291. WOMEN’S FOOTWEAR MADE ON A BASE OR PLATFORM OF WOOD. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.20 Footwear for women, with outer soles of rubber or plastics and uppers of leather, made on a base or plat-form of wood (provided for in subheading 6403.99.20) ........................................................................... ........... 1.4% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1292. MEN’S OXFORD WORK FOOTWEAR WITH COMPOSITE SAFETY TOE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.21 Work footwear for men, with outer soles of rubber or plastics and uppers of leather, not covering the ankle, incorporating a protective toe cap of materials other than metal (provided for in subheading 6403.99.60) .. Free No change No cha nge On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1293. MEN’S AND BOYS’ HOUSE SLIPPERS WITH LEATHER UPPERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00161 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH336 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.14.22 House slippers with outer soles of rubber or plastics and uppers of leather, for men, youths and boys (pro-vided for in subheading 6403.99.60) ............................................................................................ ....................... 5.7% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1294. MEN’S WATERPROOF LEATHER FOOT-WEAR, VALUED AT $29 PER PAIR OR HIGHER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.23 Footwear for men, with uppers of leather (other than of pigskin) and outer soles of rubber or plastics (the foregoing other than house slippers, work footwear, tennis shoes, basketball shoes, gym shoes, training shoes and the like, and other than slip-on footwear); such footwear not covering the ankle, valued $29/pair or higher, designed to be worn in lieu of, but not over, other footwear as a protection against water, oil, grease or chemicals or cold or inclement weather where such protection is imparted by the use of a lami-nated textile and has openings in the bottom and/or side of the sole, or covered openings in the upper above the sole unit, or a combination thereof, designed to vent moisture (provided for in subheading 6403.99.60) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1295. MEN’S WATERPROOF LEATHER FOOT-WEAR, VALUED AT $27 PER PAIR OR HIGHER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.24 Footwear for men, with uppers of leather (other than of pigskin) and outer soles of rubber or plastics; the foregoing other than house slippers, work footwear, tennis shoes, basketball shoes, gym shoes, training shoes and the like, and other than slip-on footwear; such footwear not covering the ankle, valued $27/pair or higher, designed to be worn in lieu of, but not over, other footwear as a protection against water, oil, grease or chemicals or cold or inclement weather where such protection includes protection against water that is imparted by the use of a laminated textile fabric (provided for in subheading 6403.99.60) ............... 2.7% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1296. WOMEN’S OXFORD-STYLE COMPOSITE SAFETY TOE FOOTWEAR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.25 Work footwear for women, with outer soles of rubber, plastics, leather or composition leather and uppers of leather, the foregoing not covering the ankle, incorporating a protective toe cap of materials other than metal, valued over $2.50 per pair (provided for in subheading 6403.99.90) .................................................... Fr ee No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1297. CHILDREN’S FOOTWEAR WITH LEATH-ER UPPERS, VALUED AT $20 PER PAIR OR HIGHER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.26 Footwear for other persons, with uppers of leather (other than of pigskin) and outer soles of rubber or plastics (other than house slippers, work footwear, tennis shoes, basketball shoes, gym shoes, training shoes and the like and other than slip-on footwear), not covering the ankle, valued $20/pair or higher, de-signed to be worn in lieu of, but not over, other footwear as a protection against water, oil, grease or chemicals or cold or inclement weather where such protection is imparted by the use of a laminated textile and has openings in the bottom and/or side of the sole, or covered openings in the upper above the sole unit or a combination thereof, designed to vent moisture; the foregoing, if for women, other than such footwear valued over $29/pair (provided for in subheading 6403.99.90) .......................................................... . Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1298. WOMEN’S FOOTWEAR WITH LEATHER UPPERS, VALUED AT $29 PER PAIR OR HIGHER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.27 Footwear for women, with uppers of leather (other than of pigskin) and outer soles of rubber or plastics (other than house slippers, work footwear, tennis shoes, basketball shoes, gym shoes, training shoes and the like and other than slip-on footwear); such footwear not covering the ankle, valued $29/pair or higher, designed to be worn in lieu of, but not over, other footwear as a protection against water, oil, grease or chemicals or cold or inclement weather where such protection is imparted by the use of a laminated textile and has openings in the bottom and/or side of the sole, or covered openings in the upper above the sole unit, or a combination thereof, designed to vent moisture (provided for in subheading 6403.99.90) .............. 2.9% No change N o change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00162 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H337 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 1299. WOMEN’S HOUSE SLIPPERS WITH LEATHER UPPERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.28 House slippers with outer soles of rubber or plastics and uppers of leather, valued over $2.50/pair, for women (provided for in subheading 6403.99.90) .................................................................................. .............. 7.9% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1300. WOMEN’S WATERPROOF LEATHER FOOTWEAR, VALUED AT $27 PER PAIR OR HIGHER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.29 Footwear for women, with uppers of leather (other than of pigskin) and outer soles of rubber or plastics (other than house slippers, work footwear, tennis shoes, basketball shoes, gym shoes, training shoes and the like and other than slip-on footwear); such footwear not covering the ankle, valued $27/pair or higher, designed to be worn in lieu of, but not over, other footwear as a protection against water, oil, grease or chemicals or cold or inclement weather where such protection includes protection against water that is im-parted by the use of a laminated textile fabric); the foregoing, if valued $29/pair or higher, other than footwear with openings in the bottom and/or side of the sole, or covered openings in the upper above the sole unit, or a combination thereof, designed to vent moisture (provided for in subheading 6403.99.90) ...... 6.6% No change No c hange On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1301. CHILDREN’S WATERPROOF LEATHER FOOTWEAR, VALUED AT $18 PER PAIR OR OVER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.30 Footwear for other persons, with uppers of leather (other than of pigskin) and outer soles of rubber or plastics (other than house slippers, work footwear, tennis shoes, basketball shoes, gym shoes, training shoes and the like and other than slip-on footwear), not covering the ankle, valued $18/pair or higher; such footwear designed to be worn in lieu of, but not over, other footwear as a protection against water, oil, grease or chemicals or cold or inclement weather where such protection includes protection against water that is imparted by the use of a laminated textile fabric; the foregoing other than footwear for women either (i) valued over $27/pair, or (ii) if valued over $20/pair, having openings in the bottom and/or side of the sole, or covered openings in the upper above the sole unit, or a combination thereof, designed to vent moisture (provided for in subheading 6403.99.90) ....................................................................... .......... 8.5% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1302. COMPETITIVE CHEER SHOE WITH LEATHER UPPERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.31 Women’s footwear with uppers of leather and outer soles of rubber or plastics, such soles measuring not over 9 mm in thickness, the foregoing designed for use in cheerleading activities, valued over $19/pair and weighing no more than 0.5 kg/pair (provided for in subheading 6403.99.90) .................................................. Free  No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1303. SPORTS AND ATHLETIC FOOTWEAR FOR WOMEN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.32 Women’s sports footwear; tennis shoes, basketball shoes, gym shoes, training shoes and the like, with outer soles of rubber or plastics and uppers textile materials, such uppers of which over 50 percent of the external surface area (including any leather accessories or reinforcements such as those mentioned in note 4(a) to chapter 64) is leather (provided for in subheading 6404.11.20) ......................................................... .. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1304. ATHLETIC TYPE SHOES FOR BOYS, GIRLS, AND BABIES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.33 Footwear other than for men or women, with uppers of textile materials and outer soles of rubber or plas-tics, of an athletic type, exclusively of adhesive construction, without a foxing or foxing-like band; such footwear valued over $3 but not over $6.50 per pair (provided for in subheading 6404.11.69) ...................... Free No change  No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1305. SKI BOOTS AND SNOWBOARD BOOTS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00163 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH338 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.14.34 Ski boots, cross country ski footwear or snowboard boots, the foregoing valued over $12/pair, with outer soles of rubber, plastics, leather or composition leather and uppers of textile materials (provided for in subheading 6404.11.90) ......................................................................................................... .............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1306. WOMEN’S SPORTS FOOTWEAR WITH WATERPROOF SOLES, VALUED OVER $20 PER PAIR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.35 Sports footwear for women, with outer soles of rubber or plastics and uppers of textile materials, valued over $20/pair, other than ski boots, cross country ski footwear and snowboard boots; such footwear de-signed to be worn in lieu of, but not over, other footwear as a protection against water, oil, grease or chemicals or cold or inclement weather where such protection is imparted by the use of a laminated textile and has openings in the bottom and/or side of the sole, or covered openings in the upper above the sole unit, or a combination thereof, designed to vent moisture (provided for in subheading 6404.11.90) .............. 12.6% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1307. MEN’S SPORTS FOOTWEAR WITH WA-TERPROOF SOLES, VALUED OVER $20 PER PAIR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.36 Sports footwear for men, with outer soles of rubber or plastics and uppers of textile materials, valued over $20/pair, other than ski boots, cross country ski footwear and snowboard boots; such footwear designed to be worn in lieu of, but not over, other footwear as a protection against water, oil, grease or chemicals or cold or inclement weather where such protection is imparted by the use of a laminated textile and has openings in the bottom and/or side of the sole, or covered openings in the upper above the sole unit, or a combination thereof, designed to vent moisture (provided for in subheading 6404.11.90) .............................. 14.9% No ch ange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1308. MEN’S BOOTS FOR FISHING WADERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.37 Footwear for men, with vulcanized uppers of neoprene measuring 7 mm in thickness, covered with a polyester knit fleece on the interior and coated with rubber on the exterior, such footwear measuring in height (from the base of the inner sole to the top of the upper) 20.32 cm or more but not over 25.4 cm, with a cemented rubber sole; the foregoing waterproof, valued per pair at $40 or higher, with each boot having a slit in the top of upper collar designed to allow boot to be affixed to a fishing wader (provided for in subheading 6404.19.20) .................................................................................................. ........................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1309. WOMEN’S WATERPROOF FOOTWEAR WITH UPPERS OF LEATHER OR TEX-TILES, COVERING THE ANKLE, VAL-UED OVER $25 PER PAIR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.38 Footwear for women, with outer soles of rubber, plastics, leather or composition leather and uppers of tex-tile materials (except vulcanized footwear and footwear with waterproof molded or vulcanized bottoms, in-cluding bottoms comprising an outer sole and all or part of the upper, work footwear and footwear de-signed to be protective that is incomplete in its condition as imported); such footwear valued over $25/ pair, not covering the ankle, designed to be worn in lieu of, but not over, other footwear as a protection against water, oil, grease or chemicals or cold or inclement weather where such protection includes protec-tion against water that is imparted by the use of a laminated textile fabric (provided for in subheading 6404.19.20) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1310. WOMEN’S WATERPROOF FOOTWEAR WITH UPPERS OF LEATHER OR TEX-TILES, NOT COVERING THE ANKLE, VALUED OVER $25 PER PAIR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00164 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H339 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.14.39 Footwear for women, with outer soles of rubber, plastics, leather or composition leather and uppers of tex-tile materials (except vulcanized footwear and footwear with waterproof molded or vulcanized bottoms, in-cluding bottoms comprising an outer sole and all or part of the upper, work footwear, and except footwear designed to be protective that is incomplete in its condition as imported), valued over $27/pair, not cov-ering the ankle, designed to be worn in lieu of, but not over, other footwear as a protection against water, oil, grease or chemicals or cold or inclement weather where such protection is imparted by the use of a laminated textile and has openings in the bottom and/or side of the sole, or covered openings in the upper above the sole unit, or a combination thereof, designed to vent moisture (provided for in subheading 6404.19.20) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1311. WOMEN’S SHEEPSKIN FOOTWEAR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.40 Footwear for women, with uppers of vegetable fibers, with open toes or open heels, having uppers of which at least 30 percent of the external surface area (including any sheepskin accessories or reinforcements such as those mentioned in note 4(a) to chapter 64) is sheepskin; the foregoing having outer soles with textile materials having the greatest surface area in contact with the ground, but not taken into account under the terms of additional U.S. note 5 to chapter 64 (provided for in subheading 6404.19.36) ................ 5.0% No change N o change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1312. MEN’S, CHILDREN’S, AND INFANTS’ SHEEPSKIN FOOTWEAR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.41 Footwear (other than for women) with uppers of vegetable fibers, with open toes or open heels, having up-pers of which at least 30 percent of the external surface area (including any sheepskin accessories or rein-forcements such as those mentioned in note 4(a) to chapter 64) is sheepskin; the foregoing having outer soles with textile materials having the greatest surface area in contact with the ground, but not taken into account under the terms of additional U.S. note 5 to chapter 64 (provided for in subheading 6404.19.36) .. Free No change No chan ge On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1313. FOOTWEAR FOR WOMEN WITH TEX-TILE UPPERS, VALUED AT $15 PER PAIR OR HIGHER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.42 Footwear with outer soles of rubber or plastics, with uppers of textile material other than vegetable fibers and having outer soles with textile materials having the greatest surface area in contact with the ground, but not taken into account under the terms of additional note U.S. note 5 to chapter 64, with open toes or open heels or of the slip-on type, weighing 10 percent or more of rubber or plastics, valued $15/pair or higher; the foregoing for women (other than house slippers) (provided for in subheading 6404.19.37) ......... Free No change No c hange On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1314. FOOTWEAR FOR WOMEN WITH TEX-TILE UPPERS, VALUED BETWEEN $10 AND $14.99 PER PAIR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.43 Footwear with outer soles of rubber or plastics, with uppers of textile material other than vegetable fibers and having outer soles with textile materials having the greatest surface area in contact with the ground, but not taken into account under the terms of additional note U.S. note 5 to chapter 64, with open toes or open heels or of the slip-on type, weighing 10 percent or more of rubber or plastics, valued at $10 or more but not over $14.99/pair; the foregoing for women (other than house slippers) (provided for in subheading 6404.19.37) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1315. WOMEN’S, CHILDREN’S, AND INFANTS’ SHEEPSKIN FOOTWEAR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00165 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH340 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.14.44 Footwear (other than footwear for men) with outer soles of rubber or plastics and uppers of textile mate-rials other than vegetable fibers, with open toes or open heels, having uppers in which at least 30 percent of the external surface area (including any sheepskin accessories or reinforcements such as those men-tioned in note 4(a) to chapter 64) is sheepskin and having outer soles with textile materials having the greatest surface area in contact with the ground, but not taken into account under the terms of additional U.S. note 5 to chapter 64 (provided for in subheading 6404.19.37) .............................................................. .... 10.0% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1316. WOMEN’S SHEEPSKIN FOOTWEAR WITH UPPERS OF TEXTILES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.45 Footwear for women, with open toes or open heels, containing 10 percent or more by weight of rubber or plastics, with uppers of textile materials and having uppers in which at least 30 percent of the external surface area (including any sheepskin accessories or reinforcements such as those mentioned in note 4(a) to chapter 64) is sheepskin; the foregoing with outer soles of rubber or plastics and not having outer soles with textile materials having the greatest surface area in contact with the ground, but not taken into ac-count under the terms of additional U.S. note 5 to chapter 64 (provided for in subheading 6404.19.39) ...... 34.6% No change No c hange On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1317. MEN’S, CHILDREN’S, AND INFANTS’ SHEEPSKIN FOOTWEAR WITH UP-PERS OF TEXTILES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.46 Footwear (other than for women) with open toes or open heels, containing 10 percent or more by weight of rubber or plastics, with uppers of textile materials and having uppers in which at least 30 percent of the external surface area (including any sheepskin accessories or reinforcements such as those mentioned in note 4(a) to chapter 64) is sheepskin; the foregoing with outer soles of rubber or plastics and not having outer soles with textile materials having the greatest surface area in contact with the ground, but not taken into account under the terms of additional U.S. note 5 to chapter 64 (provided for in subheading 6404.19.39) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... 31.5% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1318. CHILDREN’S FOOTWEAR WITH UPPERS OF VEGETABLE FIBERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.47 Footwear with uppers of vegetable fibers (other than such footwear for men or women), whether with outer soles of rubber or plastics (provided for in subheading 6404.11.41, 6404.11.51, 6404.11.61, 6404.11.71, 6404.11.81, 6404.19.36, 6404.19.42, 6404.19.52, 6404.19.72 or 6404.19.82) or with outer soles of mate-rials other than leather or composition leather (provided for in subheading 6405.20.30) ................................ 7.4% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1319. HOUSE SLIPPERS WITH TEXTILE UP-PERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.48 House slippers with outer soles of rubber or plastics and uppers of textile materials other than vegetable fibers, valued over $6.50 but not over $12/pair, such outer soles with textile materials having the greatest surface area in contact with the ground but not taken into account under the terms of additional U.S. note 5 to chapter 64 (provided for in subheading 6404.19.87) ........................................................................ .......... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1320. MEN’S FOOTWEAR, COVERING THE ANKLE BUT NOT THE KNEE VALUED OVER $24 PER PAIR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.49 Footwear for men, valued over $24/pair, covering the ankle but not covering the knee, with outer soles of rubber or plastics and uppers of textile materials (provided for in subheading 6404.19.90) ........................... 8.1% No ch ange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1321. OXFORD FOOTWEAR WITH TEXTILE UP-PERS AND COMPOSITE TOES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.50 Footwear for men or women, with outer soles of rubber or plastics and uppers of textile materials, not cov-ering the ankle, valued over $12/pair, incorporating a protective toe cap of materials other than metal (provided for in subheading 6404.19.90) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00166 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H341 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 1322. WOMEN’S FOOTWEAR WITH LEATHER SOLES AND TEXTILE UPPERS, VAL-UED AT NOT MORE THAN $20 PER PAIR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.51 Footwear for women with outer soles of leather or composition leather and uppers of textile materials, not elsewhere specified or included, valued not over $20.00 per pair, the foregoing other than footwear con-taining less than 10 percent by weight of rubber or plastics and other than containing 50 percent or less by weight of textile materials and rubber or plastics with at least 10 percent by weight being rubber or plastics (provided for in subheading 6404.20.60) ............................................................................... ................ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1323. WOMEN’S FOOTWEAR WITH LEATHER SOLES AND TEXTILE UPPERS, VAL-UED OVER $20 PER PAIR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.52 Footwear for women, with outer soles of leather or composition leather and uppers of textile materials, not elsewhere specified or included, valued over $20.00 per pair; the foregoing other than footwear containing less than 10 percent by weight of rubber or plastics and other than containing 50 percent or less by weight of textile materials and rubber or plastics with at least 10 percent by weight being rubber or plas-tics (provided for in subheading 6404.20.60) ................................................................................... .................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1324. MEN’S BOOTS FOR FISHING WADERS WITH FELT OUTSOLES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.53 Footwear for men, with vulcanized uppers of neoprene measuring 7 mm in thickness, covered with a poly-ester knit fleece on the interior and coated with rubber on the exterior; such footwear measuring (from the base of the inner sole to the top of the upper) 20.32 cm or more but not over 25.4 cm in height, with felt outsoles; the foregoing waterproof, valued at $40 per pair or higher and with each boot having with a slit in the top of upper collar to allow boot to be affixed to a fishing wader (provided for in subheading 6405.20.90) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1325. NOVELTY HOUSE SLIPPERS WITH SOUND OR LIGHT. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.54 House slippers with outer soles and uppers of textile materials, each with anti-slip traction dots on the outer sole, incorporating a battery-operated sound or light device (provided for in subheading 6405.20.90) Free No change No cha nge On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1326. MEN’S FOOTWEAR WITH FELT SOLES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.55 Footwear for men, with uppers of which over 50 percent of the external surface is polyurethane measuring 1.4 mm in thickness and with cemented outer soles of which over 50 percent of the external surface is felt, having the characteristics required for normal use, including durability and strength; the foregoing not covering the ankle and valued $20 per pair or higher (provided for in subheading 6405.90.90) .................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1327. REMOVABLE FOOTWEAR NEOPRENE CUFFS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.56 Detachable footwear gravel guards with uppers of 3 mm neoprene, nylon jersey face and underside, each measuring 17.78 cm or more but not over 20.32 cm in height, with tapered fit, designed to be held to the shoe with a hook-and-loop fastener strip and loop wrap to affix together (provided for in subheading 6406.90.15) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1328. REMOVABLE INSOLES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.57 Removable insoles of rubber or plastics, the foregoing designed to provide foot support (provided for in subheading 6406.90.30) ......................................................................................................... .............................. 4.5% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00167 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH342 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 1329. HATS OF VEGETABLE FIBERS, PLAITED AND SEWED. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.58 Hats and headgear of vegetable fibers, of unspun fibrous vegetable materials, of paper yarn or of any combination thereof, plaited but not of plaited strips, sewed (provided for in subheading 6504.00.30) ......... 4.4% No change No  change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1330. HATS OF VEGETABLE FIBERS, SEWN BY ASSEMBLED STRIPS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.59 Hats and headgear of vegetable fibers, of unspun fibrous vegetable materials, of paper yarn or of any combination thereof, made by assembling strips and sewed (provided for in subheading 6504.00.30) .......... 1.9% No change No cha nge On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1331. HATS OF VEGETABLE FIBERS, PLAIT-ED, NOT SEWN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.60 Hats and headgear of vegetable fibers, of unspun fibrous vegetable materials, of paper yarn or of any combination thereof, plaited, but not of plaited strips and not sewed (provided for in subheading 6504.00.60) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... 3.6% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1332. HATS OF VEGETABLE FIBERS, MADE BY ASSEMBLING STRIPS, NOT SEWN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.61 Hats and headgear of vegetable fibers, of unspun fibrous vegetable materials, of paper yarn or of any combination thereof, of plaited strips or made by assembling strips and not sewed (provided for in sub-heading 6504.00.60) ............................................................................................................ ................................. 1.7% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1333. HATS CONTAINING 23 PERCENT OR MORE OF WOOL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.62 Hats and other headgear, knitted, or made up in the piece from lace, felt or other textile fabric (but not in strips), of cotton and containing 23 percent or more by weight of wool, the foregoing other than for babies and other than visors, or other headgear which provides no covering for the crown of the head (provided for in subheading 6505.00.15) .................................................................................................. ........................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1334. HATS CONTAINING LESS THAN 23 PER-CENT OF WOOL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.63 Hats and other headgear, knitted, or made up in the piece from lace, felt or other textile fabric (but not in strips), of cotton and containing less than 23 percent by weight of wool, the foregoing other than for ba-bies, and other than visors, or other headgear that provides no covering for the crown of the head (pro-vided for in subheading 6505.00.15) ............................................................................................ ....................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1335. HATS OF MAN-MADE FIBER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.64 Hats and headgear, of man-made fibers, knitted or crocheted or made up from knitted or crocheted fabrics in the piece (but not in strips), not in part of braid, each valued at $5.00 or more (provided for in sub-heading 6505.00.60) ............................................................................................................ ................................. 6.3% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1336. BABIES’ HATS OF MAN-MADE FIBER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.65 Babies’ woven hats of man-made fibers, not in part of braid (provided for in subheading 6505.00.80) ........ Free N o change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00168 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H343 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 1337. PATIO UMBRELLA FRAME. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.66 Umbrella frames, not presented with bases, the foregoing with aluminum center support poles of a length greater than 2.133 m, whether or not including a tilt function (provided for in subheading 6603.20.90) ...... 2.1% No change No c hange On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1338. PLASTIC PLANTS FOR AQUARIUMS AND TERRARIUMS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.67 Foliage and flowers of plastics, representing desert or underwater plants and not exceeding 45.72 cm in height, each assembled by gluing and inserted into a base or suction cup, the foregoing presented put up for retail sale as goods designed for a household terrarium or aquarium (provided for in subheading 6702.10.20) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1339. PLASTIC PLANTS FOR AQUARIUMS, NOT GLUED OR BOUND. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.68 Foliage and flowers of plastics, representing desert or underwater plants, each inserted directly into a base or suction cup, measuring not over 20.32 cm in height, not assembled by gluing or similar means or by binding with flexible materials such as wire, paper, textile materials or foil; the foregoing presented put up for retail sale as goods designed for a household terrarium or aquarium (provided for in subheading 6702.10.40) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1340. POLYCRYSTALLINE FIBERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.69 Polycrystalline fibers containing by weight over 70 percent of alumina and less than 30 percent of silica, the foregoing containing no alkaline oxides or boric oxide, presented in bulk (provided for in subheading 6806.10.00) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1341. CATALYTIC CONVERTER NEEDLED BLANKET MATS WITH A THICKNESS OF 10 MM OR MORE AND NOT OVER 3 PERCENT OF BINDER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.70 Catalytic converter needled blanket mats of ceramic fibers, containing over 65 percent by weight of alu-minum oxide and not over 3 percent of acrylic latex organic binder, of a basis weight greater than or equal to 1745 g/m
2, measuring 10.0 mm or more in thickness; the foregoing presented in bulk, sheets or rolls, designed for use in motor vehicles of heading 8703 (provided for in subheading 6806.10.00). ...................... Free No change  No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1342. CATALYTIC CONVERTER BLANKET MATS WITH A THICKNESS BETWEEN 5 MM AND 9.9 MM AND NOT OVER 3 PERCENT OF BINDER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.71 Catalytic converter needled blanket mats of ceramic fibers, containing over 65 percent by weight of alu-minum oxide and not over 3 percent by weight of acrylic latex organic binder, of a basis weight less than 1745 g/m
2, measuring 5.0 mm or more but not over 9.9 mm in thickness; presented in bulk, sheets or rolls, designed for use in motor vehicles of heading 8703 (provided for in subheading 6806.10.00). ............ 0.1% No change No  change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1343. CATALYTIC CONVERTER NEEDLED BLANKET MATS WITH A THICKNESS BETWEEN 5 MM AND 9.9 MM AND BE-TWEEN 3 AND 7 PERCENT OF BIND-ER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00169 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH344 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.14.72 Catalytic converter needled blanket mats of ceramic fibers containing over 65 percent by weight of alu-minum oxide, containing an acrylic latex organic binder of greater than 3 percent and less than 7 percent by weight, of a basis weight less than 1745 g/m
2, measuring at least 5.0 mm or no more than 9.9 mm in thickness, in bulk, sheets or rolls, designed for motor vehicles of heading 8703 (provided for in subheading 6806.10.00). ................................................................................................................... ....................................... 2.1% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1344. CATALYTIC CONVERTER NEEDLED BLANKET MATS WITH A THICKNESS OF 10 MM OR MORE AND BETWEEN 3 AND 7 PERCENT BINDER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.73 Catalytic converter needled blanket mats of ceramic fibers, containing over 65 percent by weight of alu-minum oxide and 3 percent or more but less than 7 percent by weight of acrylic latex organic binder, measuring 10.0 mm or more in thickness, of a basis weight greater than or equal to 1745 g/m
2; presented in bulk, sheets or rolls, designed for use in motor vehicles of heading 8703 (provided for in subheading 6806.10.00). ................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1345. LARGE FORMAT ULTRA-COMPACTED CERAMIC SURFACES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.74 Stoneware ceramic slabs each measuring at least 320 cm in length by 144 cm in width (provided for in subheading 6914.90.80) ......................................................................................................... .............................. 4.7% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1346. GLASS BEADS FROM 3 TO 6 MM IN DI-AMETER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.75 Glass in balls (other than microspheres of heading 7018), unworked and not comprising made-up articles, each measuring over 3 mm but not over 6 mm in diameter (provided for in subheading 7002.10.10) .......... Free No change No chang e On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1347. POLISHED WIRED GLASS IN RECTAN-GULAR SHEETS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.76 Wired rolled glass, surface ground and polished but not further worked, presented in rectangular shapes and with a thickness of 6.35 mm or more, designed to retain glass fragments within wired sashes when shattered due to exposure to fire or impact (provided for in subheading 7005.30.00) ..................................... Free No  change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1348. MENISCUS-SHAPED DRAWN GLASS-CE-RAMIC DISCS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.77 Discs of drawn glass, each measuring between 1.4 m and 1.7 m in diameter, between 40 and 50 mm in thickness and between 200 and 250 kg in weight, the foregoing having been machined so as to render one surface concave in shape and the opposite surface convex in shape, the foregoing not framed or fitted with other materials and not designed to manipulate light to create an optical effect (provided for in sub-heading 7006.00.40) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1349. TEMPERED GLASS COOKWARE COV-ERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.78 Tempered glass covers for cooking ware, such covers produced by automatic machine (provided for in sub-heading 7010.20.20) ............................................................................................................ ................................. 0.1% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1350. TRANSPARENT GLASS-CERAMIC COOKWARE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00170 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H345 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.14.79 Kitchenware of glass-ceramics, non-glazed and greater than 75 percent by volume crystalline (provided for in subheading 7013.10.10) ...................................................................................................... ............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1351. OPAQUE GLASS-CERAMIC COOKWARE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.80 Opaque cooking ware of glass-ceramics (provided for in subheading 7013.10.50) .................................... ...... 7.1% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1352. NOVELTY DESIGNED DRINK COAST-ERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.81 Sets of coasters of glass, not pressed or toughened (specially tempered), each printed with a cross-sec-tional image of an object after formation of the glass which, when the coasters in any set are stacked, de-pict a three-dimensional image of such object; each coaster with attached protective rubber feet and val-ued over $0.30 each but not over $3 each (provided for in subheading 7013.99.50) ...................................... Free No c hange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1353. BLOWN GLASS VASES MEASURING BE-TWEEN 15.2 CM AND 20.4 CM TALL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.82 Vases of blown glass, not pressed or toughened (specially tempered), with blown-in color, the foregoing with no decoration from glass, metal flecking, pictorial scenes or thread- or ribbon-like effects embedded or introduced into the body of such goods prior to solidification; measuring at least 15.2 cm but not over 20.4 cm in height, with an opening at least 11.4 cm but not more than 12.7 cm wide, valued not over $3.00 each; presented without seeds or stones (provided for in subheading 7013.99.50) ............................... Free No cha nge No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1354. BLOWN GLASS VASES MEASURING BE-TWEEN 20.4 CM AND 25.4 CM TALL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.83 Vases of blown glass, not pressed or toughened (specially tempered), with blown-in color, the foregoing with no decoration from glass, metal flecking, pictorial scenes or thread- or ribbon-like effects embedded or introduced into the body of such goods prior to solidification; measuring over 20.4 cm but not over 25.4 cm in height, with an opening at least 11.4 cm but not more than 12.7 cm wide, valued not over $3.00 each; presented without seeds or stones (provided for in subheading 7013.99.50) .......................................... Free N o change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1355. GLASSWARE USED FOR INDOOR DECOR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.84 Mouth-blown decorative figures of birds, of glass, valued over $15.00 each and identifiable by a pontil mark (provided for in subheading 7013.99.90) ................................................................................... ................ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1356. CHOPPED STRANDS OF GLASS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.85 Chopped strands of glass, of a length greater than 50 mm, containing over 90 percent silica by weight (provided for in subheading 7019.19.30) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1357. SLIVERS OF GLASS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.86 Slivers of glass, containing over 90 percent silica by weight (provided for in subheading 7019.19.90) ......... Fre e No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1358. LIQUID-FILLED GLASS BULBS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00171 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH346 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.14.87 Liquid-filled glass bulbs designed for use in sprinkler systems and other release devices (provided for in subheading 7020.00.60) ......................................................................................................... .............................. 1.8% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1359. SILVER WIRE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.88 Silver wire, containing 90 percent or more by weight of silver, but not more than 93 percent by weight of silver, and containing 6 percent or more by weight of tin oxide, but not more than 9 percent by weight of tin oxide (provided for in subheading 7106.92.50) .............................................................................. ............... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1360. STRIPS CONSISTING OF SILVER AND TIN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.89 Silver in semimanufactured form, containing by weight 87 to 89 percent of silver, 11 to 13 percent of tin and 0.1 to 0.7 percent of copper oxide, presented in the form of strip and certified by the importer as suit-able for use in electrical contact systems intended for the manufacture of switches and relays (provided for in subheading 7106.92.50) .................................................................................................. ........................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1361. GAUZES MADE OF PRECIOUS METAL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.90 Gauzes containing platinum, palladium and rhodium (provided for in subheading 7115.10.00) ..................... Fre e No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1362. STRIPS CONSISTING OF SILVER, COP-PER, AND ZINC. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.91 Clad strips of silver, further worked than semimanufactured, each containing 54 percent or more but not over 56 percent by weight of silver; having three layers with one layer containing 87 percent or more but not over 89 percent by weight of silver and 11 percent or more but not over 3 percent of tin, a second layer containing 99.9 percent or more by weight of silver, and a third layer containing 14.5 percent or more but not over 15.5 percent by weight of silver, 79 percent or more but not over 81 percent of copper and 4.8 percent or more but not over 5.2 percent of phosphorus; measuring 15.65 mm in width and 0.95 mm in thickness, presented in coils (provided for in subheading 7115.90.40) ....................................................... . Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1363. PINS AND METAL INSERTS, VALUED AT $0.20 EACH OR LESS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.92 Pins and metal inserts of iron, fully plated in gold, silver or bronze color, engraved or shaped to memori-alize current year, replicate school mascots or symbolize academic, sport, fine arts and guard achieve-ments, such pins or inserts valued not more than $0.20 each (provided for in subheading 7117.19.90) ...... Free No change No chan ge On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1364. FERROBORON. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.93 Ferroboron to be used for manufacturing amorphous metal strip (provided for in subheading 7202.99.80) ... Free No c hange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1365. SCREW ANCHORS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.94 Self-tapping screw anchors of steel (provided for in 7318.14.50), each having a shank (body) measuring 6.35 mm in diameter and an internally threaded hex washer head measuring 9.53 mm, having cut threads (provided for in subheading 7318.14.50) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1366. PORTABLE GAS COOKING STOVE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00172 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H347 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.14.95 Portable propane gas camping stoves, each with one adjustable burner rated to generate up to 7,650 Brit-ish thermal units (BTUs) of power, with casing of steel and pan support of steel covered with porcelain, the foregoing valued $4 or more but not over $20 each (provided for in subheading 7321.11.10) ................. Free No change No  change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1367. STAINLESS STEEL HANDLES FOR COOKWARE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.96 Handles of stainless steel, the foregoing comprising parts of cooking ware (provided for in subheading 7323.93.00) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... 1.5% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1368. VACUUM STEEL HINGED LID PITCHERS NOT EXCEEDING 1L. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.97 Insulated thermal pitchers, each with stainless steel interior and exterior, with hinged stainless steel lid and a capacity not exceeding 1 liter (provided for in subheading 7323.93.00) ................................................ Fre e No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1369. SMALL METAL WIRE CRATE FOR DOGS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.98 Wire crates of iron or steel, designed for dogs, the foregoing that can be folded down, less than or equal to 0.76 m in length (provided for in subheading 7323.99.90) .................................................................... ....... 1.4% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1370. LARGE METAL WIRE CRATE FOR DOGS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.99 Wire crates of iron or steel, designed for dogs, the foregoing that can be folded down, greater than 0.76 but less than 1.37 m in length (provided for in subheading 7323.99.90) ........................................................ 1 .4% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1371. METAL WIRE CAGES FOR PETS OTHER THAN DOGS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.01 Wire cages of iron or steel, each with attached tray of plastics or of steel, such cages with one or two hinged doors for access to inside of cage, the foregoing designed for small pets other than dogs and for use in the home (provided for in subheading 7323.99.90) ........................................................................ ......... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1372. TWO-STORY FIRE ESCAPE LADDERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.02 Fire escape ladders no taller than 4.3 m when fully extended, tested to support 510.3 kg of weight and de-signed to be hung from a window measuring 15 cm or more but not over 25 cm; such ladders each com-posed of window brackets and rungs (stairs) of steel and rope of man-made fibers that connects the rungs to each other and to the window bracket; with slip resistant rungs and stabilizers, the foregoing for residential use, valued not over $19 each (provided for in subheading 7326.90.86) ....................................... Free No  change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1373. THREE-STORY FIRE ESCAPE LADDERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.03 Fire escape ladders measuring 4.4 m or more but not more than 7.4 m tall when fully extended, tested to support 510.3 kg of weight and designed to be hung from a window measuring 15 cm or more but not over 25 cm; such ladders each composed of window brackets and rungs (stairs) of steel and rope of man- made fibers that connects the rungs to each other and to the window bracket; with slip resistant rungs and stabilizers, the foregoing for residential use, valued not over $34.50 each (provided for in subheading 7326.90.86) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1374. BELTS AND BANDOLIERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00173 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH348 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.15.04 Belts and bandoliers of iron or steel, not coated or plated with precious metal, the foregoing presented with or without buckle (provided for in subheading 7326.90.86) ................................................................. ...... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1375. SIDE PRESS WRINGER HANDLES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.05 Side press wringer handles of steel (provided for in subheading 7326.90.86) ...................................... ............ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1376. RISER SPECIALTY JOINTS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.06 Riser joints of iron or steel, designed to connect drilling rigs to subsea riser containment packages, the foregoing certified by the importer as designed for high bending moments and tension at the bottom and top of riser (provided for in subheading 7326.90.86) ........................................................................... .............. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1377. ISOSCELES TRIANGLE WIRE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.07 Cold-formed profiles of nickel alloys, having the symmetrical cross section of an isosceles triangle, with a total width between 2.9 mm and 3.1 mm and a height between 3.8 mm and 4.3 mm (provided for in sub-heading 7505.12.50) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1378. NICKEL ALLOY WIRE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.08 Cold-formed wire of nickel-titanium alloy, presented in coils, with round cross section, with a diameter of 0.1778 mm or more but not over 0.6350 mm (provided for in subheading 7505.22.10) .................................. Free No chang e No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1379. ALUMINUM MOUNTINGS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.09 Machined loupe mountings of cast aluminum, with polytetrafluoroethylene coating (provided for in sub-heading 7616.99.51) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1380. ZINC PUNCHES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.10 Zinc die-cast interior punches, each with a plastic exterior casing (provided for in subheading 7907.00.60) Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1381. SINTERED TUNGSTEN BAR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.11 Sintered tungsten bars containing 99.95 percent or more by weight of tungsten, in 0.004 mm (4 micron) size, each measuring 49.78 cm to 64.14 cm in length, 19.56 cm to 23.5 cm in width and 3.99 cm to 4.11 cm in thickness (provided for in subheading 8101.94.00) ........................................................................ ......... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1382. GALLIUM UNWROUGHT IN SOLID FORM. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.12 Gallium, unwrought and in solid form (provided for in subheading 8112.92.10) ..................................... ......... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1383. GERMANIUM UNWROUGHT IN INGOT FORM. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00174 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H349 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.15.13 Ingots of germanium, unwrought, each weighing 0.5 kg or more but less than 2 kg (provided for in sub-heading 8112.92.60). ........................................................................................................... ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1384. GERMANIUM PURIFIED METAL INGOTS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.14 Ingots and monocrystalline crystals of germanium, each classifiable as unwrought goods under the terms of additional U.S. note to section XV of the tariff schedule and containing 99.999 percent by weight of ger-manium (provided for in subheading 8112.92.60), the foregoing other than ingots of germanium, un-wrought, each weighing 0.5 kg or more but less than 2 kg ....................................................................... ....... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1385. GEAR DRIVEN ONE-HANDED PRUNERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.15 Secateurs and similar one-handed pruners and shears, each with a gear-driven rotatable handle which provides increased leverage and control to the movement of the blade (provided for in subheading 8201.50.00) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1386. NON-CIRCULAR GEAR DRIVEN TWO- HANDED PRUNING SHEARS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.16 Two-handed pruning and hedge shears, each with blades articulated around a non-circular gear mecha-nism (provided for in subheading 8201.60.00) ................................................................................... ................ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1387. SWIVEL HEAD GRASS SHEARS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.17 Grass shears, each with steel cutting blades articulated on a swivel head for horizontal trimming and vertical edging (provided for in subheading 8201.90.30) ........................................................................ ........... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1388. TWEEZERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.18 Tweezers (provided for in subheading 8203.20.20) ................................................................. ............................ 1.5% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1389. ROTARY CUTTING HAND TOOLS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.19 Household rotary cutting hand tools of iron or steel, each with a plastic or rubber handle and a blade guard, designed to cut paper or fabric by means of replaceable circular steel blades (provided for in sub-heading 8205.51.30) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1390. HAND TOOLS FOR APPLYING PLASTIC CLIP FASTENERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.20 Hand tools designed for attaching tags to garments with plastic fasteners, each comprising a steel feed mechanism housed in a plastic body and a replaceable hollow needle through which the fastener is fed, then inserted through the garment material (provided for in subheading 8205.59.55) .................................... Free No c hange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1391. FOUR-INCH BENCH VISES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.21 Steel bench vises, each weighing less than 9 kg, bolt mounted with a 180 degree swivel base and with re-versible jaw faces having a jaw width (opening) measuring between 11 and 12 cm (provided for in sub-heading 8205.70.00) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00175 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH350 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 1392. FIVE-INCH BENCH VISES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.22 Steel bench vises, weighing less than 13.5 kg, bolt mounted with a 180 degree swivel base and reversible jaw faces, having a jaw width (opening) between 13 and 14 cm (provided for in subheading 8205.70.00) .. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1393. SIX-INCH BENCH VISES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.23 Steel bench vises, each weighing less than 18.75 kg, bolt mounted with a 180 degree swivel base and with reversible jaw faces, having a jaw width (opening) of between 17 and 18 cm (provided for in sub-heading 8205.70.00) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1394. FIXED CARBIDE CUTTER AND ROLLER CONE DRILL BITS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.24 Rotary rock drill bits, each with cutting part containing by weight over 0.2 percent of chromium, molyb-denum or tungsten or over 0.1 percent of vanadium (provided for in subheading 8207.19.30), designed for use with rock drilling and earth boring tools of heading 8430 .................................................................. ........ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1395. FIXED DIAMOND CUTTER AND ROLLER CONE DRILL BITS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.25 Rotary or fixed cutter drill bits, each with cutting part of precious or semiprecious stones (natural, syn-thetic or reconstructed) on a substrate of base metal or metal carbide mounted to a base metal body, the foregoing designed for use with rock drilling and earth boring tools of heading 8430 (provided for in sub-heading 8207.19.60) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1396. STEEL LINER INSULATED COFFEE SERVERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.26 Vacuum insulated coffee servers with liners of steel, each with a capacity over 2 liters, containing a brew- through lid and hole at bottom of server for lever faucet attachment (provided for in subheading 8210.00.00) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1397. VACUUM STEEL LINED COFFEE SERV-ERS WITH LIDS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.27 Vacuum insulated coffee servers, each with outer layer and liner of steel, with a capacity over 2 liters, with tightly fitted hinged lid with a center hole designed to allow brewed beverages to pass directly into such server with top lever action for dispensing (provided for in subheading 8210.00.00) ............................. Free No ch ange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1398. VACUUM STEEL INSULATED COFFEE SERVERS WITH BASES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.28 Vacuum insulated coffee servers with liners of steel, each with a capacity over 2 liters, with base but no lid and a hole at bottom of server for lever faucet attachment at time of importation (provided for in sub-heading 8210.00.00) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1399. FULL TANG KNIVES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.29 Kitchen knives with stainless steel fixed blades, each with visible full tang in handle components of plas-tics, the foregoing whether or not packaged with a cutting block, scissors, knife sharpeners or related ac-cessories (provided for in subheading 8211.92.90) .............................................................................. ............... 2.0% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00176 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H351 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 1400. PET GROOMING SCISSORS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.30 Scissors, valued over $1.75/dozen, designed for use in pet grooming and presented with attached retail la-beling or put up for retail sale as goods designed to cut pet hair (provided for in subheading 8213.00.90) Free No change No ch ange On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1401. SCISSORS, VALUED OVER $1.75 PER DOZEN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.31 Scissors, valued over $1.75/dozen, each with stainless steel blades, one small loop handle and one larger loop handle and with an overall length of less than 17 cm, the foregoing other than those scissors de-signed for use in pet grooming and presented with attached retail labeling or put up for retail sale as goods designed to cut pet hair (provided for in subheading 8213.00.90) ......................................................... 4.2% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1402. NAIL CLIPPERS FOR PETS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.32 Nail clippers with stainless steel blades, each having one or both blades with rounded edged cut-outs and designed for use in cutting nails of dogs, cats or other small pets (including birds, rabbits, ferrets, ham-sters, guinea pigs or gerbils) (provided for in subheading 8214.20.30). ........................................................ ... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1403. NAIL CLIPPERS, NAIL NIPPERS, AND NAIL FILES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.33 Nail nippers and clippers and nail files, the foregoing other than nail nippers and clippers with one or both blades having rounded edged cut-outs and designed for use in cutting nails of dogs, cats or other small pets (including birds, rabbits, ferrets, hamsters, guinea pigs or gerbils) (provided for in subheading 8214.20.30) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... 2.8% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1404. MANICURE AND PEDICURE SETS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.34 Manicure and pedicure sets, each set containing clippers, files and similar manicure or pedicure products; the foregoing not in leather containers (provided for in subheading 8214.20.90) ............................................ 1.6%  No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1405. PADLOCKS OF BASE METAL IMPORTED IN BULK. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.35 Padlocks of base metal, of cylinder or pin tumbler construction, each measuring over 3.8 cm but not over 6.4 cm in width, not put up for retail sale (provided for in subheading 8301.10.80) ...................................... 2.0% N o change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1406. MANUAL DOOR CLOSERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.36 Manual door closers of base metal, suitable for use on buildings, such closers with adjustable latch speed tension to suit individual needs; designed with side mount activation button which reduces user damage during activation (provided for in subheading 8302.41.30) ...................................................................... .......... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1407. ANTITHEFT STEEL CASES WITH DIG-ITAL LOCKS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.37 Armored safes of welded steel, each weighing 11.8 kg or less, valued $24 or more but not over $36, with digital lock (provided for in heading 8303.00.00) .............................................................................. ................. 1.6% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00177 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH352 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 1408. RECOVERY BOILER ECONOMIZERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.38 Economizers comprising auxiliary plant for use with boilers of heading 8402, with a pressure capacity of 10686.87 kPa, certified by the importer as for use in the pulp and paper industry (provided for in sub-heading 8404.10.00) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1409. STEAM TURBINES WITH AN OUTPUT BETWEEN 60 MW AND 120 MW. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.39 Stationary steam turbines, condensing type, direct drive, suited for use with a generator, having an output of 60 MW or more but not over 120 MW, with a rotational speed more than 3500 RPM (provided for in sub-heading 8406.81.10) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1410. STEAM TURBINES WITH AN OUTPUT BETWEEN 27 MW AND 40 MW. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.40 Steam turbines, multi-stage, condensing type, direct drive, suitable for use with a generator, having an output of 27 MW or more but not over 40 MW, with an operating rotational speed more than 3500 RPM (provided for in subheading 8406.82.10) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1411. USED COMPRESSION-IGNITION INTER-NAL COMBUSTION ENGINES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.41 Used compression-ignition internal combustion piston engines to be installed in vehicles of subheading 8701.20 or heading 8704 (provided for in subheading 8408.20.20) ................................................................ .. 1.5% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1412. ENGINE BLOCKS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.42 Engine blocks, each weighting over 272 kg but not over 317 kg, for compression-ignition internal combus-tion piston engines (diesel or semi-diesel engines) having a cylinder capacity of approximately 12.4 liters for vehicles of subheading 8701.20 (provided for in subheading 8409.99.91) .................................................. 0.6 % No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1413. HIGH SILICON MOLYBDENUM EX-HAUST MANIFOLDS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.43 High silicon molybdenum exhaust manifolds for use in compression-ignition internal combustion piston en-gines (diesel or semi-diesel engines) with cylinder capacity of 2,300 cc or more but not exceeding 20,000 cc, each manifold measuring at least 80 cm but not exceeding 200 cm in length, at least 10 cm but not over 200 cm in width, and at least 10 cm but not exceeding 200 cm in height (provided for in subheading 8409.99.91) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... 1.9% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1414. CONNECTING RODS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.44 Connecting rods designed for use in compression-ignition internal combustion piston engines (diesel or semi-diesel engines) for vehicles of subheading 8701.20 or heading 8702, 8703, or 8704, each rod meas-uring at least 20 cm but not exceeding 120 cm in length, at least 10 cm but not exceeding 60 cm in width, and at least 5 cm but not exceeding 90 cm in height (provided for in subheading 8409.99.91) ........ 0.4% No change No cha nge On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1415. CRANKCASES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.45 Cast iron crankcases, suitable for use solely or principally with marine propulsion engines, each crankcase measuring more than 1.1 m in length (provided for in subheading 8409.99.92) ............................................. Free No  change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00178 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H353 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 1416. CYLINDER HEADS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.46 Cast-iron cylinder heads suitable for use solely or principally with marine compression-ignition engines, such parts with cylinder bore over 125 mm and weighing over 32 kg each (provided for in subheading 8409.99.92) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1417. PISTONS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.47 Pistons suitable for use solely or principally with marine propulsion engines, such pistons each having a cast steel crown and aluminum body, weighing 12 kg or more (provided for in subheading 8409.99.92) ...... Free No change No chang e On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1418. FUEL PUMP ASSEMBLIES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.48 Fuel-injection pump assemblies, designed for compression-ignition internal combustion engines with a ca-pacity of 6.4 liters and with output of less than 1000 kW of power (provided for in subheading 8413.30.10), the foregoing other than used goods ............................................................................... .............. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1419. HIGH PRESSURE PUMPS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.49 Fuel-injection pumps, designed for compression-ignition engines having an output of 1000 kW or greater, each pump weighing 60 kg or more and capable of generating a pressure greater than 1200 bar, such pumps designed for use in a common rail fuel system (provided for in subheading 8413.30.10), the fore-going other than used goods .................................................................................................... ............................ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1420. USED FUEL PUMPS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.50 Used fuel, lubricating or cooling medium pumps designed for internal combustion piston engines (provided for in subheading 8413.30.10 or 8413.30.90) .................................................................................... ................. 0.6% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1421. FUEL TRANSFER PUMPS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.51 New fuel pumps for compression-ignition engines, other than fuel-injection pumps, such pumps measuring 2 cm or more but not over 163 cm in length, 2 cm or more but less than 127 cm in width and 2 cm or more but less than 95 cm in height (provided for in subheading 8413.30.90) ................................................ 0.5% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1422. FUEL PUMPS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.52 High pressure fuel pumps, each incorporating a default open or closed solenoid valve, certified by the im-porter to be used in regulating the fuel supply into the fuel rail, designed for use in gasoline direct injec-tion (GDI) spark-ignition internal combustion piston engines (provided for in subheading 8413.30.90); the foregoing other than used goods ................................................................................................ .......................... 1.7% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1423. PUMPS FOR VACUUMS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.53 Vacuum pumps, each having a steel casing and outer shell of plastics to permit cooling; such pumps measuring approximately 22 cm in height and 16 cm in width, having an aperture to connect with a HEPA filter and a power output rating exceeding 850 W but not over 1050 W, valued no more than $24 each (provided for in subheading 8414.10.00) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00179 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH354 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 1424. EXHAUST FANS FOR PERMANENT IN-STALLATION. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.54 Exhaust fans for permanent ceiling installation designed to be used in the bathroom, each containing an electric motor with an output wattage not exceeding 125 W, with or without a light, with volume flow be-tween 1.35 m
3and 2.04 m3per minute and having a sound level greater than 2.2 sones but not exceed-ing 6.8 sones (provided for in subheading 8414.51.30) .......................................................................... ........... 4.1% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1425. EXHAUST FANS FOR PERMANENT IN-STALLATION. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.55 Exhaust fans designed for permanent ceiling installation in bathrooms, each with a self-contained electric DC brush-less motor with an output wattage not exceeding 125 W, with or without a light, such fans hav-ing a sound level rating greater than 0.1 sone but not exceeding 1.2 sones (provided for in subheading 8414.51.30) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... 3.0% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1426. BLOWER SUBASSEMBLIES INCOR-PORATED INTO FANS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.56 Blower subassemblies, each consisting of an electric A/C or D/C motor with an output wattage over 18.5 W but not exceeding 38.5 W, a metal or plastic blower wheel and a base plate, designed to be incorporated in ceiling fans for permanent installation of subheading 8414.51.30 or in heating units combining a heat-er, fan and lights for permanent installation, of subheading 8516.29.00 (provided for in subheading 8414.59.65) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1427. RANGE HOODS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.57 Chimney range hoods, island range hoods or under-the-cabinet range hoods, of a kind normally used in the household, designed for permanent installation to a wall or ceiling, each such hood measuring over 121 cm on its maximum horizontal side, presented with or without a blower; the foregoing, if presented without blower, incorporating other ventilating equipment (provided in subheading 8414.80.90) ................................. Free No c hange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1428. PRE-ASSEMBLED PEDESTAL FAN COL-UMN ASSEMBLIES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.58 Pedestal column assemblies comprising parts for oscillating electric fans, presented in the assembled con-dition, each consisting of upper and lower tubes of steel, with thermoplastic collet (sleeve) covering the connection point of such tubes together with accompanying collet insert and allowing the two tubes to be locked at adjustable intervals (provided for in subheading 8414.90.10) ......................................................... .. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1429. GRILLES FOR EXHAUST FANS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.59 Plastic grilles (provided for in subheading 8414.90.10), each incorporating a light-emitting diode (LED) light on the exterior perimeter capable of providing continuous light, certified by the importer as designed to be used with exhaust fans for permanent installation and generating 2.83 m
3per minute, such fans of a kind for residential use and described in subheading 8414.51.30 .............................................................. ... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1430. CERTAIN PORTABLE AIR CONDI-TIONERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.62 Air conditioning machines, incorporating a refrigerating unit, mounted on wheels or castors, exceeding 17.58 kW per hour (provided for in 8415.82.01) ................................................................................. ................ 0.8% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00180 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H355 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 1431. PORTABLE AIR CONDITIONERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.63 Air conditioning machines, each incorporating a refrigerating unit, mounted on wheels or castors, rated at less than 3.52 kW per hour (provided for in 8415.82.01) ........................................................................ ........... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1432. SELF-CONTAINED PORTABLE AIR CON-DITIONERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.64 Self-contained, portable air conditioning machines, not designed to be fixed to a window, wall, ceiling or floor, with cooling capacity rated at 3.52 kW per hour or more but less than 17.58 kW per hour (provided for in subheading 8415.82.01) .................................................................................................. ........................... 1.8% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1433. PRESSURE DISTILLATION COLUMNS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.66 Pressure distillation columns, designed to liquefy air and its component gases, the foregoing containing brazed aluminum plate-fin heat exchangers (provided for in subheading 8419.60.10) .................................... 2.7% No ch ange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1434. SHELL AND TUBE OIL COOLERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.67 Shell and tube oil coolers designed for compression-ignition engines, such coolers measuring 50 cm or more but not over 180 cm in length, 10 cm or more but not over 70 cm in width and 15 cm or more but not over 70 cm in height (provided for in subheading 8419.89.95) ............................................................... ... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1435. MOBILE SPRINKLERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.68 Self-propelled sprinklers for agricultural or horticultural purposes, other than center pivot type (provided for in subheading 8424.82.00) ...................................................................................................... ............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1436. FLEXOGRAPHIC PRINTERS WITH PRINT SPEED LESS THAN 184 ME-TERS PER MINUTE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.69 Flexographic printing machinery, having continuous roll feed, designed for printing on paperboard (whether or not such paperboard is coated), with a printing speed less than 184 m/minute, and a print width of 101 cm or more but less than 280 cm (provided for in subheading 8443.16.00) ............................................ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1437. FLEXOGRAPHIC PRINTING MACHIN-ERY. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.70 Flexographic printing machinery, having continuous roll feed, designed for printing on paperboard (whether or not such paperboard is coated), having a printing speed of 599 m/minute or more but not more than 801 m/minute and a print width of 106 cm or more but not more than 178 cm (provided for in subheading 8443.16.00) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... 0.1% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1438. SHUTTLELESS RAPIER POWER LOOMS TO WEAVE FABRICS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.71 Weaving machines (power looms), shuttleless, rapier type, for weaving fabrics of a width exceeding 30 cm but not exceeding 4.9 m (provided for in subheading 8446.30.50) ................................................................ ... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00181 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH356 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 1439. SHUTTLELESS, JET TYPE POWER LOOMS TO WEAVE FABRICS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.72 Weaving machines (power looms), shuttleless, jet type, for weaving fabrics of a width exceeding 30 cm but not exceeding 4.9 m (provided for in subheading 8446.30.50) .................................................................... ...... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1440. MITER SAWS WITH CUT-OFF. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.73 Miter sawing machines, power operated, not numerically controlled, for working metal, with safety cut off switch (provided for in subheading 8461.50.80) ................................................................................. ................ 3.7% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1441. TABLE SAWS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.74 Table saws for working wood, cork, bone, hard rubber, hard plastics or similar hard materials, each with blade measuring 25.4 cm (provided for in subheading 8465.91.00), such saws excluding (i) tilting arbor table saws, non-laser guided, each with a 25.4 cm blade and of a weight not exceeding 220 kg, and (ii) laser-guided tilting arbor table saws, each with 25.4 cm blade and detachable base with casters, weigh-ing less than 31 kg ............................................................................................................ .................................. 1.2% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1442. CERTAIN BENCHTOP BAND SAWS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.75 Benchtop band saws, for working wood, cork, bone, hard rubber, hard plastics or similar hard materials, the foregoing with a cutting depth between 25 and 36 cm, valued under $1,000 each (provided for in sub-heading 8465.91.00) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1443. CERTAIN STATIONARY BAND SAWS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.76 Floor standing (stationary) band saws, each with a cutting depth between 25 and 36 cm, valued under $1,000 each (provided for in subheading 8465.91.00) ............................................................................ ........... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1444. CERTAIN TITLING ARBOR TABLE SAWS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.77 Tilting arbor table saws, non-laser guided, each with a 25.4 cm blade and of a weight not exceeding 220 kg (provided for in subheading 8465.91.00) ..................................................................................... .................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1445. CERTAIN TABLE SAWS WITH 10 INCH (25.4 CENTIMETER) BLADE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.78 Laser-guided tilting arbor table saws, each with 25.4 cm blade and presented with a detachable base with casters, the foregoing weighing less than 31 kg (provided for in subheading 8465.91.00) ............................. Free No cha nge No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1446. COMPOUND MITER SAW, 10 INCH, WITHOUT LASER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.79 Miter sawing machines, power operated, not numerically controlled, for working wood, cork, bone, hard rub-ber, hard plastics or similar hard materials, with 25.4 cm blade, capable of adjusting bevel of cut, without laser guides (provided for in subheading 8465.91.00) ........................................................................... ............ 2.1% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1447. DRILL PRESSES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00182 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H357 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.15.80 Drill presses, valued under $1,000 each (provided for in subheading 8465.95.00) .................................. ........ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1448. ELECTRICAL ROTARY DRILL, HAMMER AND CHISELING TOOLS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.81 Rotary drill, hammer and chiseling tools with self-contained electric motor, each with pneumatic ham-mering mechanism that engages with slotted drive drill-bits and an electromechanical mechanism that separates the drive from the internal gearings, with rated amperage that does not exceed 15 A and with triaxial vibration values, measured in accordance with European Norm 60745, that do not exceed 9 m/s
2 (provided for in subheading 8467.21.00) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1449. TIRE ASSEMBLY MACHINES (TAM). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.82 Machinery for molding, assembling or otherwise forming uncured, unvulcanized rubber (green) tires (pro-vided for in subheading 8477.59.01), the foregoing to be used in production of new pneumatic tires de-signed in all sizes for motor cars (such tires in subheadings 4011.10.10 and 4011.10.50), buses and trucks (such tires in subheadings 4011.20.10 and 4011.20.50), motorcycles (such tires in subheading 4011.40.00) and agricultural, forestry, construction or industrial vehicles (such tires of subheadings 4011.70.00, 4011.80.10, 4011.80.20, 4011.80.80, 4011.90.10, 4011.90.20, and 4011.90.80) ......................... 2.5% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1450. CATTY WHACK. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.83 Electromechanical ‘hide and seek’ toys, designed for use by cats or dogs, each with an electrically powered fast-moving feather wand that changes direction randomly; such wand mechanism positioned in a round enclosure of plastics, designed to allow the wand to shoot out; such toys each containing a carpeted scratching area on top (provided for in subheading 8479.89.94) ................................................................. ..... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1451. FLY BY SPINNER TOYS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.84 Electromechanical pet toys, each with a plastic butterfly attached to a wire cable that revolves around a plastic base when in use, such toy designed to simulate the flying motion of a butterfly (provided for in subheading 8479.89.94) ......................................................................................................... .............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1452. VEHICLE STABILITY CONTROL ACTU-ATOR ASSEMBLIES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.85 Vehicle stability control actuator assemblies (provided for in subheading 8479.89.94) ............................ ....... 2.3% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1453. HYDRAULIC SUBSEA JUMPER CONNEC-TORS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.86 Subsea joinable connection devices rated at 68947.57 kPa, each certified by the importer as having high strength bend resistance and designed to interconnect subsea trees, manifolds and pipeline terminates to route production flow to a flow line (provided for in subheading 8479.89.94) .................................................. F ree No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1454. BIRD IN A CAGE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00183 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH358 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.15.87 Electromechanical cat toys, each depicting a bird in a cage, such toy bird of textile materials with magnet inside its body and suspended by a string from the top of a cage comprising plastic ribs; such cage sit-ting on a base of plastics that contains the electrical components; with cage base having a magnetic coil designed to switch polarity and cause the bird to be in a state of continuous motion (provided for in sub-heading 8479.89.94) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1455. MOUSE IN A POUCH. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.88 Electromechanical cat toys, with electrical function supplying power to the moving parts and supporting the mechanical function, each unit comprising an electrical/mechanical ‘mouse’ of plastics enclosed in an approximately 0.61 m diameter textile fabric ‘pouch,’ with such ‘mouse’ designed to randomly move around the inside of the pouch (provided for in subheading 8479.89.94) ................................................................ ..... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1456. TELESCOPE MIRROR SEGMENT SUP-PORT ASSEMBLIES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.89 Optical telescope mirror segment support assemblies, each presented without mirrors (provided for in sub-heading 8479.89.94) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1457. SEGMENTED COMPRESSION MOLDS OF MORE THAN 25-INCH RIM DIAMETER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.90 Segmented compression-type molds designed to be used for molding / forming and curing ‘green tires’ with a rim diameter measuring over 63.5 cm (provided for in subheading 8480.79.90), such tires for off- the-road use ................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1458. VALVE-TYPE FUEL INJECTORS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.91 Valve-type fuel injectors, each functional in a common rail fuel system with a pressure greater than 120 MPa (1200 bar) (provided for in subheading 8481.80.90), the foregoing other than used goods .................... 0.5% No change N o change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1459. DOSING MODULE INJECTORS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.92 Dosing module injectors, comprising parts of compression-ignition engine after-combustion treatment sys-tems, measuring 30 cm or more but not over 50 cm in length, 30 cm or more but not over 50 cm in width and 10 cm or more but not over 30 cm in height (provided for in subheading 8481.80.90), such injectors other than used ................................................................................................................ ..................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1460. REGULATOR VALVES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.93 Used self-operating regulator valves, such valves designed for controlling variables such as temperature, pressure or flow (provided for in subheading 8481.80.90) ....................................................................... .......... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1461. FUEL INJECTORS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.94 Fuel Injectors, other than used, each incorporating a valve and a micro-stamped orifice hole, certified by the importer as designed to deliver fuel to the combustion chamber of a gasoline engine with a pressure not exceeding 120 MPa (1200 bar) (provided for in subheading 8481.80.90) ................................................... 1.9%  No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1462. SUBSEA FLOW MODULES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00184 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H359 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.15.95 Valves, capable of operating at pressures of 68.94 MPa or more (provided for in subheading 8481.80.90), for controlling production flow through a subsea tree, each mounted in a module that can be removed and replaced by a remotely operated underwater vehicle (ROV) ....................................................................... ......... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1463. CRANKSHAFTS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.96 New crankshafts of forged steel designed for use solely or principally with compression-ignition internal combustion piston engines, other than for vehicles of chapter 87, each measuring more than 1.86 m in length and weighing 453 kg or more (provided for in subheading 8483.10.30) ............................................... 0.6% N o change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1464. USED CAMSHAFTS AND CRANKSHAFTS FOR DIESEL ENGINES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.97 Used camshafts and crankshafts, designed for use solely or principally with compression-ignition internal combustion piston engines (other than spark-ignition internal combustion engines) (provided for in sub-heading 8483.10.30) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1465. CRANKSHAFTS FOR ENGINES WITH CYLINDER CAPACITY EXCEEDING 19,000 CUBIC CENTIMETERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.98 New crankshafts designed for use solely or principally with compression-ignition internal combustion piston engines of a cylinder capacity exceeding 19,000 cc, such crankshafts measuring 200 cm or more but not over 900 cm in length, 100 cm or more but not over 200 cm in width and 50 cm or more but not over 200 cm in height (provided for in subheading 8483.10.30), the foregoing except such new crankshafts of forged steel, other than for vehicles of chapter 87, each measuring more than 1.86 m in length and weighing 453 kg or more ..................................................................................................................... ........................................ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1466. CRANKSHAFT BEARINGS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.99 Plain shaft sputter bearings without housing (the foregoing other than spherical bearings), each weighing 200 g or more and with journal diameter measuring 117 mm or more (provided for in subheading 8483.30.80) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1467. USED TRANSMISSIONS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.01 Used fixed ratio speed changers (provided for in subheading 8483.40.50), other than transmissions for the vehicles of headings 8701, 8702, 8703, 8704, and 8705 .......................................................................... ........ 1.9% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1468. FLEXPLATES FOR ENGINES WITH CYL-INDER CAPACITY BETWEEN 6,000 AND 20,000 CUBIC CENTIMETERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.02 Flexplates designed for use in compression-ignition engines of a cylinder capacity equal to or greater than 6,000 cc but not exceeding 20,000 cc, such flexplates measuring 5 cm or more but not over 150 cm in length, 22 cm or more but not over 150 cm in width and 2 cm or more but not over 150 cm in height (provided for in subheading 8483.60.80) ........................................................................................ ..................... 1.7% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1469. FLEXPLATES FOR ENGINES WITH CYL-INDER CAPACITY BETWEEN 1,000 AND 5,900 CUBIC CENTIMETERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00185 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH360 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.16.03 Flexplates designed for use in compression-ignition engines with cylinder capacity ranging between 1000 cc to 5900 cc, such flexplates measuring 35 cm or more but not over 50 cm in length, 35 cm or more but not over 50 cm in width and 2 cm or more but not over 10 cm in height (provided for in subheading 8483.60.80) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1470. RING GEARS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.04 Ring gears, with diameter 30 cm or more but not over 200 cm and height of 6 cm or more but not over 30 cm, the foregoing to be assembled onto the periphery of a flexplate or flywheel for a diesel engine ranging in cylinder capacity equal to or greater than 5,000 cc but not exceeding 95,000 cc (provided for in sub-heading 8483.90.50) ............................................................................................................ ................................. 1.0% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1471. ELECTROMECHANICAL ROTATIONAL ACTUATOR ASSEMBLIES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.05 Electromechanical rotational actuators, each with attached actuator arm and pin (such arm measuring be-tween 12 mm and 15 mm in length and with pin diameter of 8 mm), of an output of 36 W (provided for in subheading 8501.10.60) ...................................................................................................... ............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1472. POWER BACK DOOR ACTUATOR AS-SEMBLIES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.06 Power back door (liftgate) actuator assemblies for the motor vehicles of headings 8701 to 8705, each con-sisting of a brushless electric DC motor that generates between 350 and 400 W, an electromagnetic clutch, a clutch magnet, a clutch flywheel, a clutch plate, a sensor and a housing (provided for in sub-heading 8501.31.40) ............................................................................................................ ................................. 1.7% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1473. DIRECT CURRENT PUMP MOTORS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.07 DC motors of an output between 190 W and 290 W, weighing less than 1 kg, each in a cylindrical housing with height of approximately 55 mm and a radius of approximately 45 mm (provided for in subheading 8501.31.40) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... 2.8% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1474. MOTOR ASSEMBLIES FOR ELECTRIC BOX FANS WITH OUTPUT BETWEEN 37.5 WATTS AND 74.6 WATTS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.08 AC electric motors of an output exceeding 37.5 W but not exceeding 74.6 W, single phase, each equipped with a capacitor, rotary speed control mechanism and a motor mounting cooling ring (provided for in sub-heading 8501.40.20) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1475. MOTOR ASSEMBLIES FOR OSCIL-LATING FANS WITH OUTPUT BE-TWEEN 37.5 WATTS AND 72 WATTS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.09 AC electric motors of an output exceeding 37.5w but not exceeding 72w, single phase, each equipped with a capacitor, a speed control mechanism, and a motor mount of plastics and a self-contained gear mecha-nism for oscillation (provided for in subheading 8501.40.20) ................................................................... ......... 2.0% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1476. MOTORS FOR LOW WATTAGE FANS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.10 AC electric motors, single-phase, of an output exceeding 50 W but not exceeding 74.6 W, each equipped with a capacitor and a three-speed control switch (provided for in subheading 8501.40.20) ......................... 0.3% No chang e No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00186 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H361 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 1477. MOTOR ASSEMBLIES FOR AIR CIRCULATOR ELECTRIC FANS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.11 AC electric motors of an output exceeding 74.6 W but not exceeding 95 W, single phase, each equipped with a capacitor and a speed control mechanism (provided for in subheading 8501.40.40) ........................... Free No change  No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1478. MOTORS FOR HIGH WATTAGE FANS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.12 AC electric motors, single phase, of an output exceeding 74.6 W but not exceeding 95 W, such motors each equipped with a capacitor and a three-speed control switch (provided for in subheading 8501.40.40) ......... Free No change No ch ange On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1479. ALTERNATING CURRENT MULTIPHASE SUBMERSIBLE PUMP MOTORS WITH OUTPUT BETWEEN 3 KILOWATTS AND 14.92 KILOWATTS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.13 Submersible multi-phase motors designed for use with pumps, such motors cylindrical in shape, each hav-ing a diameter exceeding 12 cm but not exceeding 18 cm and a length exceeding 63 cm but not exceeding 80 cm, the foregoing having a power output exceeding 3 kW but not exceeding 14.92 kW (provided for in subheading 8501.52.40) ......................................................................................................... .............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1480. ALTERNATING CURRENT MULTIPHASE SUBMERSIBLE PUMP MOTORS WITH OUTPUT BETWEEN 149.2 KILOWATTS AND 150 KILOWATTS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.14 Submersible multi-phase motors designed for use with pumps, such motors cylindrical in shape, each hav-ing a diameter exceeding 22 cm but not exceeding 35 cm and a length exceeding 150 cm but not exceed-ing 230 cm, the foregoing with a power output exceeding 149.2 kW but not exceeding 150 kW (provided for in subheading 8501.53.60) ...................................................................................................... ............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1481. ALTERNATING CURRENT GENERATORS FOR EXERCISE EQUIPMENT. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.15 AC electric generators, each with a flywheel and an eddy-current loading device, the load being controlled magnetically (provided for in subheading 8501.61.00), designed for use in exercise equipment of sub-heading 9506.91 ................................................................................................................ ................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1482. ELECTRIC GENERATING SETS WITH NATURAL GAS ENGINES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.16 Electric generating sets, each with spark-ignition internal combustion piston engine fueled by natural gas (provided for in subheading 8502.20.00) ........................................................................................ ..................... 1.9% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1483. STATOR AND ROTOR CORE LAMINA-TIONS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.17 Stator core and rotor core laminations, imported in pairs each comprising one stator core lamination and one rotor core lamination; with such stator core laminations having an exterior diameter of 26.42 cm and an inner diameter of 20.35 cm, weighing 4.14 kg or more but not over 6.72 kg; such rotor core laminations having an exterior diameter of 20.2 cm and an inner diameter of 14.0 cm, weighing 3.3 kg or more but not over 5.3 kg; the foregoing certified by the importer as designed to be used in the manufacture of gen-erator motors for charging the battery of hybrid vehicles and of electric motors for propulsion of hybrid ve-hicles (provided for in subheading 8503.00.95) ................................................................................. ................. 0.7% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00187 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH362 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 1484. UNIVERSAL SERIAL BUS (USB) AUTO CHARGERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.18 Power adapters designed for use with standard car cigarette lighter sockets having dual USB output ports with 12 W output per port (provided for in subheading 8504.40.95) .............................................................. ... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1485. FUEL SHUTOFF SOLENOIDS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.19 Fuel shutoff solenoids designed for compression-ignition diesel engines with cylinder capacity ranging be-tween 2,000 cc and 20,000 cc, such solenoids measuring 5 cm or more but not over 800 cm in length, 3 cm but not over 500 cm in width and 3 cm but not over 200 cm in height (provided for in subheading 8505.90.75) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1486. LITHIUM POLYMER RECHARGEABLE BATTERIES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.20 Rechargeable lithium batteries, certified by the importer as having a polymer electrolyte layer and com-posite cathode, designed to complete 800 cumulative battery lifetime hours and operate at sustained tem-peratures between 45 degrees Celsius and 130 degrees Celsius continuously for a minimum of 1 hour be-tween recharges (provided for in subheading 8507.60.00) ........................................................................ ......... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1487. ANNULAR SHAPED LITHIUM THIONYL CHLORIDE (LTC) BATTERIES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.21 Lithium thionyl chloride (LTC) batteries, annular in shape, measuring 30.48 mm or more but not over 152.4 mm in length, with an outer diameter of 10.16 cm or more but not over 127 mm and an inner diameter of 55.88 mm or more but not over 88.9 mm, certified by the importer as containing a lithium anode and a liquid cathode comprising a porous carbon current collector filled with thionyl chloride (SOCl2) (provided for in subheading 8507.60.00) .................................................................................................. ........................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1488. CYLINDRICAL SHAPED LITHIUM THIONYL CHLORIDE (LTC) BAT-TERIES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.22 Lithium thionyl chloride batteries, cylindrical in shape, measuring 30.48 mm or more but not over 152.4 cm in length, having an outer diameter of 10.16 mm or more but not over 127 mm, each certified by the importer as containing a lithium anode and a liquid cathode comprising a porous carbon current collector filled with thionyl chloride (SOCl2) (provided for in subheading 8507.60.00) ................................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1489. ELECTRIC BURR COFFEE GRINDERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.23 Electromechanical burr coffee grinders, with self-contained electric motor, each presented with one clear glass top storage vessel and one clear glass bottom storage vessel (provided for in subheading 8509.40.00) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1490. ELECTRIC FOOD SPIRALIZING APPLI-ANCES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.24 Electromechanical domestic appliances, each with self-contained electric motor, such appliances designed for peeling, coring and slicing fruits and vegetables and capable of cutting such food into spiral shapes, the foregoing each having more than five interchangeable cutting blades (provided for in subheading 8509.40.00) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00188 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H363 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 1491. ELECTRIC CYLINDRICAL COFFEE GRINDERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.25 Electromechanical cylindrical coffee grinders, each operated by pushing the plastic cover into the base, the foregoing having a removable stainless steel bowl with a capacity of more than 0.1 liter and not exceeding 0.2 liter (provided for in subheading 8509.40.00) .............................................................................. ................ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1492. ELECTROMECHANICAL KNIVES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.26 Electromechanical knives, each with self-contained electric motor, valued $8 or more but not more than $40 each (provided for in subheading 8509.80.50) ............................................................................... ............. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1493. AUTOMATIC LITTERBOXES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.27 Litterboxes, each with self-contained electric motor powered by an external adapter that plugs into a wall socket or electrical outlet and may have batteries for back-up, such devices which rake and/or disperse cat waste into a compartment after a certain amount of time has passed once the mechanism is triggered by cat entering the litterbox; the foregoing designed for domestic use (provided for in subheading 8509.80.50) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1494. AUTOMATIC FOOD FEEDERS FOR DOGS AND CATS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.28 Feeders, each with a self-contained electric motor powered by an external adapter that plugs into a wall socket or electrical outlet or uses batteries, such devices which can be programmed to disperse various quantities of food at pre-set times, designed for domestic use by dogs and cats (provided for in sub-heading 8509.80.50) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1495. AUTOMATIC PET WATERERS FOR DOGS AND CATS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.29 Waterers, each with a self-contained electric motor powered through an external adapter that plugs into a wall socket or electrical outlet or uses batteries, such devices which filter a continuously flowing water fountain or replenish water when volume is below a certain fill level, the foregoing designed for domestic use by dogs and cats (provided for in subheading 8509.80.50) ................................................................... ..... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1496. AUTOMATIC FISH FEEDERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.30 Feeders designed for use with fish, each with a self-contained electric motor powered by batteries, with re-taining clips or clamps to attach to a household aquarium, the foregoing which can be programmed to disperse various quantities of food at preset times (provided for in subheading 8509.80.50) ........................ Free No chan ge No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1497. ELECTRIC KNIVES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.31 Electromechanical knives, each with self-contained electric motor (provided for in subheading 8509.80.50), the foregoing only if valued either less than $8 or more than $40 each ......................................................... . 0.3% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1498. HANDHELD ELECTRIC CAN OPENERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00189 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH364 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.16.32 Hand-held battery-operated automatic can openers, each with self-contained electric motor, such can openers weighing not over 20 kg exclusive of extra interchangeable parts or detachable auxiliary devices (provided for in subheading 8509.80.50) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1499. FOOD BEATERS DESIGNED TO ATTACH TO HANDHELD MIXERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.33 Stainless steel food beaters, designed for use solely on electromechanical hand-held food mixers suitable for domestic purposes (provided for in subheading 8509.90.55) .................................................................. ..... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1500. DOUGH HOOKS DESIGNED TO ATTACH TO HANDHELD MIXERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.34 Stainless steel dough hooks designed for use solely on electromechanical food hand mixers suitable for do-mestic purposes (provided for in subheading 8509.90.55) ........................................................................ ......... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1501. ELECTROTHERMIC BOWLS FOR FOOD STAND MIXERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.35 Electrothermal bowls designed for use with electromechanical stand food mixers of a kind used for domes-tic purposes, each bowl having a control panel with digital display (provided for in subheading 8509.90.55) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1502. METAL BOWLS FOR USE WITH FOOD STAND MIXERS WITH CAPACITY OF MORE THAN 4.7 LITERS AND NOT MORE THAN 8.6 LITERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.36 Stainless steel bowls designed for use on electromechanical stand food mixers, each having a capacity greater than 4.7 liters but not exceeding 8.6 liters (whether or not having a single stainless steel vertically oriented welded handle), the foregoing each having a rolled top edge and two welded stainless steel side brackets with circular holes (provided for in subheading 8509.90.55) ........................................................... ... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1503. METAL BOWLS FOR USE WITH FOOD STAND MIXERS WITH CAPACITY OF MORE THAN 3.3 LITERS AND NOT MORE THAN 4.8 LITERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.37 Stainless steel bowls designed for use on electromechanical stand food mixers, each having a capacity greater than 3.3 liters but not exceeding 4.8 liters (whether or not having a single stainless steel vertically oriented welded handle), the foregoing each having a rolled top edge and welded stainless steel base with four protrusions designed to interlock with a stand food mixer base (provided for in subheading 8509.90.55) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1504. USED STARTERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.38 Used electric starter motors for spark ignition or compression ignition internal combustion engines (pro-vided for in subheading 8511.40.00) ............................................................................................ ....................... 0.4% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1505. ALTERNATORS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.39 New alternators rated to produce voltage at 24 V and current at 500 A or more, designed to power military diesel engine components and supporting systems, such alternators each weighing less than 55 kg and measuring less than 300 mm in diameter (provided for in subheading 8511.50.00) ....................................... Free No ch ange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00190 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H365 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 1506. USED ALTERNATORS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.40 Used generators (alternators) of a kind used in conjunction with spark ignition or compression ignition in-ternal combustion engines (provided for in subheading 8511.50.00) .............................................................. .. 1.6% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1507. PARKING SENSORS, SIGNALING EQUIP-MENT. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.41 Parts of signaling equipment, each with pressed sealing on the flanges (provided for in subheading 8512.90.20) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... 1.2% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1508. BULB HEATERS WITH OR WITHOUT A FAN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.42 Electric heating units designed for permanent ceiling installation, each containing a heater and one or two infrared bulbs, with or without a fan (provided for in subheading 8516.29.00) ............................................... Fre e No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1509. HEATER FAN LIGHTS FOR PERMANENT INSTALLATION. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.43 Heating units each combining a heater, a fan and a light for residential use, designed for permanent ceil-ing installation, each containing an adjustable louver mounted in the grille, such louver may be rotated 360 degrees for the flow of heat output to be manually self-positioned (provided for in subheading 8516.29.00) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1510. WALL HEATERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.44 High-capacity heating units, designed to be permanently mounted into a wall and for use in residential households, each generating 1000 and 1500 W, containing a grille, with or without built-in thermostat (provided for in subheading 8516.29.00) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1511. CORDLESS STEAM IRONS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.45 Electrothermic steam irons of a kind used for domestic purposes, capable of operating without power cord connected to mains, each with detachable base (provided in subheading 8516.40.40) ................................... Free No cha nge No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1512. ELECTRIC STEAM IRONS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.46 Electrothermic steam irons of a kind used for domestic purposes, each with a ceramic-coated cast alu-minum sole plate (provided for in subheading 8516.40.40), the foregoing not capable of operating without power connected to mains ....................................................................................................... ............................. 1.0% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1513. MICROWAVE HOODS WITH A PLASTIC HANDLE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.47 Microwave ovens with integral range hoods, of a kind used for domestic purposes, each having oven ca-pacity greater than 48 liters but not exceeding 49 liters, the foregoing containing a glass turntable plate with a diameter greater than 30 cm but not exceeding 31 cm and with a door having an exterior molded plastic handle (provided for in subheading 8516.50.00) ......................................................................... ........... 0.5% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00191 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH366 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 1514. MICROWAVE HOODS WITH A METAL HANDLE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.48 Microwave ovens with integral range hoods, of a kind used for domestic purposes, each having oven ca-pacity greater than 48 liters but not exceeding 49 liters, the foregoing having a glass turntable plate with a diameter greater than 30 cm but not exceeding 31 cm and a door with exterior metal handle (provided for in subheading 8516.50.00) .................................................................................................. ........................... 1.2% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1515. MICROWAVE HOODS WITH 53 TO 55 LITER CAPACITY. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.49 Microwave ovens with integral range hoods, of a kind used for domestic purposes, each having oven ca-pacity greater than 53 liters but not exceeding 55 liters, the foregoing having a glass turntable plate with a diameter greater than 30 cm but not exceeding 31 cm (provided for in subheading 8516.50.00) .............. Free No change No ch ange On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1516. MICROWAVE HOODS WITH 58 TO 60 LITER CAPACITY. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.50 Microwave ovens with integral range hoods, of a kind used for domestic purposes, each having an oven capacity of greater than 58 liters but not exceeding 60 liters, the foregoing having a glass turntable plate with a diameter greater than 30 cm but not exceeding 32 cm (provided for in subheading 8516.50.00) ...... Free No change No chang e On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1517. MICROWAVE HOODS WITH 58 TO 60 LITER CAPACITY AND LARGE TURN-TABLE PLATES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.51 Microwave ovens with integral range hoods, of a kind used for domestic purposes, each having an oven capacity of greater than 58 liters but not exceeding 60 liters, the foregoing having a glass turntable plate with a diameter greater than 35 cm but not exceeding 37 cm (provided for in subheading 8516.50.00) ...... Free No change No chang e On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1518. MICROWAVE HOODS WITH 53 TO 55 LITER CAPACITY AND LARGE TURN-TABLE PLATES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.52 Microwave ovens with integral range hoods, of a kind used for domestic purposes, each having oven ca-pacity of greater than 53 liters but not exceeding 55 liters, the foregoing having a glass turntable plate with a diameter greater than 35 cm but not exceeding 37 cm (provided for in subheading 8516.50.00) ...... Free No change No chang e On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1519. MICROWAVE HOODS WITH 56 TO 58 LITER CAPACITY. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.53 Microwave ovens with integral range hoods, of a kind used for domestic purposes, each having oven ca-pacity of 56 liters or more but not over 58 liters, having a glass turntable plate with a diameter meas-uring 30 cm or more but not over 31 cm (provided for in subheading 8516.50.00) ........................................ Free No c hange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1520. MICROWAVE HOODS WITH RECTAN-GULAR PLATE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.54 Microwave ovens with integral range hoods, of a kind used for domestic purposes, each having oven ca-pacity of greater than 56 liters but not exceeding 58 liters, the foregoing having a glass rectangular turn-table plate (provided for in subheading 8516.50.00) ............................................................................ .............. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1521. VERTICAL WAFFLE MAKERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00192 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H367 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.16.55 Electrothermic waffle makers, of a kind used for domestic purposes, with dual-sided plates positioned vertically and deep grids divided into equal quarters in a circular shape mold, with funnel on top; such appliances in stainless steel housing, with a spout including fill mark level and a release to open housing for waffle removal (provided for in subheading 8516.60.60) ..................................................................... ......... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1522. MULTIFUNCTION GRILLS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.56 Electrothermic multifunction grills of a kind used for domestic purposes, each incorporating a cooking plate for use as a grill, griddle or oven, with removable power cord with a thermostatic control (provided for in subheading 8516.60.60) .................................................................................................. ........................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1523. ELECTRIC SANDWICH GRILLERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.57 Electrothermic dual-grid sandwich grilling appliances of a kind used for domestic purposes, each with a locking latch and floating upper lid (provided for in subheading 8516.60.60), the foregoing without thermostatic control ........................................................................................................... ................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1524. AUTOMATIC DRIP COFFEE MAKERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.58 Electrothermic automatic drip coffee makers of a kind used for domestic purposes, each capable of brew-ing multiple servings and incorporating a removable water tank with a handle; the foregoing excluding cof-fee makers with dome-shaped housing or designed for permanent installation into a wall, cabinet or shelf, and excluding coffee makers designed to utilize coffee capsules or pods (provided for in subheading 8516.71.00) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1525. AUTOMATIC POUR OVER COFFEE MAK-ERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.59 Electrothermic automatic coffee makers of a kind used for domestic purposes, each having a dome-shaped housing over the brewing chamber, the foregoing capable of brewing multiple servings and designed to heat all water in separate heating chamber before releasing heated water into brewing chamber (provided for in subheading 8516.71.00) .................................................................................................. ........................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1526. AUTOMATIC SIPHON COFFEE MAKERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.60 Electrothermic siphon coffee brewers of a kind used for domestic purposes, each with upper globe-shaped chamber that seals to bottom carafe magnetically, the foregoing having an electronic control in base (pro-vided for in subheading 8516.71.00) ............................................................................................ ....................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1527. AUTOMATIC GLASS TEA KETTLES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.61 Electrothermic tea kettles, of a kind used for domestic purposes, each with clear glass chamber, having a stainless steel tea steeper and hinged metal limescale filter, the foregoing having a base containing a temperature control lever (provided for in subheading 8516.71.00) .............................................................. ..... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1528. SINGLE SERVING CAPSULE COFFEE MAKERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.62 Electrothermic coffee machines of a kind used for domestic purposes, designed to brew using coffee cap-sules, each having a loading lever containing both stainless steel and plastic (provided for in subheading 8516.71.00) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00193 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH368 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 1529. ELECTROTHERMIC ESPRESSO MAK-ERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.63 Electrothermic espresso makers of a kind used for domestic purposes, each with hydraulically activated ‘shower head’ spray with automatic tamping and retraction functionality and magnetic locking drawer style filter, the foregoing without bayonet locking tabs (provided for in subheading 8516.71.00) ............................ 0.7% No c hange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1530. FRONT-LOADING COFFEE MAKERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.64 Automatic drip coffee makers of a kind used for domestic purposes, each with an electronic programmable clock and with a front-access water reservoir and brew basket (provided for in subheading 8516.71.00); the foregoing other than coffee makers with removable water tank or with dome-shaped housing over brewing chamber ................................................................................................................ ................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1531. CARAFE-LESS COFFEE MAKERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.65 Electrothermic automatic drip coffee makers of a kind used for domestic purposes, each with electronic clock and self-contained coffee holding chamber, the foregoing designed to be used without separate ca-rafe (provided for in subheading 8516.71.00); the foregoing excluding coffee makers (i) designed for per-manent installation in a wall, cabinet or shelf, (ii) with removable tank with a handle, or (iii) with loading lever containing both stainless steel and plastics ............................................................................. ................. 0.4% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1532. BUILT-IN COFFEE MACHINES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.66 Electrothermic automatic coffee makers of a kind used for domestic purposes, each incorporated into a housing for permanent installation into a wall or cabinet or on a shelf and capable of remote operation via wireless connection to a smartphone or tablet (provided for in subheading 8516.71.00) ................................ Free No ch ange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1533. TOASTER OVENS WITH A POP-UP TOASTER FEATURE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.67 Electrothermic toaster ovens of a kind used for domestic purposes, each incorporating a single-slot toaster opening on top of the oven (provided for in subheading 8516.72.00) ............................................................. .. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1534. AUTOMATIC PAINTED METAL HOT WATER KETTLES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.68 Electrothermic painted metal dome-shaped kettles, of a kind used for domestic purposes, each with a cir-cular thermometer display and a base containing a temperature control lever and power button (provided for in subheading 8516.79.00) .................................................................................................. ........................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1535. AUTOMATIC CYLINDRICAL METAL HOT WATER KETTLES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.69 Electrothermic stainless steel cylindrical kettles, of a kind used for domestic purposes, each with a liquid crystal display and operational control buttons and display on top of the handle and having a translucent capacity indicator behind the handle (provided for in subheading 8516.79.00) ............................................... Free  No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1536. MULTICOOKER SLOW COOKERS WITH 5 COOKING FUNCTIONS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00194 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H369 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.16.70 Electrothermic slow cookers of a kind used for domestic purposes with stainless steel or painted metal ex-terior, each with a glass lid and removable ceramic cooking pot with a capacity of 5.68 liters, such cooker having five cooking functions (slow cook, brown and saute, steam, bake, and roast) controlled by a digital control panel (provided for in subheading 8516.79.00), the foregoing without a thermometer probe or boil-ing and simmering functions .................................................................................................... ........................... 1.8% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1537. MULTICOOKER SLOW COOKERS WITH 3 COOKING FUNCTIONS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.71 Electrothermic slow cookers of a kind used for domestic purposes, with stainless steel or painted metal ex-terior, each with a glass lid and removable ceramic cooking pot with a capacity of 5.68 liters, such cook-ers having three cooking functions (bake, saute, and slow cooking) operated by a digital control panel (provided for in subheading 8516.79.00), the foregoing without a thermometer probe or boiling and sim-mering functions ............................................................................................................... .................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1538. SWING AND SERVE SLOW COOKERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.72 Electrothermic slow cookers of a kind used for domestic purposes, with stainless steel or painted metal ex-terior, each with one primary removable ceramic cooking pot with a capacity of 3.31 liters and with two removable ceramic cooking pots each having a capacity of 1.42 liters located above the primary unit and attached to swing arms that can move to the left and right of such primary unit, with separate knobs to control temperature of each cooking pot (provided for in subheading 8516.79.00), the foregoing without a thermometer probe or boiling and simmering functions ........................................................................... .......... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1539. ELECTRIC BREAKFAST SANDWICH MAKERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.73 Electrothermic sandwich cookers of a kind used for domestic purposes, designed to be used with round bread (provided for in subheading 8516.79.00) .................................................................................. ................ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1540. ELECTRIC MULTI-COOKERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.74 Electrothermic multifunctional cookers (multicookers) of a kind used for domestic purposes, each incor-porating a timer and designed to prepare foods by various methods, including boiling, simmering, baking, frying, roasting or stewing (provided for in subheading 8516.79.00), the foregoing without a thermometer probe .......................................................................................................................... ............................................ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1541. PROGRAMMABLE SLOW COOKERS WITH THERMOMETER PROBE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.75 Electrothermic programmable slow cookers of a kind used for domestic purposes, with thermometer probe (provided for in subheading 8516.79.00), the foregoing without boiling and simmering functions ................. Free No change N o change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1542. ELECTRIC PRESSURE COOKERS RATED MORE THAN 1000 WATTS BUT NOT MORE THAN 1200 WATTS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.76 Electrothermic pressure cookers of a kind used for domestic purposes, with a capacity of not less than 5 liters, rated more than 1000 W but not more than 1200 W (provided for in subheading 8516.79.00) ............ Free No change No ch ange On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1543. ELECTRIC RICE COOKERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.77 Electrothermic rice cookers of a kind used for domestic purposes, rated 200 W or less, each with detach-able power cord (provided for in subheading 8516.79.00) ........................................................................ ......... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00195 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH370 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 1544. ELECTRIC PRESSURE COOKERS RATED MORE THAN 1200 WATTS BUT NOT MORE THAN 1400 WATTS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.78 Electrothermic pressure cookers of a kind used for domestic purposes, each with a capacity of not less than 5 liters and rated more than 1200 W but not more than 1400 W (provided for in subheading 8516.79.00) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1545. ELECTRIC PRESSURE COOKERS RATED MORE THAN 800 WATTS BUT NOT MORE THAN 1000 WATTS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.79 Electrothermic pressure cookers of a kind used for domestic purposes, each with a capacity of less than 5 liters and rated from 800 W to 1000 W (provided for in subheading 8516.79.00) ........................................... Free No  change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1546. ELECTRIC OIL POPCORN POPPERS AND TUMBLERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.80 Electrothermic hot oil popcorn poppers of a kind used for domestic purposes, each with rotating metal wire stirring sticks and mechanical tumbler action (provided for in subheading 8516.79.00) ................................. Free No c hange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1547. CANDLE WARMERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.81 Electrothermic plug-mounted room deodorizers of a kind used for domestic purposes, each with decorative non-plastic housing, not incorporating a rheostat; such appliances intended for use with fragrant wax, whether or not presented with wax (provided for in subheading 8516.79.00) ................................................... Fre e No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1548. GARMENT STEAMERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.82 Handheld electrothermic garment steamers of a kind used for domestic purposes, each with body of plas-tics, with output rated less than 1000 W, with retractable cord and weighing not more than 1 kg, whether or not packaged with a storage bag (provided for in subheading 8516.79.00) ................................................ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1549. VACUUM STEEL INSULATED COFFEE CARAFES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.83 Vacuum insulated coffee carafes, with interior and exterior of stainless steel, each with a capacity over 1 liter but not over 2 liters and plastic brew-through lid for direct brewing (provided for in subheading 8516.90.90) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1550. STEEL VACUUM PITCHERS WITH PLAS-TIC HINGED LID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.84 Vacuum insulated thermal pitchers, each with stainless steel interior and exterior, with a capacity exceed-ing 1 liter but not exceeding 2 liters, measuring 27.94 cm or more but not over 30.48 cm in height, with plastic brew-through lid for direct brewing and plastic spout and handle for pouring (provided for in sub-heading 8516.90.90) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1551. FLAT PANEL LIQUID CRYSTAL DISPLAY (LCD) TELEVISIONS FOR EXERCISE EQUIPMENT. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00196 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H371 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.16.85 Flat panel liquid crystal display (LCD) television reception apparatus, each including a television tuner, de-signed for incorporation into exercise equipment (provided for in subheading 8528.72.72) ............................. 3.6% No ch ange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1552. GROUND FAULT CIRCUIT INTER-RUPTERS RATED AT 15 AMPS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.86 15 Amp ground fault circuit interrupters (provided for in subheading 8536.30.80) ................................. ......... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1553. GROUND FAULT CIRCUIT INTER-RUPTERS RATED AT 20 AMPS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.87 Ground fault circuit interrupters rated at 20 A (provided for in subheading 8536.30.80) .......................... ...... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1554. ARC FAULT CIRCUIT INTERRUPTERS OR DUAL FUNCTION ARC FAULT AND GROUND FAULT CIRCUIT INTER-RUPTERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.88 Arc fault circuit interrupters, including dual function arc/ground fault circuit interrupters (provided for in subheading 8536.30.80) ......................................................................................................... .............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1555. LAMP-HOLDER HOUSINGS OF POR-CELAIN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.89 Lamp-holder housings of porcelain, containing sockets (provided for subheading 8536.61.00) ....................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1556. CHASSIS OR SHELVING CONTAINING BACKPLANE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.90 Assemblies each comprising a chassis or shelving of subheading 8517.70 combined with a backplane (panel/distribution board) equipped with two or more apparatus of heading 8535 or 8536, for electric con-trol or the distribution of electricity, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V (provided for in subheading 8537.10.91) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1557. PRINTED BOARD ASSEMBLIES FOR CIRCUIT BREAKERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.91 Printed circuit assemblies suitable for use solely with ground fault circuit interrupters (GFCIs) and arc fault circuit interrupters (AFCIs) of subheading 8536.30.80 (provided for in subheading 8538.90.30) ........... Free No change No  change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1558. LAMPS CONTAINING DEUTERIUM GAS WITHOUT RADIO-FREQUENCY IDEN-TIFICATION (RFID). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.92 Ultraviolet lamps filled with deuterium gas, each without radio-frequency identification device and valued over $300 (provided for in subheading 8539.49.00) .............................................................................. ............. 0.5% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1559. LAMPS CONTAINING DEUTERIUM GAS WITH RADIO-FREQUENCY IDENTI-FICATION (RFID). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00197 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH372 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.16.93 Ultraviolet lamps filled with deuterium gas, each with radio-frequency identification device and valued over $300 (provided for in subheading 8539.49.00) ................................................................................... ................ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1560. CATHODE-RAY TUBES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.94 Cathode-ray data/graphic display tubes, color, with a phosphor dot screen pitch smaller than .4mm and with less than 90-degree deflection (provided for in subheading 8540.40.10) ................................................. Fre e No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1561. MIRROR SEGMENT CONTROLLER SEN-SORS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.95 Position sensors, each designed to emit digital pulses when rotated or moved linearly, consisting of an outer housing with dimensions of approximately 67 mm by 50 mm by 24 mm that contains an electrical connector and a printed circuit assembly, such sensors certified by the importer as designed for use in ground-based observatories (provided for in subheading 8543.70.45) ............................................................. .. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1562. INSULATED ELECTRIC CONDUCTORS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.96 Electrical cables and cable bundles for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V, fitted with connectors (provided for in subheading 8544.42.90), the foregoing of a kind used with machines and apparatus for the manu-facture or inspection of semiconductor devices of subheading 8486.20.00 or with optical instruments and appliances for inspecting semiconductor wafers of 9031.41.00 ................................................................... ...... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1563. MITSUBISHI FUSO ECANTER TRUCKS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.97 Motor chassis fitted with cabs, each consisting of a motor vehicle chassis fitted with only electric motor for propulsion and a cab, with G.V.W. exceeding 5 metric tons but not exceeding 20 metric tons and for the transport of goods (provided for in subheading 8704.90.00) ................................................................. ...... 23.9% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1564. ELECTRIC COMMERCIAL VEHICLES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.98 Motor vehicles for the transport of goods (provided for in subheading 8704.90.00), the foregoing with only electric motors for propulsion and powered entirely by 74 kWh lithium iron phosphate batteries, such vehi-cles not including cab chassis ................................................................................................. ............................ 24.8% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1565. CABS AND BODIES FOR ELECTRIC VE-HICLES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.99 Bodies (including cabs) (provided for in subheading 8707.90.50), the foregoing designed for use in all- electric vehicles of subheading 8702.90.31 and 8704.90.00 ...................................................................... ........ 3.5% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1566. USED GEAR BOXES FOR CERTAIN VE-HICLES FOR THE TRANSPORTATION OF GOODS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.01 Used gear boxes for the vehicles of subheading 8701.20 or heading 8704 (provided for in subheading 8708.40.11) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1567. GEAR BOXES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00198 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H373 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.17.02 New gear boxes for the vehicles of headings 8702 or 8704, the foregoing gear boxes with six speeds and with peak torque rating of at least 69 kg-m but not greater than 110 kg-m (provided for in subheading 8708.40.11) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... 2.1% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1568. USED GEAR BOXES FOR CERTAIN OTHER VEHICLES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.03 Used gear boxes for vehicles of subheadings 8701.30.50, 8701.91, 8701.92, 8701.93, 8701.94, and 8701.95 (provided for in subheading 8708.40.50) ................................................................................ .............. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1569. DIFFERENTIALS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.04 Differentials for vehicles of heading 8703, each incorporating a self-contained silicone-fluid filled reservoir, shear pump and progressively-locking clutch pack, the foregoing other than for tractors (except road trac-tors) (provided for in subheading 8708.50.89) .................................................................................. .................. 2.3% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1570. SUSPENSION SYSTEM STABILIZER BARS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.05 Suspension system stabilizer bars of alloy steel, weighing not more than 40 kg, designed for use in Class 7 and Class 8 heavy duty trucks only (provided for in subheading 8708.80.65) .............................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1571. MUFFLERS AND EXHAUST PIPES AND PARTS THEREOF. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.06 Mufflers and exhaust pipes for motor vehicles of headings 8701 to 8705 (other than for tractors suitable for agricultural use) (provided for in subheading 8708.92.50) and parts thereof (provided for in subheading 8708.92.75) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... 2.4% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1572. STAND-UP BICYCLES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.07 Bicycles each with no seat, no seat tube and no seat stay, designed to be pedaled by a user in a standing position only, such bicycles having both wheels not exceeding 63.5 cm in diameter (provided for in sub-heading 8712.00.15) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1573. ELLIPTICAL CYCLES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.08 Cycles, each either with two wheels and having both wheels not exceeding 63.5 cm in diameter, or with three wheels; all the foregoing propelled by laterally mounted pedals designed to be pushed in an alter-native elliptical step motion (provided for in subheading 8712.00.50) .......................................................... .... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1574. UNICYCLES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.09 Unicycles (provided for in 8712.00.50) ........................................................................... ..................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1575. BICYCLE DISC BRAKES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.10 Disc brakes designed for bicycles, and parts thereof (provided for in 8714.94.90) ................................ .......... 6.7% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00199 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH374 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 1576. ZEE CAGES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.11 ‘Z’-shaped water bottle holders (cages) of alloy or composite material, designed for use on bicycles (pro-vided for in 8714.99.80) ....................................................................................................... ................................ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1577. BICYCLE WIDE ANGLE REFLECTORS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.12 Wide angle reflectors, designed for use on bicycles (provided for in 8714.99.80) ................................. ........... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1578. BABY STROLLERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.13 One-piece baby strollers, each with non-detachable seat; with foldable, non-removable anchor points de-signed for car seat mounting and a folding mechanism designed to allow the backrest to collapse forward against the stroller seat (provided for in heading 8715.00.00) ................................................................. ......... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1579. BABY STROLLER SYSTEMS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.14 Baby strollers, each with chassis presented with removable seat and removable bassinet, with the seat de-signed to be attached to the chassis base plate, with the seat backrest designed to allow a child to be in a reclining position or to be supported at varying backrest angles; the foregoing not including any such stroller with a tilting or tilted seat only (provided for in heading 8715.00.00) ............................................... .. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1580. PROJECTION LENSES WITH A FOCAL LENGTH OF 1.13 METERS OR MORE BUT NOT OVER 36.94 METERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.15 Projection lenses, each with focal length of 1.13 m or more but not over 36.94 m and a throw ratio of 0.66 m or more but not over 9.23 m, the foregoing not exceeding 8 kg in weight (provided for in subheading 9002.11.40) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1581. PROJECTION LENSES WITH A FOCAL LENGTH OF 19.68 MILLIMETERS OR MORE BUT NOT OVER 132 MILLIME-TERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.16 Projection lenses, each with focal length of 19.68 mm or more but not over 132.0 mm, throw ratio of 0.28:1 or more but not over 7.10:1 and focus range optical 0.45 m or more but not over 40 m, the fore-going not exceeding 5.4 kg in weight (provided for in subheading 9002.11.40) ............................................... Free  No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1582. SWIM GOGGLES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.17 Swim goggles, protective, with silicone head straps (provided for in subheading 9004.90.00) ...................... . Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1583. PROJECTION SCREENS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.18 Projection screens, each measuring 11 m or more but not over 22 m in width, of acoustically transparent perforated material (provided for in subheading 9010.60.00) .................................................................... ........ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00200 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H375 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 1584. LIQUID CRYSTAL DISPLAY (LCD) TELE-VISION PANEL ASSEMBLIES WITH A VIDEO DISPLAY DIAGONAL MEAS-URING NOT OVER 58.42 CENTI-METERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.19 Liquid crystal display (LCD) television panel assemblies, each with a video display diagonal measuring not over 58.42 cm (provided for in subheading 9013.80.90) .......................................................................... .......... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1585. LIQUID CRYSTAL DISPLAY (LCD) TELE-VISION PANEL ASSEMBLIES WITH A VIDEO DISPLAY DIAGONAL MEAS-URING OVER 58.42 CENTIMETERS BUT NOT OVER 78.74 CENTIMETERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.20 Liquid crystal display (LCD) television panel assemblies, each with a video display diagonal measuring over 58.42 cm but not over 78.74 cm (provided for in subheading 9013.80.90) .............................................. Free N o change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1586. LIQUID CRYSTAL DISPLAY (LCD) TELE-VISION PANEL ASSEMBLIES WITH A VIDEO DISPLAY DIAGONAL MEAS-URING OVER 78.74 CENTIMETERS BUT NOT OVER 81.28 CENTIMETERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.21 Liquid crystal display (LCD) television panel assemblies, each with a video display diagonal measuring over 78.74 cm but not over 81.28 cm (provided for in subheading 9013.80.90) .............................................. Free N o change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1587. LIQUID CRYSTAL DISPLAY (LCD) TELE-VISION PANEL ASSEMBLIES WITH A VIDEO DISPLAY DIAGONAL MEAS-URING OVER 81.28 CENTIMETERS BUT NOT OVER 99.06 CENTIMETERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.22 Liquid crystal display (LCD) television panel assemblies, each with a video display diagonal measuring over 81.28 cm but not over 99.06 cm (provided for in subheading 9013.80.90) .............................................. Free N o change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1588. LIQUID CRYSTAL DISPLAY (LCD) TELE-VISION PANEL ASSEMBLIES WITH A VIDEO DISPLAY DIAGONAL MEAS-URING OVER 99.06 CENTIMETERS BUT NOT OVER 101.6 CENTIMETERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.23 Liquid crystal display (LCD) television panel assemblies, each with a video display diagonal measuring over 99.06 cm but not over 101.6 cm (provided for in subheading 9013.80.90) .............................................. Free N o change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1589. LIQUID CRYSTAL DISPLAY (LCD) TELE-VISION PANEL ASSEMBLIES WITH A VIDEO DISPLAY DIAGONAL MEAS-URING OVER 101.6 CENTIMETERS BUT NOT OVER 124.46 CENTIMETERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.24 Liquid crystal display (LCD) television panel assemblies, each with a video display diagonal measuring over 101.6 cm but not over 124.46 cm (provided for in subheading 9013.80.90) ............................................ Free No  change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1590. LIQUID CRYSTAL DISPLAY (LCD) TELE-VISION PANEL ASSEMBLIES WITH A VIDEO DISPLAY DIAGONAL MEAS-URING OVER 124.46 CENTIMETERS BUT NOT OVER 137.16 CENTIMETERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00201 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH376 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.17.25 Liquid crystal display (LCD) television panel assemblies, each with a video display diagonal measuring over 124.46 cm but not over 137.16 cm (provided for in subheading 9013.80.90) .......................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1591. LIQUID CRYSTAL DISPLAY (LCD) TELE-VISION PANEL ASSEMBLIES WITH A VIDEO DISPLAY DIAGONAL MEAS-URING OVER 137.16 CENTIMETERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.26 Liquid crystal display (LCD) television panel assemblies, each with a video display diagonal measuring over 137.16 cm (provided for in subheading 9013.80.90) ......................................................................... ......... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1592. OPTICAL ATTENUATORS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.27 Optical attenuators designed to reduce the power level of an optical signal, either in free space or in an optical fiber, such instruments or apparatus specifically designed for telecommunications (provided for in subheading 9013.80.90) ......................................................................................................... .............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1593. BICYCLE SPEEDOMETERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.28 Bicycle speedometers (provided for in 9029.20.20) ................................................................ ............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1594. WIDE-BAND OSCILLOSCOPES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.29 Oscilloscopes and oscillographs, having a bandwidth range of 20 GHz to 90 GHz and a sampling rate range of 50 megabytes per second (50 Mbps) to 80 gigabytes per second (80 Gbps), each with 1 to 16 measurement channels, internal hard drive, 1 to 4 interchangeable measurement modules and a color touch screen measuring over 25 cm but not over 28 cm (provided for in subheading 9030.20.10), the fore-going other than hand-held ..................................................................................................... ............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1595. OSCILLOSCOPES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.30 Hand-held oscilloscopes (provided for in subheading 9030.20.10) .................................................. .................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1596. MULTIMETERS, WITHOUT RECORDING DEVICE, BENCH TOP. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.31 Multimeters, each without recording device, not intended to be hand-held, having either 4-1/2, 5-1/2, 6-1/ 2, 7-1/2 or 8-1/2 digits of measurement accuracy, with or without LXI (LAN extension for instruments) standard and with either a color or non-color single or dual display screen (provided for in subheading 9030.31.00) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1597. MULTIMETERS, WITHOUT RECORDING DEVICE, HANDHELD. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.32 True RMS (root mean square) multimeters, without recording device, hand-held, each having either 3-1/2, 4 or 4-1/2 digits of measurement accuracy and either a liquid crystal display (LCD) or organic light emit-ting diode (OLED) display screen, designed to provide one or more of the following measurements: DCV, ACV, DCI, ACI, 2 and/or 4 wire resistance, frequency, continuity, diode test, capacitance, temperature, dB, switch counter, harmonic ratio, pulse width, delay cycle and/or 4 to 20 mA percent scale (provided for in subheading 9030.31.00) ......................................................................................................... .............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00202 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H377 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 1598. PXI MULTIMETERS, WITHOUT RECORD-ING DEVICE, MODULE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.33 PXI 6-1/2 digit digital multimeters (DMM), each without recording device, not intended to be hand-held, having 6-1/2 digit of measurement accuracy, designed to provide basic measurements that may include DCV, ACV, DCI, ACI, 2 and 4 wire resistance, frequency, period, capacitance, temperature, duty cycle, counter and DC source (provided for in subheading 9030.31.00) .................................................................. .... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1599. MULTIMETERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.34 Digital multimeters, each having 8.5 digit resolution and having a recording device, certified by the im-porter as having 3 ppm direct current volts (DCV) accuracy (provided for in subheading 9030.32.00) .......... Free No change No c hange On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1600. IMPEDANCE ANALYZERS HAVING A FREQUENCY RANGE OF 20 HERTZ TO 120 MEGAHERTZ. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.35 Impedance analyzers, having a frequency range of 20 Hz to 120 MHz and plus or minus 42 V peak max-imum output, each with 1 to 4 measurement channels, a recording device and a color touch screen meas-uring over 25 cm but not over 28 cm (provided for in subheading 9030.84.00) .............................................. Free N o change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1601. ELECTROMAGNETIC INTERFERENCE RECEIVERS HAVING A FREQUENCY BAND RANGE OF 3 HERTZ TO 44 GIGAHERTZ. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.36 Electromagnetic interference (EMI) receivers, each having a frequency band range from 3 Hz to 44 GHz, conforming to LXI (Local area network eXtension for Instruments) standard, with two radio frequency (RF) inputs and with a color display screen with a display diagonal exceeding 20 cm but not exceeding 23 cm (provided for in subheading 9030.84.00) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1602. OSCILLOSCOPE CALIBRATION TOOLS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.37 Multifunction devices for calibrating electrical safety testers, each incorporating signal generator and mul-timeter, with a recording device (provided for in subheading 9030.84.00) ....................................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1603. LOCAL AREA NETWORK EXTENSIONS FOR INSTRUMENTATION (LXI) DATA ACQUISITION AND SWITCH UNITS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.38 Local area network (LAN) eXtensions for Instrumentation (LXI) data acquisition/switch units, each having both a universal serial bus (USB) and LAN terminal using the LXI standard, having a 3-slot mainframe in rear for plug-in modules, capable of measuring 11 different input signals and having a built-in digital multimeter (DMM) with 6-1/2 digits (22 bits) of resolution (provided for in subheading 9030.89.01). ........... Free No change No  change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1604. OSCILLOSCOPE CALIBRATION TOOLS WITH FIVE CHANNELS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.39 Signal generators, certified by the importer to be used for calibrating oscilloscopes, the foregoing each with five channels and no recording device (provided for in subheading 9030.89.01) ..................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1605. SIGNAL GENERATORS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00203 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH378 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.17.40 Signal generators, certified by the importer to be used for calibrating radio frequency measurement equip-ment, each presented without a recording device (provided for in subheading 9030.89.01) ............................ Free No chan ge No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1606. OSCILLOSCOPE CALIBRATION TOOLS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.41 Output-only signal generators, each with configurable phases and harmonics designed for calibrating power and energy equipment, the foregoing without a recording device (provided for in subheading 9030.89.01) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1607. CHIMING MELODY BATTERY OPER-ATED CLOCK MOVEMENTS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.42 Battery-operated chiming melody clock movements, complete and assembled, valued over $5 each, suitable for use in the production of grandfather clocks, wall clocks and mantel clocks (provided for in subheading 9109.10.80) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1608. MECHANICAL CLOCK MOVEMENTS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.43 Mechanical clock movements, presented complete and assembled, valued over $5 each, suitable for use in the production of grandfather clocks, wall clocks or mantel clocks (provided for in subheading 9109.90.60) Free No change No ch ange On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1609. CHIME MELODY ROD ASSEMBLIES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.44 Chime melody rod assemblies and parts thereof, the foregoing suitable for use in the production of grand-father clocks, wall clocks and mantel clocks (provided for in subheading 9114.90.50) ................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1610. PILLOWS, CUSHIONS, AND SIMILAR FURNISHINGS OF COTTON. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.45 Pillows, cushions and similar furnishings of cotton, each measuring over 4,000 cm
2(provided for in sub- heading 9404.90.10) ............................................................................................................ ................................. 3.1% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1611. PILLOWS, CUSHIONS, AND SIMILAR FURNISHINGS OF MATERIAL OTHER THAN COTTON. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.46 Pillows, cushions and similar furnishings, the foregoing of materials other than cotton, each measuring over 4,000 cm
2(provided for in subheading 9404.90.20) .................................................................................. 5.3% N o change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1612. LIGHT EMITTING DIODE (LED) HANG-ING LAMPS WITH TOTAL INTERNAL REFLECTION. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.47 Electric light emitting diode (LED) lighting fittings, of base metal other than of brass, whether ceiling (hanging) or wall mounted, each with LED light source concealed above a quartz cylinder and designed to create a total internal reflection (provided for in subheading 9405.10.60) ..................................................... .. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1613. LIGHT EMITTING DIODE (LED) LAMPS, MOUNTING OPTIONS, BASES, CLAMPS, AND MOUNTS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00204 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H379 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.17.48 Electric table or desk light-emitting diode (LED) task lamps, of base metal other than of brass, each with interchangeable mounting options including bases, clamps or other mounts (provided for in subheading 9405.20.60) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... 3.0% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1614. ELECTRIC TABLE OR DESK LIGHT EMITTING DIODE (LED) TASK LAMPS WITH BALL JOINTS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.49 Electric table or desk light-emitting diode (LED) task lamps, of base metal other than of brass, each with ball joints to allow multiple positions of the lamp head relative to the base (provided for in subheading 9405.20.60) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1615. LIGHT EMITTING DIODE (LED) TASK LAMPS THAT REFLECT LIGHT FROM LED. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.50 Electric table or desk light-emitting diode (LED) task lamps, of base metal other than of brass, each incor-porating a reflector designed to reflect light from the LED in the stem of the lamp (provided for in sub-heading 9405.20.60) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1616. LIGHT EMITTING DIODE (LED) MOTION ACTIVATED SECURITY LANTERNS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.51 Light emitting diode (LED) motion-activated security lantern kits, of a kind used for exterior lighting, such lanterns of base metal and having antique bronze finish, each with frosted glass, with an integrated pho-tocell and motion sensor, and with a wall mounting bracket (provided for in subheading 9405.40.60) ......... 3.8% No change No ch ange On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1617. EXTERIOR EMERGENCY LIGHTS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.52 Emergency lights, of base metal other than of brass, round or elongated in shape, measuring between 6 and 12 cm in height, each containing incandescent lamp, lamp holder, reflector, clear glass lens with drain hole, pressure can and electrical pigtail with connector; the foregoing configured to be mounted to the exterior of an aircraft and designed for illuminating egress paths on or around the aircraft during an emergency evacuation (provided for in subheading 9405.40.60) ................................................................... ..... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1618. WING ILLUMINATION LIGHTS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.53 Exterior lights, of base metal other than of brass, such lights round in shape, with a height of 11.5 cm or more but not over 12 cm and a weight not over 1.3 kg, each containing a halogen lamp, lamp holder, re-flector, autotransformer and electrical connector, the foregoing configured to be mounted to the exterior of an aircraft and designed for illuminating the top surface, leading edge and engine nacelle areas of the aircraft wings for wing icing detection (provided for in subheading 9405.40.60) ............................................. Fre e No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1619. LANTERN GLOBES OF EXTRUDED BOROSILICATE GLASS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.54 Clear or frosted columnar globes or shades, certified by the importer as of extruded borosilicate glass; the foregoing measuring 2.54 cm or more but not over 30.48 cm in length and 2.54 cm or more but not over 20.32 cm in diameter, each with circular openings at the top and bottom, designed for use on portable non-electrical lanterns for outdoor use (provided for in subheading 9405.91.40) ............................................. Fre e No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1620. SKI BINDINGS VALUED NOT MORE THAN $55 EACH. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00205 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH380 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.17.55 Ski bindings (other than for cross-country skis), valued not over $55 each (provided for in subheading 9506.12.80) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1621. GOLF CLUB DRIVER HEADS WITH A LOFT OF 9.5 DEGREES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.56 Golf club driver heads, each stamped or otherwise permanently marked to indicate a loft of 9.5 degrees (provided for in subheading 9506.39.00) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1622. GOLF CLUB DRIVER HEADS WITH A LOFT OVER 9.5 DEGREES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.57 Golf club driver heads, each stamped or otherwise permanently marked to indicate a loft over 9.5 degrees (provided for in subheading 9506.39.00) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1623. GOLF CLUB DRIVER HEADS WITH A LOFT UNDER 9.5 DEGREES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.58 Golf club driver heads, each stamped or otherwise permanently marked to indicate a loft under 9.5 degrees (provided for in subheading 9506.39.00) ........................................................................................ ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1624. IRON HEAD GOLF CLUBS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.59 Golf club heads designed for clubs designated as 1-irons, 2-irons, 3-irons, 4-irons or 5-irons (provided for in subheading 9506.39.00) ...................................................................................................... ............................. 1.0% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1625. GOLF CLUB HYBRID HEADS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.60 Golf club hybrid heads, each stamped or otherwise permanently marked as such (provided for in sub-heading 9506.39.00) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1626. GOLF CLUB WEDGE HEADS WITH A LOFT OF 56 DEGREES OR LESS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.61 Golf club wedge heads, each stamped or permanently marked to indicate a loft of 56 degrees or less (pro-vided for in subheading 9506.39.00) ............................................................................................ ....................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1627. GOLF CLUB IRON HEADS OF 6-IRONS AND 7-IRONS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.62 Golf club heads designed for clubs designated as 6-irons and 7-irons (provided for in subheading 9506.39.00) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... 1.0% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1628. GOLF CLUB IRON HEADS OF 8-IRONS AND 9-IRONS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.63 Golf club heads designed for clubs designated as 8-irons and 9-irons (provided for in subheading 9506.39.00) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00206 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H381 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 1629. GOLF CLUB HEADS WITH A LOFT GREATER THAN 56 DEGREES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.64 Golf club wedge heads, each stamped or otherwise permanently marked to indicate a loft of greater than 56 degrees (provided for in subheading 9506.39.00) ............................................................................. ............ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1630. GOLF CLUB PUTTER HEADS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.65 Golf club putter heads (provided for in subheading 9506.39.00) ................................................... .................... 3.0% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1631. TENNIS RACKETS, STRUNG. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.70 Tennis rackets, strung and packaged for retail sale (provided for in subheading 9506.51.20) ...................... . 2.6% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1632. TENNIS RACKET FRAMES, UNSTRUNG. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.71 Lawn-tennis rackets, unstrung (provided for in subheading 9506.51.40) ............................................ .............. 0.4% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1633. RACQUETBALL RACKETS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.72 Racquetball rackets (provided for in subheading 9506.59.80) ...................................................... ..................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1634. SQUASH RACKETS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.73 Squash rackets (provided for in subheading 9506.59.80) ........................................................... ....................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1635. VOLLEYBALLS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.74 Inflatable volleyballs (provided for in subheading 9506.62.80) ................................................... ....................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1636. BASKETBALLS OTHER THAN LEATHER OR RUBBER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.75 Inflatable basketballs, each having an external surface other than of leather or of rubber (provided for in subheading 9506.62.80) ......................................................................................................... .............................. 3.1% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1637. LEATHER BASKETBALLS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.76 Inflatable basketballs with outer surface of leather (provided for in subheading 9506.62.80) ..................... ... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1638. RUBBER BASKETBALLS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00207 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH382 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.17.77 Inflatable basketballs, each with an outer surface of rubber (provided for in subheading 9506.62.80) ......... 2.5%  No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1639. RACQUETBALLS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.78 Noninflatable hollow racquetballs, not over 19 cm in diameter (provided for in subheading 9506.69.40) ...... Free N o change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1640. BLUETOOTH ENABLED FITNESS EQUIP-MENT. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.79 Fitness equipment designed for circuit training, each unit comprising a steel frame and standing platform incorporating six handles attached to cables and pulleys with variable resistance levels, with an electronic control panel capable of the wireless exchange of data and having a multicolored light-emitting diode (LED) grid (provided for in subheading 9506.91.00) ............................................................................. .............. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1641. CERTAIN FITNESS EQUIPMENT, TREAD CLIMBERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.80 Fitness equipment designed for in-home use, each unit incorporating two independent treadmill decks with separately moving belts that rotate around a mechanical treadle and simultaneously move up and down during use, designed to allow progressive amounts of resistance and combine the functions of a treadmill, a stair climber and an elliptical machine (provided for in subheading 9506.91.00) ........................................ 0.9% N o change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1642. FITNESS EQUIPMENT INCORPORATING SEVERAL MODALITIES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.81 Fitness equipment, with pivoting handles and foot pedals that perform alternating movements which com-bine the motions of a stepper and an elliptical machine, driving simultaneously a radial fan and magnetic brake in the base, equipped with an electronic control console incapable of the wireless exchange of data, with non-backlit LCD display and presented with a heart-rate monitor chest strap (provided for in sub-heading 9506.91.00) ............................................................................................................ ................................. 0.9% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1643. EXERCISE AND YOGA MATS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.82 Exercise and yoga mats of synthetic material (provided for in subheading 9506.91.00) ............................. ..... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1644. BLUETOOTH ENABLED MULTI-MODALITY FITNESS EQUIPMENT. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.83 Fitness equipment, with pivoting handles and foot pedals that perform alternating movements which com-bine the motions of a stepper and an elliptical machine, driving simultaneously a radial fan and magnetic brake in the base, equipped with an electronic control console capable of the wireless exchange of data, with backlit LCD display and heart rate monitor (provided for in subheading 9506.91.00) ............................. 2.8% No cha nge No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1645. SPEED BAGS AND RELATED EQUIP-MENT. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.84 Speed bags, free standing heavy bags, heavy bag stands of steel, speed bags with inflatable balls and heavy bag shells (provided for in subheading 9506.91.00) ....................................................................... ......... 0.8% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1646. EXERCISE CYCLES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00208 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H383 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.17.85 Upright, recumbent and semi-recumbent exercise cycles (provided for in subheading 9506.91.00) ................ 4.3%  No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1647. CERTAIN BLUETOOTH ENABLED AD-JUSTABLE DUMBBELLS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.86 Adjustable-weight fitness dumbbells, each ranging from 2 kg to not more than 30 kg, having the capa-bility for wireless exchange of data, incorporating a rotating single handle grip that interlocks disks with weight plates supported by a fitted plastic base, whether or not presented packaged with units that are not capable of wireless exchange of data (provided for in subheading 9506.91.00) ........................................ Free No  change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1648. CERTAIN ADJUSTABLE DUMBBELLS WITH ROTATING SINGLE HANDLE GRIPS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.87 Adjustable-weight fitness dumbbells without Bluetooth capability, each ranging from 2 kg to not more than 30 kg, certified by the importer as incorporating a rotating single handle grip that interlocks disks with weight plates, supported by a fitted plastic base (provided for in subheading 9506.91.00) ........................... Free No cha nge No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1649. BLUETOOTH ENABLED MULTI-MODALITY FITNESS EQUIPMENT. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.88 Fitness equipment, each unit with pivoting handles and foot pedals with steel footbeds to allow the user to perform alternating movements (whether or not also with stationary handles), combining the motions of a stepper and an elliptical machine, and driving simultaneously a radial fan and magnetic brake in the base; with an electronic control console having a backlit liquid crystal display/light-emitting diode (LCD/ LED) display and capable of the wireless exchange of data; having an integrated heart rate monitor with optional chest strap (provided for in subheading 9506.91.00) ................................................................... ........ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1650. CERTAIN ADJUSTABLE DUMBBELLS WITH ROTATING END DIALS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.89 Adjustable-weight fitness dumbbells, each allowing the user to choose a weight from a range of either 2 kg or more but not over 26 kg or 4 kg or more but not over 46 kg, certified by the importer as incor-porating rotating end dials that interlock disks with weight plates supported by a fitted plastic base (pro-vided for in subheading 9506.91.00) ............................................................................................ ....................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1651. INFLATABLE TETHERBALLS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.90 Inflatable tetherballs, each with rope attachment (provided for in subheading 9506.99.60) ........................ ... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1652. ATHLETIC MOUTH GUARDS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.91 Athletic mouth guards of plastics (provided for in subheading 9506.99.60) ........................................ ............. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1653. BOXING AND MIXED MARTIAL ARTS (MMA) PROTECTIVE EQUIPMENT. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.92 Boxing and mixed martial arts protective equipment, including shin guards, pads and shields (provided for in subheading 9506.99.60) ...................................................................................................... ............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1654. FISHING RODS, 1-PIECE, OF FIBER-GLASS AND GRAPHITE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00209 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH384 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.17.93 Fishing rods of fiberglass and carbon fiber, one-piece, presented without fishing reels, such rods valued $5 or more but not over $50 each (provided for in subheading 9507.10.00) ......................................................... F ree No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1655. FISHING REELS VALUED MORE THAN $2.70 BUT NOT MORE THAN $8.45, PRE-SPOOLED, WITH ROD. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.94 Fishing rods, each presented with a fishing reel valued over $2.70 but not more than $8.45 each and con-taining fishing line, the foregoing put up for retail sale as a complete kit each comprising one rod and one reel (whether or not containing other accessories), with each kit having an aggregate value of no more than $30 (provided for in 9507.30.40) .......................................................................................... ...................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1656. HAIR-SLIDES WITH IMITATION PEARLS OR STONES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.95 Hair-slides, set with imitation pearls or imitation gem stones and not of hard rubber or plastics (provided for in subheading 9615.19.60) .................................................................................................. ........................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1657. HAIR-SLIDES WITHOUT IMITATION PEARLS OR STONES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.96 Hair-slides, the foregoing not set with imitation pearls or imitation gem stones, not of hard rubber or plas-tics (provided for in subheading 9615.19.60) ................................................................................... .................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1658. EYELASH CURLERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.97 Eyelash curlers (provided for in subheading 9615.90.20) .......................................................... ......................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1659. VACUUM GLASS LINED STEEL COFFEE SERVERS OVER 2 LITERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.98 Insulated coffee servers, each with exterior of stainless steel and vacuum liner of glass and a hinged brew-through lid with push-button dispensing; the foregoing with capacity over 2 liters (provided for in subheading 9617.00.40) ......................................................................................................... .............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1660. VACUUM GLASS COFFEE SERVERS WITH TOP LEVER ACTION. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.99 Coffee servers, each with exterior of stainless steel, vacuum glass liner, a hinged brew-through lid with top lever style pump and swivel base; the foregoing with capacity over 2 liters (provided for in subheading 9617.00.40) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1661. VACUUM GLASS LINED COFFEE SERV-ERS WITH SIGHT GAUGE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.18.01 Vacuum coffee servers, each with lining of glass, a plastic exterior, top carrying handle, see-through con-tents window and a brew-through lid; the foregoing with a capacity over 2 liters (provided for in sub-heading 9617.00.40) ............................................................................................................ ................................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1662. VACUUM STEEL LINED COFFEE SERV-ERS WITH SIGHT GAUGE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00210 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H385 January 16, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.18.02 Vacuum coffee servers, each with lining of stainless steel, a plastic exterior, top carrying handle, see- through contents window and a brew-through lid; the foregoing with a capacity over 2 liters (provided for in subheading 9617.00.40) ...................................................................................................... ............................. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1663. TRIPOD CAMERA MOUNTS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.18.03 Tripods of plastics designed for use with digital still image video cameras of subheading 8525.80.40, the foregoing measuring 12 cm or more but not over 20 cm in length (provided for in subheading 9620.00.50) Free No change No change  On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1664. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
The amendments made by this Act apply to goods entered, or withdrawn from ware-house for consumption, on or after the 30th day after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1665. CUSTOMS USER FEES. 
Section 13031(j)(3)(A) of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(j)(3)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘January 14, 2026’’ and inserting ‘‘April 22, 2026’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. B
ISHOP ) and the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AS-
CRELL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and to include extraneous mate-rial on the bill, H.R. 4318, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to be here today to speak in support of H.R. 4318, the Miscellaneous Tariff Bill Act of 2018. This bipartisan bill will provide long- awaited tariff relief to our American manufacturers, who require certain in-puts that are simply not made in the United States. Forcing them to pay tariffs for these inputs runs up their manufacturing costs and makes them uncompetitive compared to manufac-turers in other countries. It also limits their ability to create more good-pay-ing jobs here at home. For companies in my home State of Michigan, the Miscellaneous Tariff Bill Act will provide nearly $27 million in cost savings, which can, instead, be used to employ more Americans, create new products, and boost the United States economy. For years, American manufacturers have been asking Congress for tariff re-lief to help them reduce costs, create jobs, and compete globally. Today, we can take critical steps in delivering that relief. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join us in supporting this bill, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the Miscellaneous Tar-iff Bill Act has historically had broad bipartisan support in both Chambers of Congress as a means to bolster U.S. manufacturing and competitiveness. Right now, the Miscellaneous Tariff Bill Act has been expired for more than 5 years. I am pleased that today we are finally able to consider updating this bill. The Miscellaneous Tariff Bill Act is designed to provide relief to domestic firms by reducing or lifting tariffs on imported goods, as long as those goods are not produced here in the United States of America. It is estimated that this legislation will provide more than $1 billion in tar-iff relief to U.S. businesses. Many of these businesses are needlessly paying more to acquire inputs to manufac-tured products here in the United States. My home State of New Jersey will benefit greatly from this program, with firms projected to save more than $100 million over the course of a 3-year pro-gram. As a result, these New Jersey companies will receive a competitive boost and will be able to use their re-sources more productively, whether by raising wages or investing in research and development. Consider ICF Mercantile, located in Fort Lee, New Jersey, which will ob-tain duty relief on high-tenacity rayon yarn, an input for material used for naval defense systems. Unfortunately, this specialty yarn has not been pro-duced domestically in 20 years. That means that removing the tariff here would help, not hurt, U.S. industry. New Jersey has a robust presence of chemical companies—it is our largest industry—employing directly or indi-rectly over 100,000 jobs. Several of those firms will receive tariff relief from numerous imported chemicals that I dare not try to pronounce. All of these folks who like their antipasti, their Italian subs, salad, or pizza with some extra heat will be pleased to enjoy tariff relief on little green pepperoncini, either packed in oil or not. The Miscellaneous Tariff Bill Act is also intended to carefully prevent do-mestic companies from being harmed. Under the current process, the Inter-national Trade Commission and the Department of Commerce analyzed whether products are currently or could be eminently produced in the United States. If such production or potential for production was found, the ITC recommends excluding that prod-uct. The American Manufacturing Com-petitiveness Act, which passed in 2016 with only two votes against it in the House, established the current process that invites U.S. firms to submit peti-tions that the ITC, the Department of Commerce, and the U.S. Customs and Border Protection analyze, vet, and recommend to Congress for inclusion or exclusion. I would like to thank each agency for its hard work in coordination with Congress throughout the process. Boosting the competitiveness of Amer-ican manufacturers and manufacturing workers should be one of our highest priorities in Congress. The Miscella-neous Tariff Bill Act is a program that helps do that, and I want to make sure its impact is maximized. This bill covers more than 1,600 prod-ucts compared to the previous MTB, which covered only half as many prod-ucts. Because this is the first time that this new process has been used, I am interested in reviewing both the proc-ess and, more importantly, the results, and working together with those who have constructive suggestions for any improvements that can be made. But I also want to note that this pro-gram is not enough. We, as a Congress and as a nation, need to be doing more in looking for opportunities to enhance American competitiveness meaning-fully. The global economic environ-ment is not just tough, but it is becom-ing more and more challenging and hostile to our companies and our work-ers. b1700 I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting a bill that will provide some important relief to U.S. firms across the country. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the folks on the other side. We have worked very closely on this legislation over a number of years, and it is finally coming to fruition. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. K
ELLY ). Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, first of all, we need to ask ourselves, what does H.R. 4318 do, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00211 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.017 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH386 January 16, 2018 
the Miscellaneous Tariff Bill Act? It is going to make it easier for American manufacturers to compete globally. As my friend, Mr. P
ASCRELL , has just said to you, for so many years, we have put ourselves at the wrong end of the way things should work. We add tariffs, we add taxes on the people who manu-facture. This is a commonsense bill. In every measurable way, our country and our people are the beneficiaries of this bill. Now, through this legislation, Con-gress will be able to reduce or totally suspend the tariffs, which are essen-tially a tax. At the end of the day, by giving tariff relief to U.S. businesses, this will reduce manufacturing costs, therefore, making products more com-petitive for U.S. consumers. It is a win- win for America’s consumers and for American workers. For decades, Congress has passed this type of legislation to boost the com-petitiveness of U.S. manufacturing by lowering the cost of imported goods without unnecessarily harming U.S.- based companies that produce com-peting products. Now, let me just take, for example, a company back in Pennsylvania, Lasko Products. Mr. P
ASCRELL and I sat in a hearing and we listened to these folks as they talked about what makes them competitive, what takes them off the shelf where they can’t compete, and too often it was their own country that was making it difficult. Lasko is an 11- year-old company. They employ 1,000 people. Now, Mr. McCasey, who is the chief operating officer, came and talked to us. When you hear what goes on with Lasko—this is in his words, and I think this is where we have to really con-centrate—Mr. McCasey says: We are in a business of pennies and can some-times lose the sale of a fan to an over-seas competitor due to a cost differen-tial of 20 to 30 cents. So what is it that Lasko makes? It makes fans. Seventy-two percent of their fans are portable fans. Why in the world would their own government make it harder for them to compete in a global economy? It makes absolutely no sense. We have come together, both sides, in agreement that, if there is something that we can do, why wouldn’t we do it? Why wouldn’t we make it easier for our own companies to compete? Why wouldn’t we make it easier not just for us to compete, why wouldn’t we make it easier for us to win, and win in big ways? This piece of legislation is so com-monsense. There is nothing in it that both sides don’t agree on. Quite frank-ly, and I agree with Mr. P
ASCRELL , this is the first step, but we have got to go even further. When we see what has happened in our country since last year, the Trump administration’s policies and the num-bers that we have seen rising and esca-lating at such an ascent that we didn’t ever expect this to happen this quickly, when we see America winning again, we know that that means America’s workers, every man and woman, every-body in America benefits through this legislation because we make ourselves competitive on the global stage. There is no reason for America ever to take a backseat to anybody else in the world, and we do it through com-monsense legislation. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and Mr. PASCRELL . It is good to be on the same team. It is good to be winning and keeping America winning as we go forward. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, for far too long, Amer-ican manufacturers have been put at a disadvantage because they are forced to pay tariffs on products they need but are not made in the United States. This has increased their costs, limited their ability to create new jobs, and de-creased their competitive edge. Today we have the opportunity to change that by passing the Miscella-neous Tariff Bill Act of 2018. This bi-partisan bill would deliver the tariff re-lief our manufacturers need to strengthen their competitive edge, cre-ate new, good-paying jobs, provide more benefits to their employees, and boost the American economy. At the same time, because relief is temporary, we continue to create an incentive for United States manufacturers to decide to make these products here at home. For years, American manufacturers have been asking for tariff relief. Today we can do our part to deliver it. I urge my colleagues to join us in sup-porting this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD the following: 
COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, January 16, 2018. M
R. S PEAKER : Consistent with section 3(b)(3)(F) of the American Manufacturing Competitiveness Act of 2016 (P.L. 114–159), at-tached, please find a list of petitions rec-ommended by the International Trade Com-mission in its final report but excluded from the Miscellaneous Tariff Bill Act of 2018 (H.R. 4318) due to Member objections. Sincerely, K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways & Means. R
ICHARD E. N EAL, Ranking Member, Committee on Ways & Means. The following petitions were objected to by Mr. Bucshon (IN): Petition 1566, Table-tennis tables of alu-minum-clad particleboard; Petition 2692, Table-Tennis Table with Metal Legs; Petition 2708, Table-Tennis Table with Metal Legs; and Petition 2733, Table-Tennis Table with Metal Legs. The following petitions were objected to by Mr. McCaul (TX): Petition 2928, Certain Ductless Mini Split Air Conditioners; Petition 2660, Air Conditioning Units; and Petition 2656, Self-Contained Air Condi-tioning Units. The following petitions were objected to by Senator Brown (OH) and Senator Graham (SC): Petition 1920, Boys’ Cotton Woven Blue Denim Jacket; Petition 1891, Girls’ Cotton Blue Denim Skirts or Divided Skirts; Petition 948, Beach Shelters; Petition 949, Tents with Floor and inte-grated LED Lighting; Petition 950, Tents with Automatic Win-dow Rollers; Petition 954, Tents with Hinged Doors; and Petition 957, Tent Shelters Without Floors and with LED Lighting. The following petitions were also objected to by Senator Brown (OH): Petition 1950, Six-Sided Screen Houses, and Petition 1952, Six-Sided Canopies. The following petition was objected to by Senator Donnelly (IN): Petition 1579, Akolidine; Pyridine, Alkyl Derivatives Unspecified. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. B
ISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4318, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-er, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
ALEX DIEKMANN PEAK DESIGNATION ACT OF 2017 Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 117) to designate a mountain peak in the State of Montana as ‘‘Alex Diekmann Peak’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 117 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Alex Diekmann Peak Designation Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. DESIGNATION OF ALEX DIEKMANN PEAK, MONTANA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The unnamed 9,765-foot peak located 2.2 miles west-northwest of Fin-ger Mountain on the western boundary of the Lee Metcalf Wilderness, Montana (UTM co-ordinates Zone 12, 457966 E., 4982589 N.), shall be known and designated as ‘‘Alex Diekmann Peak’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, record, or other paper of the United States to the peak de-scribed in subsection (a) shall be considered to be a reference to ‘‘Alex Diekmann Peak’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Montana (Mr. G
IANFORTE ) and the gen-tlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. H
ANABUSA ) each will control 20 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00212 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JA7.020 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H387 January 16, 2018 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Montana. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Montana? There was no objection. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, the Alex Diekmann Peak Designation Act of 2017, intro-duced by Senator S
TEVE DAINES from Montana, would designate an unnamed peak in the Lee Metcalf Wilderness in my home State of Montana the Alex Diekmann Peak. Alex Diekmann was a renowned con-servationist who lived in Bozeman, Montana. He dedicated his professional life to protecting the scenic resources of more than 50 district areas in Mon-tana, Wyoming, and Idaho and con-serving more than 100,000 acres. Mr. Diekmann brought together com-munities, landowners, sportsmen, and the general public in his conservation efforts and contributed to the future of natural treasures, such as the Greater Yellowstone Ecosystem, Glacier Na-tional Park, and the Cabinet-Yaak Ecosystem. Mr. Diekmann left a noteworthy im-pact on the preservation of natural wonders in and near the Madison Val-ley and Madison Range of Montana. This pristine area is home to majestic scenery, fishing, wildlife, and rec-reational opportunities that will re-main conserved and accessible to the public thanks to Alex’s diligent work. Mr. Diekmann lost his heroic battle with cancer on February 1, 2016, at the age of 52. He is survived by his wife, Lisa, and their two sons, Logan and Liam. He leaves a legacy of conserva-tion across Montana and the northern Rockies that will continue to benefit the United States for generations to come. The designation of this unnamed peak in the Lee Metcalf Wilderness in Montana will honor the life and legacy of Alex Diekmann. I thank Alex for his work on behalf of the American people and look forward to paying tribute to him by hiking Alex Diekmann Peak this coming summer with my wife and those of my children who can join us. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, S. 117 designates a peak in the Beaverhead National Forest as the Alex Diekmann Peak. Alex Diekmann was a renowned con-servationist who lived in Bozeman, Montana, not far from the Beaverhead National Forest and the peak that will soon bear his name. As a senior project manager for The Trust for Public Land, Mr. Diekmann dedicated his professional life to pro-tecting the natural and scenic re-sources of the northern Rockies. His conservation legacy is apparent throughout Montana, Wyoming, and Idaho, where he was directly involved in the conservation of more than 100,000 acres of public and private lands. At the age of 52, Mr. Diekmann lost a heroic battle with cancer on February 1, 2016. To honor his enduring legacy, this bill renames a peak in the Lee Metcalf Wilderness in Montana as the Alex Diekmann Peak. This is a good bill, and I urge my col-leagues to support its adoption. Mr. Speaker, I would like to close by encouraging my colleagues to vote in support of the naming of Alex Diekmann Peak in S. 117. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Hawaii for her help on this, and I would also urge my colleagues to vote for the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to ex-press my support for S. 117, the Alex Diekmann Peak Designation Act. Although I didn’t work with Alex Diekmann personally, I am very familiar with the work that the Trust for Public Land has done across the West, and I have been told of all of Alex’s individual achievements in protecting important wildlife corridors, fly-fishing streams, and ecosystems across Montana and the Northern Rockies. He spent the better part of two decades making the American West better, protecting land-scapes within the Greater Yellowstone Eco-system and securing places for our children’s children to enjoy. This legislation is a fitting memorial to Alex Diekmann’s life and legacy, and I urge my colleagues to join me in sup-porting it. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Montana (Mr. G
IANFORTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 117. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
PERSHING COUNTY ECONOMIC DE-VELOPMENT AND CONSERVA-TION ACT Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1107) to promote conserva-tion, improve public land management, and provide for sensible development in Pershing County, Nevada, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 1107 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Pershing County Economic Develop-ment and Conservation Act’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents of this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Definitions. TITLE I—CHECKERBOARD LAND RESOLUTION Sec. 101. Findings. Sec. 102. Definitions. Sec. 103. Sale or exchange of eligible land. Sec. 104. Disposition of proceeds. TITLE II—LAND CONVEYANCES AND TRANSFERS Sec. 201. Conveyances of covered land. Sec. 202. Conveyance of land for use as a public cemetery. TITLE III—WILDERNESS AREAS Sec. 301. Additions to the National Wilder-ness Preservation System. Sec. 302. Administration. Sec. 303. Wildlife management. Sec. 304. Release of wilderness study areas. Sec. 305. Native American cultural and reli-gious uses. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) C
OUNTY .—The term ‘‘County’’ means Pershing County, Nevada. (2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (3) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means the State of Nevada. (4) W
ILDERNESS AREA .—The term ‘‘wilder-ness area’’ means a wilderness area des-ignated by section 301(a). TITLE I—CHECKERBOARD LAND RESOLUTION 
SEC. 101. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds that— (1) since the passage of the Act of July 1, 1862 (12 Stat. 489, chapter 120) (commonly known as the ‘‘Pacific Railway Act of 1862’’), under which railroad land grants along the Union Pacific Railroad right-of-way created a checkerboard land pattern of alternating public land and privately owned land, man-agement of the land in the checkerboard area has been a constant source of frustra-tion for both private landholders and the Federal Government; (2) management of Federal land in the checkerboard area has been costly and dif-ficult for the Federal land management agencies, creating a disincentive to manage the land effectively; (3) parcels of land within the checkerboard area in the County will not vary signifi-cantly in appraised value by acre due to the similarity of highest and best use in the County; and (4) consolidation of appropriate land within the checkerboard area through sales and as acre-for-acre exchanges for development and Federal management will— (A) help improve the tax base of the Coun-ty; and (B) simplify management for the Federal Government. 
SEC. 102. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) E
LIGIBLE LAND .—The term ‘‘eligible land’’ means— (A) any land administered by the Director of the Bureau of Land Management that is within the area identified on the Map as ‘‘Checkerboard Lands Resolution Area’’ that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00213 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JA7.022 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH388 January 16, 2018 
is designated for disposal by the Secretary through— (i) the Winnemucca Consolidated Resource Management Plan; or (ii) any subsequent amendment or revision to the management plan that is undertaken with full public involvement; and (B) the land identified on the Map as ‘‘Ad-ditional Lands Eligible for Disposal’’. (2) M
AP.—The term ‘‘Map’’ means the map entitled ‘‘Pershing County Checkerboard Lands Resolution’’ and dated February 9, 2017. 
SEC. 103. SALE OR EXCHANGE OF ELIGIBLE LAND. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF CONVEYANCE .—Not- withstanding sections 202 and 203, sub-sections (b) through (i) of section 206, and section 209 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1712, 1713, 1716, 1719), the Secretary, in cooperation with the County, in accordance with this Act and any other applicable law, and subject to valid existing rights, shall conduct sales or exchanges of the eligible land. (b) J
OINT SELECTION REQUIRED .—The Sec- retary and the County shall jointly select which parcels of eligible land to offer for sale or exchange under subsection (a). (c) C
OMPLIANCE WITHLOCAL PLANNING AND  Z
ONING LAWS.—Before carrying out a sale or exchange under subsection (a), the County shall submit to the Secretary a certification that qualified bidders have agreed to comply with— (1) local zoning ordinances; and (2) any master plan for the area approved by the County. (d) M
ETHOD OF SALE OR EXCHANGE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The sale or exchange of el-igible land under subsection (a) shall be— (A) consistent with subsections (b), (d), and (f) of section 203 and section 206(a) of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1713, 1716(a)); and (B) conducted through— (i) a sale, which shall be— (I) through a competitive bidding process, under which adjoining landowners are of-fered the first option, unless otherwise deter-mined by the Secretary; (II) for not less than fair market value, based on an appraisal in accordance with the Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice; and (III) conducted in accordance with sub-section (f); or (ii) subject to paragraph (3), an acre-for- acre exchange for private land located with-in a Management Priority Area identified under paragraph (4)(A). (2) M
ASS APPRAISAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and every 5 years thereafter, the Secretary shall— (A) conduct a mass appraisal of the eligible land to determine whether any parcel of eli-gible land is likely valued at equal to or greater than $500 per acre (in 2017 constant dollars, as measured by the Consumer Price Index); and (B) make available to the public the re-sults of the mass appraisal conducted under subparagraph (A). (3) E
XCLUSION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary deter-mines that a parcel of eligible land is likely valued at equal to or greater than $500 per acre (in 2017 constant dollars, as measured by the Consumer Price Index) under para-graph (2)(A), the Secretary shall exclude that parcel from the acre-for-acre exchange de-scribed in paragraph (1)(B)(ii). (B) P
UBLICATION IN FEDERAL REGISTER .—If a mass appraisal of eligible land under para-graph (2)(A) is not finalized, or up-to-date and publicly available, before an acre-for- acre exchange described in paragraph (1)(B)(ii) is completed, the Secretary may fi-nalize the exchange if the Secretary pub-lishes in the Federal Register— (i) a determination stating that the one or more parcels of eligible land included in the exchange are likely valued at less than $500 per acre (in 2017 constant dollars, as meas-ured by the Consumer Price Index); and (ii) a description of the methodology used to arrive at that determination. (4) MANAGEMENT PRIORITY AREAS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, for the purpose of the exchanges authorized under paragraph (1)(B)(ii), the Secretary— (i) shall identify Management Priority Areas within the Checkerboard Lands Reso-lution Area, as identified on the Map, that are considered by the Secretary to be— (I) greater sage-grouse habitat; (II) part of an identified wildlife corridor or designated critical habitat; (III) of value for outdoor recreation or pub-lic access for hunting, fishing, and other rec-reational purposes; (IV) of significant cultural, historic, eco-logical, or scenic value; or (V) of value for improving Federal land management; and (ii) as appropriate, may identify additional management priority areas in the County any time after the identification under clause (i) is completed. (B) L
IMITATION .—Management of Federal land within any Management Priority Area identified under subparagraph (A) shall not be changed based solely on that identifica-tion. (e) W
ITHDRAWAL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to valid existing rights and mining claims for which the claims maintenance fees have been paid in the applicable assessment year, effective on the date on which a parcel of eligible land is selected for sale or exchange under sub-section (b), that parcel is withdrawn from— (A) all forms of entry and appropriation under the public land laws, including the mining laws; (B) location, entry, and patent under the mining laws; and (C) operation of the mineral leasing and geothermal leasing laws. (2) T
ERMINATION .—The withdrawal of a par-cel of eligible land under paragraph (1) shall terminate— (A) on the date of sale or, in the case of ex-change, the conveyance of title of the parcel of eligible land under this title; or (B) with respect to any parcel of eligible land selected for sale or exchange under sub-section (b) that is not sold or exchanged, not later than 2 years after the date on which the parcel was offered for sale or exchange under this title. (f) P
ARAMETERS FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE .— (1) S
ALES .— (A) D
EADLINE .—Except as provided in para-graph (3), not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and not less fre-quently than once per year thereafter until the date on which the limitation in subpara-graph (B) has been reached or the date on which the County requests a postponement under paragraph (3), the Secretary shall offer for sale the parcels of eligible land jointly selected under subsection (b). (B) L
IMITATION .—The total acreage of eligi-ble land sold under this title shall consist of not more than 150,000 acres of eligible land. (2) D
EADLINE FOR EXCHANGES .—Except as provided in paragraph (3), not later than 1 year after the date on which the Manage-ment Priority Areas are identified under subsection (d)(4)(A), and not less frequently than once per year thereafter until the date on which all of the parcels of eligible land have been disposed of or the date on which the County requests a postponement under paragraph (3), the Secretary shall offer for exchange the parcels of eligible land jointly selected under subsection (b). (3) POSTPONEMENT ; EXCLUSION FOR SALE OR  
EXCHANGE .— (A) R
EQUEST BY COUNTY FOR POSTPONEMENT  
OR EXCLUSION .—At the request of the County, the Secretary shall postpone or exclude from a sale or exchange all or a portion of the eli-gible land jointly selected under subsection (b). (B) I
NDEFINITE POSTPONEMENT .—Unless spe-cifically requested by the County, a post-ponement under subparagraph (A) shall not be indefinite. (C) P
OSTPONEMENT OR EXCLUSION BY THE  
SECRETARY .—The Secretary may postpone or exclude from a sale or exchange all or a por-tion of the eligible land jointly selected under subsection (b) for emergency ecologi-cal or safety reasons. 
SEC. 104. DISPOSITION OF PROCEEDS. 
(a) D ISPOSITION OF PROCEEDS .—Of the pro-ceeds from the sale of land under section 103 or 201— (1) 5 percent shall be disbursed to the State for use in the general education program of the State; (2) 10 percent shall be disbursed to the County for use as determined through nor-mal County budgeting procedures; and (3) the remainder shall be deposited in a special account in the Treasury of the United States, to be known as the ‘‘Pershing County Special Account’’, which shall be available to the Secretary, in consultation with the County, for— (A) the reimbursement of costs incurred by the Department of the Interior in preparing for the sale or exchange of the eligible land, including— (i) the costs of surveys and appraisals; and (ii) the costs of compliance with the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) and sections 202 and 203 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1712, 1713); (B) the conduct of wildlife habitat con-servation and restoration projects, including projects that benefit the greater sage-grouse in the County; (C) a project or activity carried out in the County to address drought conditions; (D) the implementation of wildfire presuppression and restoration projects in the County; (E) the acquisition of environmentally sen-sitive land or interests in environmentally sensitive land in the County; (F) projects that secure public access to Federal land for hunting, fishing, and other recreational purposes through easements or rights-of-way in the County; and (G) the conduct of any surveys related to the designation of the wilderness areas under title III. (b) I
NVESTMENT OF SPECIAL ACCOUNT .—Any amounts deposited in the special account es-tablished under subsection (a)(3)— (1) shall earn interest in an amount deter-mined by the Secretary of the Treasury, based on the current average market yield on outstanding marketable obligations of the United States of comparable maturities; and (2) may be expended by the Secretary in accordance with this section. (c) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Beginning with fiscal year 2020, and once every 5 fiscal years thereafter, not later than 60 days after the last day of the preceding fiscal year, the Secretary shall submit to the State, the County, and the ap-propriate committees of Congress a report on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00214 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.008 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H389 January 16, 2018 
the operation of the special account estab-lished under subsection (a)(3) for the pre-ceding 5 fiscal years. (2) C
ONTENTS .—Each report submitted under paragraph (1) shall include, for the fis-cal year covered by the report— (A) a statement of the amounts deposited into the special account; (B) a description of the expenditures made from the special account for the fiscal year, including the purpose of the expenditures; (C) recommendations for additional au-thorities to fulfill the purpose of the special account; and (D) a statement of the balance remaining in the special account at the end of the fiscal year. TITLE II—LAND CONVEYANCES AND TRANSFERS 
SEC. 201. CONVEYANCES OF COVERED LAND. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
OVERED LAND .—The term ‘‘covered land’’ means any Federal land or interest in Federal land in the County identified on the Map as ‘‘Covered Land’’. (2) M
AP.—The term ‘‘Map’’ means the map entitled ‘‘Pershing County Land Convey-ances and Transfers’’ and dated February 9, 2017. (3) Q
UALIFIED ENTITY .—The term ‘‘qualified entity’’ means, with respect to a portion of covered land— (A) the owner of the mining claims, mill-sites, or tunnel sites on a portion of the cov-ered land on the date of enactment of this Act; (B) the lessee, or other successor in inter-est of the owner— (i) with the right of possession of the min-ing claims, millsites, or tunnel sites on the covered land; (ii) that has paid (or whose agent has paid) the annual claim maintenance fee or filed a maintenance fee waiver on or before Sep-tember 1, 2017, with the authority or consent of the owner, for the upcoming assessment year for the mining claims, millsites, or tun-nel sites within the exterior boundary of the portion of covered land, as determined based on the claim maintenance fee records of the Bureau of Land Management as of the date of introduction of this Act; and (iii) that has the authority or consent of the owner to acquire the portion of covered land; or (C) a subsequent successor to the interest of a qualified entity in the covered land that has the authority or consent of the owner to acquire the portion of covered land. (b) L
ANDCONVEYANCES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (3), notwithstanding the inventory and land use planning requirements of sections 201 and 202 or the sales provisions of section 203 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1711, 1712, 1713), not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act and subject to valid existing rights held by third parties and any mining claims, mill-site, or tunnel site of a qualified entity ap-plicable to the covered land, the Secretary shall offer for sale to qualified entities, for fair market value, the remaining right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the covered land. (2) C
ONVEYANCE .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the acceptance of an offer under paragraph (1) by a qualified entity and completion of a sale for all or part of the covered land to a qualified entity, the Sec-retary, by delivery of an appropriate deed, patent, or other valid instrument of convey-ance, shall convey to the qualified entity, all remaining right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the applicable por-tion of the covered land. (3) M
ERGER .—Subject to valid existing rights held by third parties, on delivery of the instrument of conveyance to the quali-fied entity under paragraph (2), any prior in-terests in the locatable minerals and the right to use the surface for mineral purposes held by the qualified entity under a mining claim, millsite, tunnel site, or any other Federal land use authorization applicable to the covered land conveyed to the qualified entity shall merge with all right, title, and interest conveyed to the qualified entity by the United States under this section to en-sure that the qualified entity receives fee simple title to the purchased covered land. (4) APPRAISAL TO DETERMINE FAIR MARKET  
VALUE .—The Secretary shall determine the fair market value of the covered land to be conveyed under this subsection in accord-ance with— (A) the Federal Land Policy and Manage-ment Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.); and (B) the Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice. (5) C
OSTS.—As a condition of the convey-ance of the covered land under this section, the qualified entity shall pay all costs re-lated to the conveyance of the covered land conveyed, including the costs of surveys and other administrative costs associated with the conveyance. (6) A
VAILABILITY OF MAP .—The Map shall be on file and available for public inspection in the appropriate offices of the Bureau of Land Management. (7) M
INOR CORRECTIONS .—The Secretary, in consultation with the County, may correct minor errors in the Map or a description of the covered land. (c) D
ISPOSITION OF PROCEEDS .—Any amounts collected under this section shall be disposed of in accordance with section 104. (d) T
ERMINATION .—The authority of the Secretary to sell covered land under this sec-tion shall terminate on the date that is 10 years after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 202. CONVEYANCE OF LAND FOR USE AS A PUBLIC CEMETERY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-vey to the County, without consideration, the Federal land described in subsection (b). (b) D
ESCRIPTION OF FEDERAL LAND.—The Federal land referred to in subsection (a) is the approximately 10 acres of land depicted as ‘‘Unionville Cemetery’’ on the Map. (c) U
SE OF CONVEYED LAND.—The Federal land conveyed under subsection (a) shall be used by the County as a public cemetery. TITLE III—WILDERNESS AREAS 
SEC. 301. ADDITIONS TO THE NATIONAL WILDER-NESS PRESERVATION SYSTEM. 
(a) A DDITIONS .—In accordance with the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.), the following parcels of Federal land in the State are designated as wilderness and as components of the National Wilderness Pres-ervation System: (1) C
AIN MOUNTAIN WILDERNESS .—Certain Federal land managed by the Bureau of Land Management, comprising approximately 12,339 acres, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Proposed Cain Mountain Wilder-ness’’ and dated February 9, 2017, which shall be known as the ‘‘Cain Mountain Wilder-ness’’. (2) B
LUEWING WILDERNESS .—Certain Fed-eral land managed by the Bureau of Land Management, comprising approximately 24,900 acres, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Proposed Bluewing Wilderness’’ and dated February 9, 2017, which shall be known as the ‘‘Bluewing Wilderness’’. (3) S
ELENITE PEAK WILDERNESS .—Certain Federal land managed by the Bureau of Land Management, comprising approximately 22,822 acres, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Proposed Selenite Peak Wilder-ness’’ and dated February 9, 2017, which shall be known as the ‘‘Selenite Peak Wilderness’’. (4) MOUNT LIMBO WILDERNESS .—Certain Federal land managed by the Bureau of Land Management, comprising approximately 11,855 acres, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Proposed Mt. Limbo Wilderness’’ and dated February 9, 2017, which shall be known as the ‘‘Mount Limbo Wilderness’’. (5) N
ORTH SAHWAVE WILDERNESS .—Certain Federal land managed by the Bureau of Land Management, comprising approximately 13,875 acres, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Proposed North Sahwave Wilder-ness’’ and dated February 9, 2017, which shall be known as the ‘‘North Sahwave Wilder-ness’’. (6) G
RANDFATHERS ’ WILDERNESS .—Certain Federal land managed by the Bureau of Land Management, comprising approximately 35,339 acres, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Proposed Grandfathers’ Wilder-ness’’ and dated February 9, 2017, which shall be known as the ‘‘Grandfathers’ Wilderness’’. (7) F
ENCEMAKER WILDERNESS .—Certain Fed-eral land managed by the Bureau of Land Management, comprising approximately 14,942 acres, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Proposed Fencemaker Wilderness’’ and dated February 9, 2017, which shall be known as the ‘‘Fencemaker Wilderness’’. (b) B
OUNDARY .—The boundary of any por-tion of a wilderness area that is bordered by a road shall be 100 feet from the centerline of the road. (c) M
AP AND LEGAL DESCRIPTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—As soon as practicable after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall file a map and legal descrip-tion of each wilderness area. (2) E
FFECT .—Each map and legal descrip-tion prepared under paragraph (1) shall have the same force and effect as if included in this Act, except that the Secretary may cor-rect clerical and typographical errors in the map or legal description. (3) A
VAILABILITY .—Each map and legal de-scription prepared under paragraph (1) shall be on file and available for public inspection in the appropriate offices of the Bureau of Land Management. (4) W
ITHDRAWAL .—Subject to valid existing rights, the wilderness areas designated by subsection (a) are withdrawn from— (A) all forms of entry, appropriation, and disposal under the public land laws; (B) location, entry, and patent under the mining laws; and (C) disposition under all laws relating to mineral and geothermal leasing or mineral materials. 
SEC. 302. ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) M ANAGEMENT .—Subject to valid exist-ing rights, the wilderness areas shall be ad-ministered by the Secretary in accordance with the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.), except that— (1) any reference in that Act to the effec-tive date shall be considered to be a ref-erence to the date of enactment of this Act; and (2) any reference in that Act to the Sec-retary of Agriculture shall be considered to be a reference to the Secretary. (b) L
IVESTOCK .—The grazing of livestock in the wilderness areas, if established before the date of enactment of this Act, shall be allowed to continue, subject to such reason-able regulations, policies, and practices as the Secretary considers to be necessary in accordance with— (1) section 4(d)(4) of the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1133(d)(4)); and (2) the guidelines set forth in Appendix A of the report of the Committee on Interior and Insular Affairs of the House of Rep-resentatives accompanying H.R. 2570 of the 101st Congress (House Report 101–405). (c) I
NCORPORATION OF ACQUIRED LAND AND  I
NTERESTS .—Any land or interest in land 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00215 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.008 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH390 January 16, 2018 
within the boundary of a wilderness area that is acquired by the United States after the date of enactment of this Act shall be added to and administered as part of the wil-derness area. (d) A
DJACENT MANAGEMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Congress does not intend for the designation of the wilderness areas to create protective perimeters or buffer zones around the wilderness areas. (2) N
ONWILDERNESS ACTIVITIES .—The fact that nonwilderness activities or uses can be seen or heard from areas within a wilderness area shall not preclude the conduct of those activities or uses outside the boundary of the wilderness area. (e) M
ILITARY OVERFLIGHTS .—Nothing in this Act restricts or precludes— (1) low-level overflights of military air-craft over the wilderness areas, including military overflights that can be seen or heard within the wilderness areas; (2) flight testing and evaluation; or (3) the designation or creation of new units of special use airspace, or the establishment of military flight training routes, over the wilderness areas. (f) W
ILDFIRE , INSECT , ANDDISEASE MANAGE -
MENT .—In accordance with section 4(d)(1) of the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1133(d)(1)), the Secretary may take such measures in the wilderness areas as are necessary for the control of fire, insects, and diseases (includ-ing, as the Secretary determines to be appro-priate, the coordination of the activities with a State or local agency). (g) C
LIMATOLOGICAL DATA COLLECTION .—In accordance with the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.) and subject to such terms and conditions as the Secretary may pre-scribe, the Secretary may authorize the in-stallation and maintenance of hydrologic, meteorologic, or climatological data collec-tion devices in the wilderness areas if the Secretary determines that the facilities and access to the facilities are essential to flood warning, flood control, or water reservoir op-eration activities. (h) W
ATER RIGHTS .— (1) F
INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (A) the wilderness areas are located— (i) in the semiarid region of the Great Basin; and (ii) at the headwaters of the streams and rivers on land with respect to which there are few, if any— (I) actual or proposed water resource facili-ties located upstream; and (II) opportunities for diversion, storage, or other uses of water occurring outside the land that would adversely affect the wilder-ness values of the land; (B) the wilderness areas are generally not suitable for use or development of new water resource facilities; and (C) because of the unique nature of the wil-derness areas, it is possible to provide for proper management and protection of the wilderness and other values of land in ways different from those used in other laws. (2) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of this section is to protect the wilderness values of the wil-derness areas by means other than a feder-ally reserved water right. (3) S
TATUTORY CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this Act— (A) constitutes an express or implied res-ervation by the United States of any water or water rights with respect to the wilder-ness areas; (B) affects any water rights in the State (including any water rights held by the United States) in existence on the date of en-actment of this Act; (C) establishes a precedent with regard to any future wilderness designations; (D) affects the interpretation of, or any designation made under, any other Act; or (E) limits, alters, modifies, or amends any interstate compact or equitable apportion-ment decree that apportions water among and between the State and other States. (4) NEVADA WATER LAW .—The Secretary shall follow the procedural and substantive requirements of State law in order to obtain and hold any water rights not in existence on the date of enactment of this Act with re-spect to the wilderness areas. (5) N
EW PROJECTS .— (A) D
EFINITION OF WATER RESOURCE FACIL -
ITY.— (i) I
N GENERAL .—In this paragraph, the term ‘‘water resource facility’’ means irriga-tion and pumping facilities, reservoirs, water conservation works, aqueducts, canals, ditches, pipelines, wells, hydropower projects, transmission and other ancillary facilities, and other water diversion, storage, and carriage structures. (ii) E
XCLUSION .—In this paragraph, the term ‘‘water resource facility’’ does not in-clude wildlife guzzlers. (B) R
ESTRICTION ON NEW WATER RESOURCE  
FACILITIES .—Except as otherwise provided in this Act, on and after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, neither the President nor any other officer, employee, or agent of the United States shall fund, assist, authorize, or issue a license or permit for the develop-ment of any new water resource facility within the wilderness areas. (i) T
EMPORARY TELECOMMUNICATIONS DE-
VICE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Nothing in this Act pre-vents the placement of a temporary tele-communications device for law enforcement or agency administrative purposes in the Selenite Peak Wilderness in accordance with paragraph (2). (2) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .—Any tem-porary telecommunications device author-ized by the Secretary under paragraph (1) shall— (A) be carried out in accordance with— (i) the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.); and (ii) all other applicable laws (including reg-ulations); (B) to the maximum practicable, be lo-cated in such a manner as to minimize im-pacts on the recreational and other wilder-ness values of the area; and (C) be for a period of not longer than 7 years. 
SEC. 303. WILDLIFE MANAGEMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In accordance with sec-tion 4(d)(7) of the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1133(d)(7)), nothing in this Act affects or di-minishes the jurisdiction of the State with respect to fish and wildlife management, in-cluding the regulation of hunting, fishing, and trapping, in the wilderness areas. (b) M
ANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES .—In further-ance of the purposes and principles of the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.), the Secretary may conduct any management ac-tivities in the wilderness areas that are nec-essary to maintain or restore fish and wild-life populations and the habitats to support the populations, if the activities are carried out— (1) consistent with relevant wilderness management plans; and (2) in accordance with— (A) the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.); and (B) appropriate policies, such as those set forth in Appendix B of the report of the Com-mittee on Interior and Insular Affairs of the House of Representatives accompanying H.R. 2570 of the 101st Congress (House Report 101– 405), including noxious weed treatment and the occasional and temporary use of motor-ized vehicles if the use, as determined by the Secretary, would promote healthy, viable, and more naturally distributed wildlife pop-ulations that would enhance wilderness val-ues with the minimal impact necessary to reasonably accomplish those tasks. (c) EXISTING ACTIVITIES .—Consistent with section 4(d)(1) of the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1133(d)(1)) and in accordance with ap-propriate policies such as those set forth in Appendix B of the Committee on Interior and Insular Affairs of the House of Representa-tives accompanying H.R. 2570 of the 101st Congress (House Report 101–405), the State may continue to use aircraft, including heli-copters, to survey, capture, transplant, mon-itor, and provide water for wildlife popu-lations, specifically sage-grouse, in the wil-derness areas. (d) W
ILDLIFE WATER DEVELOPMENT  P
ROJECTS .—Subject to subsection (f), the Secretary shall authorize structures and fa-cilities, including existing structures and fa-cilities, for wildlife water development projects, including guzzlers, in the wilder-ness areas if— (1) the structures and facilities will, as de-termined by the Secretary, enhance wilder-ness values by promoting healthy, viable and more naturally distributed wildlife popu-lations; and (2) the visual impacts of the structures and facilities on the wilderness areas can reason-ably be minimized. (e) H
UNTING , FISHING , ANDTRAPPING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may des-ignate areas in which, and establish periods during which, for reasons of public safety, administration, or compliance with applica-ble laws, no hunting, fishing, or trapping will be permitted in the wilderness areas. (2) C
ONSULTATION .—Except in emergencies, the Secretary shall consult with the appro-priate State agency and notify the public be-fore taking any action under paragraph (1). (f) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The State, including a designee of the State, may conduct wildlife management activities in the wilderness areas— (A) in accordance with the terms and con-ditions specified in the cooperative agree-ment between the Secretary and the State entitled ‘‘Memorandum of Understanding be-tween the Bureau of Land Management and the Nevada Department of Wildlife Supple-ment No. 9’’ and signed November and De-cember 2003, including any amendments to the cooperative agreement agreed to by the Secretary and the State; and (B) subject to all applicable laws (including regulations). (2) R
EFERENCES ; CLARK COUNTY .—For the purposes of this subsection, any references to Clark County in the cooperative agreement described in paragraph (1)(A) shall be consid-ered to be a reference to the wilderness areas. 
SEC. 304. RELEASE OF WILDERNESS STUDY AREAS. 
(a) F INDING .—Congress finds that, for the purposes of section 603(c) of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1782(c)), the approximately 48,600 acres of public land in the portions of the China Mountain, Mt. Limbo, Selenite Moun-tains, and Tobin Range wilderness study areas that have not been designated as wil-derness by section 301(a) and the portion of the Augusta Mountains wilderness study area within the County that has not been designated as wilderness by section 301(a) have been adequately studied for wilderness designation. (b) R
ELEASE .—The public land described in subsection (a)— (1) is no longer subject to section 603(c) of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1782(c)); and (2) shall be managed in accordance with the applicable land use plans adopted under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00216 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.008 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H391 January 16, 2018 
section 202 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1712). 
SEC. 305. NATIVE AMERICAN CULTURAL AND RE-LIGIOUS USES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Nothing in this title al-ters or diminishes the treaty rights of any Indian tribe (as defined in section 4 of the In-dian Self-Determination and Education As-sistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304)). (b) C
ULTURAL USES.—Nothing in this title precludes the traditional collection of pine nuts in a wilderness area for personal, non-commercial use consistent with the Wilder-ness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Montana (Mr. G
IANFORTE ) and the gen-tlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. H
ANABUSA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Montana. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Montana? There was no objection. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1107, introduced by Congressman M
ARKAMODEI of Nevada, is a bipartisan bill that consolidates over 300,000 acres of checkerboard land previously identified for disposal by the Bureau of Land Management in Pershing County, Nevada. This bill conveys land for mining and other pub-lic purposes, creates a new wilderness area, and releases certain wilderness study areas, all to benefit conserva-tion, recreation, and economic develop-ment in the county. Mr. Speaker, 85 percent of Nevada’s land is owned and operated by the Fed-eral Government. Not only does this deprive the State final say on manage-ment decisions in its own backyard, but it also deprives the State of the tax base utilized by other States to fund roads, school districts, and police de-partments. Pershing County, Nevada, is no dif-ferent. Seventy-five percent of the county is federally owned. This bill is a result of over a decade of negotiations between locally elected officials, min-ers, conservationists, sportsmen, ranchers, and residents in the county. Their hard work and commitment to bipartisanship has resulted in a bill that benefits all parties, guaranteeing that both the economic and ecological future of the county are protected. This bill, in addition to being cospon-sored by all Nevada congressional Rep-resentatives, is supported by Pershing County, Friends of Nevada Wilderness, the Nevada Chapter of the Backcountry Hunters and Anglers, Co-alition for Nevada’s Wildlife, and sev-eral Nevadan mining companies, in-cluding Clover Nevada, Coeur Mining, EP Minerals, Gold Acquisition Corp., and Solidus Resources. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. b1715 Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1107 is a bill co-sponsored by the entire Nevada delega-tion that will enhance both economic development opportunities and the conservation of public land in Pershing County. First, I want to mention that this bill will designate over 130,000 acres of wilderness. This is a significant con-servation victory and I would like to congratulate everyone who has worked on making this a reality. In addition to the wilderness designa-tion, this bill establishes a process to exchange or sell up to 400,000 acres of Federal land throughout Pershing County. I understand that the BLM and other interested parties have raised some concerns with the appraisal proc-ess set up in the bill. Unfortunately, we were not able to address these concerns at markup, but I hope we can continue working with our colleagues in the Senate to make any necessary changes to the bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. A
MODEI ). Mr. AMODEI. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues from Montana and Ha-waii for their supportiveness. Briefly, Mr. Speaker, this is what you get when people talk about issues and not cliches. This is a long time in the making, as has been previously in-dicated, folks from the wilderness areas, folks from economic develop-ment areas, folks from the resource ex-traction areas all coming together on this. But just in case there is some con-cern about, oh my God, potentially we are transferring the Federal estate, let’s remind people of a couple of things that are in this legislation. First of all, nothing is transferred for nothing. It talks about the appraisal process and how, if you are going to purchase the Federal estate, you are going to pay for it. Secondly, it is talking about ex-changes along the Trans-Pacific legis-lation on the checkerboard from 1862, which talks about the Secretary of the Interior is a full partner with the coun-ty commission in identifying those lands that are appropriate for ex-change. Why is this important? This is important because if they don’t think it is a good idea to ex-change, then the Secretary of the Inte-rior can stop that process, so it doesn’t force the Secretary of the Interior to exchange land that he or she, in the fu-ture, doesn’t want to. But let’s remind ourselves of one other thing. Exchanges of checker-board land are not just something that benefits perhaps economic development along the Interstate 80 corridor, or somebody who does a cow-calf oper-ation somewhere. It also allows re-source managers, Federal land man-agers, wildlife people to consolidate checkerboard lands where they need to be consolidated, to do things like pre-serve habitat, preserve special resource areas, whether it is for mule deer, whether it is for the endangered species potential of the sage hen, and other things like that. So it is a two-way street. So my congratulations to the folks of Pershing County and the BLM employ-ees in the Winnemucca district. By the way, no lands are subject to this that haven’t been identified in their resource management plan, their planning document, as potentially available for either exchange or dis-posal. Finally, I want to remind you of this: there are 150,000 acres that can be bought out of a potential Federal es-tate of over 9 million acres in that county. So it is a fraction of 1 percent. And of the potential available for ex-change, it sets an upper limit of 300,000, potential. The county has to ask for it, the Secretary has to agree to an ex-change. So when you talk about the size of the Federal estate in Pershing Coun-ty—which, by the way, is the home to the Burning Man festival, for those of you who follow that sort of stuff—it is something that is, quite frankly, not going to change the landscape, literally speaking, in terms of the ownership and the diminishment of the Federal estate. They are still the major player to the tune of—at the end of the day, 95 percent of the Federal estate is still in-tact. Finally, on wilderness study areas and wilderness creation areas, in this bill, you have created about 148,000 acres of new wilderness areas and you have released parts of five different wilderness study areas that are about 48,000 acres. So when you start talking about this is a good housekeeping measure, it allows Pershing County to come into the new age in terms of what they think is appropriate for their eco-nomic diversification and vitality, but also gives Federal land managers, re-source folks, wildlife groups, and con-servation groups, the tools to do good things in Pershing County, too. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my col-league for his generous provision of the time. The last piece is this: the most suc-cessful public lands legislation in the country is probably the Southern Ne-vada Public Lands Management Act, which turns 20 this year. Much of this is patterned on that. When you talk about what happens when they sell land, money goes to education and it goes to the county, and then 85 percent of every dollar brought in goes for the benefit of those Federal lands, for those land managers in Pershing County. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00217 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.008 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH392 January 16, 2018 
It has been working in southern Ne-vada for 20 years. This is a good step. I encourage bipartisan, nationwide sup-port. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I am just going to close by saying that I re-quest that all of our colleagues vote to support H.R. 1107, Pershing County Economic Development and Conserva-tion Act. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I would echo the sentiments of the gen-tlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. H
ANABUSA ). I urge my colleagues to vote for this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Montana (Mr. G
IANFORTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1107, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
POARCH BAND OF CREEK INDIANS LAND REAFFIRMATION ACT Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1532) to reaffirm that certain land has been taken into trust for the benefit of the Poarch Band of Creek In-dians, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1532 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Poarch Band of Creek Indians Land Reaffirmation Act’’. 
SEC. 2. REAFFIRMATION OF INDIAN TRUST LAND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Lands described in sub-section (b) that were taken into trust by the United States for the benefit of the Poarch Band of Creek Indians prior to the date of enactment of this Act are reaffirmed, subject to valid existing rights, as trust land and shall remain as Indian country under section 1151 of title 18, United States Code. (b) D
ESCRIPTION OF LAND.—The land re-ferred to in subsection (a) is comprised of the following: (1) The approximately 229
1⁄2acres described in the final Notice of the Department of the Interior’s Poarch Band of Creeks Establish-ment of Reservation (50 Fed. Reg. 15502 (April 18, 1985)), and Poarch Band of Creeks; Establishment of Reservation: Correction (50 Fed. Reg. 19813 (May 10, 1985)), and shown on Poarch Band of Creek Indians Trust Lands Maps 1, 2, and 5 as ‘‘Reservation’’. (2) The approximately 1 acre named as Par-cel 5 located within the exterior geographic boundaries of Escambia County, Florida, which was taken into trust by the Depart-ment of the Interior via Statutory Warranty Deed on November 21, 1984, shown on Poarch Band of Creek Indians Trust Lands Map 7, and further described as: Commence at the Southeast corner of the Northwest Quarter of Section 5, Township 5 North, Range 33 West, Escambia County, Florida; thence go West along the South line of the Northwest Quarter of said Section 5 for a distance of 420 feet; thence run North for a distance of 40 feet to the point of begin-ning; thence continue North along said line for a distance of 210 feet; thence run West for a distance of 210 feet; thence run South for a distance of 210 feet; thence run East 210 feet to the point of beginning, containing one acre, more or less. (3) The approximately 1 acre named as Par-cel 6 located within the exterior geographic boundaries of Monroe County, Alabama, which was taken into trust by the Depart-ment of the Interior via Statutory Warranty Deed on November 21, 1984, shown on Poarch Band of Creek Indians Trust Lands Map 3, and further described as: One acre in a square in Southeast corner of the ten-acre strip on the North side of South Half of Southeast Quarter lying West of the highway in Section 26, Township 5 North, Range 6 East, being the same property con-veyed to the Grantor by deed dated July 23, 1984 and filed for record in the office of the Judge of Probate of Monroe County, Ala-bama on July 23, 1984, and by correction deed dated November 21, 1984. (4) The approximately 10 acres named as Parcel 12 located within the exterior geo-graphic boundaries of Escambia County, Ala-bama, which were taken into trust by the Department of the Interior via Correction Deed on November 21, 1988, shown on Poarch Band of Creek Indians Trust Lands Map 4, and further described as: Begin at a 2′′ iron pipe at the intersection of the South line of Section 5, Township 1 North, Range 6 East, and the East right of way line of Alabama State Highway No. 21; thence run S 89° 03′ 00′′ E along said South line of Section 5 a distance of 860.93 feet; thence run N 00° 04′ 57′′ W a distance of 608.47 feet; thence run N 89° 56′ 20′′ W a distance of 575.73 feet to the aforementioned East right of way line of Alabama State Highway No. 21; thence run S 25° 32′ 21′′ W along said East right of way line a distance of 659.22 feet to the point of beginning, said property lying and being all in Section 5, Township 1 North, Range 6 East, and containing 10.09 acres, more or less. (5) The approximately 10 acres named as Parcel 10 located within the exterior geo-graphic boundaries of Escambia County, Ala-bama, which were taken into trust by the Department of the Interior via Warranty Deed on August 17, 1992, shown on Poarch Band of Creek Indians Trust Lands Map 2, and further described as: Commencing at the Southeast corner of the Northeast 1/4 of Southwest 1/4 - Section 28 Township 2 North Range 6 East; thence North 577.5 feet; thence North 89 degrees West 2726 feet to the point of beginning; thence North 89 degrees West 100 feet; thence South 210 feet; thence North 89 degrees West 855 feet; thence South 0 degrees 21 minutes West 378.37 feet; thence South 84 degrees 40 minutes East 966 feet; thence North 28 de-grees 32 minutes East 300 feet; thence North 89 degrees West 148 feet; thence North 395.34 feet to point of beginning. Containing 10.08 acres. (6) The approximately 52 acres named as Parcel 14 located within the exterior geo-graphic boundaries of Escambia County, Ala-bama, which was taken into trust by the De-partment of the Interior via Warranty Deed on August 17, 1992, shown on Poarch Band of Creek Indians Trust Lands Map 1, and fur-ther described as: All of the North half of Northwest Quarter of Section 34, Township 2 North, Range 5 East lying East of the Poarch-Perdido Road. (7) The approximately 31 acres named as Parcel 15 located within the exterior geo-graphic boundaries of Escambia County, Ala-bama, which were taken into trust by War-ranty Deed on August 17, 1992, shown on Poarch Band of Creek Indians Trust Lands Map 1, and further described as: All of the West Half of Northwest Quarter of Section 34, Township 2 North, Range 5 East lying North of Dees Road and West of the Poarch-Perdido Road. (8) The approximately 8 acres named as Parcel 16 located within the exterior geo-graphic boundaries of Escambia County, Ala-bama, which were taken into trust by the Department of the Interior via Warranty Deed on August 17, 1992, shown on Poarch Band of Creek Indians Trust Lands Map 1, and further described as: Beginning at the Southwest corner of Northwest Quarter of Southwest Quarter of Section 27, Township 2 North, Range 5 East; thence run East 1145 feet to the public road; thence North 3 degrees 15 minutes East 380 feet along said road; thence run West 1167 feet; thence run South 380 feet to point of be-ginning containing ten acres, except two acres described as follows: Beginning at the aforesaid point of begin-ning thence run East 848 feet to the starting point; thence run North 297 feet, thence run East 298 feet, more or less, to the West right of way of Old Sullivan Mill Road; thence run Southwesterly along said right of way to the South line of Northwest Quarter of South-west Quarter of said Section 27; thence run West 297 feet to the starting point, con-taining eight acres, more or less. (9) The approximately 34 acres named as Parcel 22 located within the exterior geo-graphic boundaries of Escambia County, Ala-bama, which was taken into trust by the De-partment of the Interior via Warranty Deed on August 17, 1992, shown on Poarch Band of Creek Indians Trust Lands Map 1, and fur-ther described as: Commence at a one-inch metal pipe being the Southwest corner of Section 27, Town-ship 2 North, Range 5 East Escambia County, Alabama; thence go N 00 ° 38′ 26′′ W along the West line of said Section 27 for a distance of 8.0 feet to a point on the Northerly right of way line of Jackson Road (40 foot right of way), said point also being the point of be-ginning; thence continue N 00 ° 38′ 26′′ W along said West section line for a distance of 1321.23 feet to the Northwest corner of the Southwest Quarter of Southwest Quarter at said Section 27; thence go N 89 ° 30′ 13′′ E along the North line of said Southwest Quar-ter of Southwest Quarter for a distance of 1146.48 feet to the Westerly right of way line of Poarch-Perdido Road (40 foot right of way); thence go S 00° 34′ 55′′ W along said Westerly right of way line for a distance of 287.65 feet: thence go S 01 ° 30′ 05′′ W for a dis- tance of 40.0 feet; thence go S 00 ° 00′ 31′′ W along aforesaid Westerly right of way line for a distance of 195.59 feet; thence go S 02 ° 34′ 30′′ W along aforesaid right of way line for a distance of 172.73 feet; thence go S 04 ° 24′ 35′′ W along aforesaid right of way for a dis-tance of 630.72 feet to the intersection with the Northerly right of way of said Jackson Road; thence go S 89 39 ′ 16′′ W along said Northerly right of way line for a distance of 1071.43 feet to the point of beginning, it being the intention to describe herein and convey hereby all of the Southwest Quarter of Southwest Quarter of Section 27, Township 2 North, Range 5 East, lying West of the public road. (10) The approximately 13 acres named as Parcel 17 located within the exterior geo-graphic boundaries of Montgomery County, Alabama, which were taken into trust by the Department of the Interior via Warranty Deed on March 23, 1995, shown on Poarch Band of Creek Indians Trust Lands Map 6, and further described as: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00218 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JA7.025 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H393 January 16, 2018 
Commence at the SW corner of Section 27, T-17-N, R-19-E, Montgomery County, Ala-bama and run EAST, 4340.49 feet; thence NORTH, 1806.29 feet to a point on existing fence line and being the Point of Beginning; Thence continue along said fence line S89°13′03′′E, 136.34 feet; Thence continue along said fence line S23 °49′20′′ E, 62.92 feet; Thence continue along said fence line N69°23′34′′E, 219.92 feet to an existing iron pin; Thence continue along said fence line N17°23′26′′W, 968.84 feet to an existing iron pin; Thence leaving said fence line N18°23′28′′W, 503.62 feet to a point on the southeast edge of the Tallapoosa River; Thence along said edge S43 °24′16′′W, 618.01 feet; Thence leaving said edge S39 °49′22′′E, 150.00 feet to a point on an existing fence line; Thence along said fence line S26 °17′56′′E, 374.05 feet; Thence continue along said fence line S39°39′24′′E, 198.60 feet; Thence continue along said fence line S17 °38′01′′E, 386.15 feet to the Point of Beginning. All lying in the E 1/2 Section 27, T-17-N, R 19 E, Montgomery County, Alabama, and containing 12.86 acres more or less. (c) A
PPLICATION .—This Act shall apply to all claims, including claims challenging the validity of title or the effectiveness of any action of the Secretary acquiring and taking land described in subsection (b) into trust, that are pending on the date of enactment of this Act, or that are filed on or after that date. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Montana (Mr. G
IANFORTE ) and the gen-tlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. H
ANABUSA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Montana. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Montana? There was no objection. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. H.R. 1532, sponsored by the gen-tleman from Alabama (Mr. B
YRNE ), would ratify the trust status of lands the Secretary of the Interior currently holds for the benefit of the Poarch Band of Creek Indians of Alabama. The lands are located in the State of Ala-bama, with the exception of 1 acre of land in the State of Florida. The Tribe’s trust lands are used for a variety of Tribal purposes, including the operation of casinos authorized under the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act, a health clinic, an assisted living facility, and other facilities and devel-opment serving the needs of the Tribe and the local communities. H.R. 1532 applies only to specific tracts of land taken in trust prior to a 2009 ruling by the Supreme Court, a ruling whose significance I will de-scribe in a moment. Lands held in trust by the Secretary of the Interior have a unique political status. The lands are regulated by Tribes and the Federal Government pursuant to a variety of statutes that restrict their alienation, and protect them from taxation and from State civil and criminal jurisdiction. In addition, gaming may not be con-ducted by a Tribe under the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act of 1988 unless the casino is located on trust or res-ervation lands. H.R. 1532 is necessary because there is a cloud of uncertainty over the title of the Poarch Band’s existing trust lands. The Poarch Band obtained for-mal Federal recognition in 1984 and lands for the benefit of the Tribe were taken by the Secretary of the Interior in trust pursuant to the Indian Reorga-nization Act of 1934, or the IRA. In a 2009 Supreme Court opinion com-monly called Carcieri, the Court held that the Secretary may not use the IRA to acquire land in trust for a Tribe unless the Tribe was under Federal ju-risdiction when the IRA was enacted in 1934. While the Poarch Band was not a party to the case, the effect of the Su-preme Court case calls into question the lawfulness of the Secretary’s acqui-sition of the Tribe’s lands because the Tribe was federally recognized 50 years after the IRA. H.R. 1532 would clear up any question over the validity of the Secretary’s ac-tion to take the Tribe’s existing lands into trust. It will create a needed cer-tainty for the Tribe to use it for a vari-ety of uses that might otherwise be prohibited were the lands to fall under State jurisdiction. Because the bill ratifies the trust status for lands acquired by the Sec-retary prior to 2009, there is no concern that we are ratifying any action taken by the Secretary that might violate the IRA, as defined by the Supreme Court. There is precedent for this legisla-tion. In 2013, Congress enacted legisla-tion to ratify the trust status of lands for the Gun Lake Tribe in Michigan, a Tribe that was recognized in recent years, like the Poarch Band. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the Poarch Band of Creek Indians is the only federally rec-ognized Tribe in Alabama. The Tribe was administratively recognized by the Bureau of Indian Affairs in 1984 and, thereafter, acquired trust land in both Alabama and Florida. However, like other Tribes recog-nized post-1924, the status of Poarch Band’s trust lands have been under legal attack due to the ramifications of the 2009 Supreme Court Carcieri deci-sion. The Tribe currently maintains sev-eral facilities for use of its members on its trust lands, as well as owning and operating two casinos. H.R. 1532 would simply ratify and reaffirm this trust status of the Poarch Band’s lands, pro-tecting the lands against further litiga-tion. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support adoption of this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BYRNE ). Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1532, the Poarch Band of Creek Indians Land Reaffirmation Act, is a commonsense, bipartisan bill that will provide much- needed certainty to an Indian Tribe in my district. The Poarch Creek Indians are a val-ued and trusted part of our community in southwest Alabama. Their economic impact in Escambia County, Alabama, speaks for itself. From their help with funding for community projects to their business enterprises that employ thousands of Alabamians, the Poarch help make life better for so many peo-ple in our area. This legislation is necessary due to the legal uncertainty caused by the Su-preme Court decision in Carcieri v. Salazar. This decision has unneces-sarily created legal ambiguity about whether the Poarch Creek land is actu-ally in trust or not. To be clear: this legislation would not have any change over the way the Poarch Band or their land are cur-rently being treated in Alabama. In fact, this legislation simply provides legal certainty to help prevent future challenges regarding the status of the Tribe’s land. I am pleased we were able to attract bipartisan support for the legislation, including a unanimous vote out of the Natural Resources Committee last year. I also want to extend my grati-tude to Chairman B
ISHOP , Ranking Member G
RIJALVA , and the committee staff for their commitment to Indian issues and their work on this legisla-tion. Ultimately, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this common-sense, straightforward legislation to give much-needed legal certainty to the Poarch Band of Creek Indians. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I just would like to ask all of my colleagues to support H.R. 1532, the Poarch Band of Creek Indians Land Re-affirmation Act. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. b1730 Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. G
AETZ ). Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Montana (Mr. G
IANFORTE ) for yielding me time, and I thank the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. B
YRNE ) for his leadership on this issue. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Poarch Band of Creek Indians Land Re-affirmation Act and encourage my col-leagues to do the same. The Poarch Creek have been in Ala-bama and northwest Florida since the War of 1812, but they were only recog-nized federally in 1984. Soon afterward, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00219 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.010 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH394 January 16, 2018 
the Poarch Creek obtained land in both Florida and Alabama, land that was held in trust. The Poarch Creek contribute greatly to the Florida and Alabama region. Their unique history forms a vital part of our culture, and their businesses strengthen our region’s economy and create jobs. They give back to our com-munity from museums to scholarships to services for the elderly and students and much more. But if lands currently in trust lost their status, the Tribal economy could be shattered, businesses could close, in-comes could plummet, and we would have robbed our Nation of a great part of its cultural heritage, all in the name of a confusing legal decision. This good bill reaffirms the trust sta-tus of the Poarch Creek land. It is fair, just, and important, and I encourage my colleagues to support it. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Montana (Mr. G
IANFORTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1532. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
AUTHORIZING COOPERATIVE MAN-AGEMENT AGREEMENTS BE-TWEEN DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA AND NATIONAL PARK SERVICE Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2897) to authorize the Mayor of the District of Columbia and the Di-rector of the National Park Service to enter into cooperative management agreements for the operation, mainte-nance, and management of units of the National Park System in the District of Columbia, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2897 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. AUTHORIZING COOPERATIVE MAN-AGEMENT AGREEMENTS BETWEEN DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA AND NA-TIONAL PARK SERVICE FOR OPER-ATION, MAINTENANCE, AND MAN-AGEMENT OF UNITS OF THE NA-TIONAL PARK SYSTEM IN THE DIS-TRICT OF COLUMBIA. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—The Mayor of the Dis-trict of Columbia and the Director of the Na-tional Park Service may enter into coopera-tive management agreements under section 101703 of title 54, United States Code, for the operation, maintenance, and management of units of the National Park System located in the District of Columbia, including the de-sign and construction of improvements to such units. (b) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS .—A cooperative management agreement entered into under this section may include such terms and con-ditions as may be agreed to by the Mayor and Director, including terms and conditions relating to— (1) the allocation of responsibility for the operation, maintenance, and management of a unit of the National Park System between the District of Columbia and the National Park Service; and (2) the payment of funds by the National Park Service and the District of Columbia in support of the agreement. (c) RELATION TO OTHER LAWS.— (1) T
REATMENT OF DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA AS  
A STATE FOR PURPOSES OF COOPERATIVE MAN -
AGEMENT AGREEMENTS UNDER TITLE 54 .—Sec- tion 101703 of title 54, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) D
EFINITION OF STATE .—For the pur-poses of this section, the term ‘State’ means each of the several States and the District of Columbia.’’. (2) A
NTI-DEFICIENCY ACT .—Nothing in sub-chapter III of chapter 13 or subchapter II of chapter 15 of title 31, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Anti-Deficiency Act’’) may be construed to prohibit the pay-ment or use of funds by the District of Co-lumbia or the National Park Service to carry out a cooperative management agreement entered into under this Act, in accordance with the terms and conditions of the agree-ment. (3) D
ISTRICT OF COLUMBIA HOME RULE ACT .— Nothing in section 602(a)(3) of the District of Columbia Home Rule Act (sec. 1–206.03(a)(3), D.C. Official Code) may be construed to pro-hibit the District of Columbia from oper-ating, maintaining, or managing a unit of the National Park System in accordance with the terms and conditions of a coopera-tive management agreement entered into under this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Montana (Mr. G
IANFORTE ) and the gen-tlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. H
ANABUSA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Montana. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Montana? There was no objection. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2897, introduced by Congresswoman E
LEANOR HOLMES NOR-
TON of the District of Columbia, au-thorizes the District of Columbia to es-tablish cooperative management agree-ments with the National Park Service to operate, manage, and maintain Na-tional Park Service properties within the city limits. As of 2015, 21.7 percent of the Dis-trict’s total surface area, over 8,000 acres in all, was owned and managed by the National Park Service. This area includes 23 distinct units of the Na-tional Park System, the National Mall, and many of the small urban green spaces spread throughout the city. A significant portion of this land is in disrepair. The District ranks second in the National Park Service’s deferred maintenance, with an estimated total deferred maintenance of approximately $1.2 billion. H.R. 2897 authorizes the District of Columbia to enter into cooperative management agreements with the Na-tional Park Service for the operation and maintenance of units around the city. This bill is a component to a major restorative initiative headed by the Mayor’s office and sponsored by local nonprofits, and conversations are al-ready underway between the District and the National Park Service for the improvement and repair of Franklin Park. The city has set aside nearly $14 mil-lion for the restoration of the park, and local public and private partner-ships will provide yearly maintenance and upkeep. Mr. Speaker, this is a good bill for both the citizens of the District and the citizens of our great country. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 2897 authorizes the District of Columbia and the National Park Serv-ice to enter into cooperative manage-ment agreements for the operation, maintenance, and management of the National Park System units in the Dis-trict of Columbia. Cooperative management agreements are effective tools used throughout the National Park System that lead to cre-ative partnerships that enhance pro-gramming and management capacity. As we will hear from Delegate ELEA-
NOR HOLMES NORTON , the District of Columbia and the National Park Serv-ice have worked out an agreement to update Franklin Square that will revi-talize an area in an important quad-rant of downtown. This bill simply pro-vides the city with authority to exe-cute the agreement. In addition to Franklin Square, H.R. 2897 has the potential to foster co-operation that will enhance many of the small urban parks found through-out our Nation’s capital. Mr. Speaker, this is a win/win, and I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ). Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank both of my friends for their work on this bill, and I want to thank Natural Resources Committee Chair-man R
OBBISHOP , who is a cosponsor of this bill, for his support and leadership of this legislation, as well as Ranking Member R
AU´LGRIJALVA , who has also supported our efforts. I also want to thank Oversight and Government Reform Chair T
REY G
OWDY and Ranking Member E LIJAH  C
UMMINGS for their support and for moving this bipartisan legislation through their committee as well. So you see, we have gone through two committees, Mr. Speaker. Mr. Speaker, I am particularly pleased and grateful to Senator L
ISA 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00220 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JA7.028 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H395 January 16, 2018 
MURKOWSKI , chair of the Senate Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Re-sources, which has jurisdiction over the bill, who has introduced the Senate companion of this bill. Our bill is noncontroversial, as you have heard, Mr. Speaker. It would only clarify that the District of Columbia has the authority to enter into cooper-ative management agreements, called CMAs, to maintain and invest in Na-tional Park Service properties in the city. There are many such properties, we are grateful to say, in the District of Columbia. NPS already has the authority to enter into these agreements with States, and I believe with the District of Columbia, but the better part of valor was to make sure that that was understood. Our bill would simply provide the District with the same opportunity to work collaboratively with the NPS as States and cities already do. NPS is the steward of many of the country’s most beautiful natural won-ders, but they are uniquely responsible for most of the small urban parks in the District’s neighborhoods, as well. Given NPS’ limited budget and re-sources, we should encourage local ju-risdictions to work with NPS to make sure that our national parks are prop-erly cared for in the way this bill incentivizes. The city already has plans to enter into a CMA with the National Park Service to assume operational jurisdic-tion of Franklin Park. This park is lo-cated in downtown D.C., right in the center of town, but it has seen better days. The city plans to work with the Downtown Business Improvement Dis-trict to transform the park to its former glory by ensuring regular main-tenance and providing amenities such as food, gardens, and other services. As the city’s downtown core has grown to include more housing, busi-nesses, and workers, the need for green space also has grown. The city’s plans for Franklin Park are a model of what can be done when local jurisdictions get creative about protecting and improving the Nation’s parks. Mr. Speaker, I hope Members are taking this bill as a model for what can be done if they have parks. Perhaps the park for this bill would not be as easily patterned. But there are many small parks that are near local businesses. Local businesses do not thrive when green space is in poor condition, so we did not find it difficult to get the busi-ness community around this park to partner with the District of Columbia to bring it up to what a park should look like in the center of the city. The National Park Service has a backlog that has been described by my friend on the other side, so we cannot expect the Park Service, even if it had the most robust funding appropriation here, to get to many of our parks very soon. What works here can work through-out the United States. My bill is, of course, a win for my city, but it is also a win for the Federal Government, and it is a win for the more than 30 million visitors who visit the District of Co-lumbia every day because it is our Na-tion’s capital, and, of course, it is a win for the surrounding jurisdictions be-cause this park is so centrally located in this region. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend from Hawaii (Ms. H
ANABUSA ) for yield-ing time to me. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I am closing by asking that our colleagues support this great bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I also urge adoption, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Montana (Mr. G
IANFORTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2897. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 41 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. M
ARSHALL ) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on questions previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: The motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 4318; The motion to suspend the rules and pass S. 117; and Agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. 
f 
MISCELLANEOUS TARIFF BILL ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4318) to amend the Har-monized Tariff Schedule of the United States to modify temporarily certain rates of duty, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. BISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 402, nays 0, not voting 28, as follows: 
[Roll No. 18] YEAS—402 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00221 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JA7.031 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH396 January 16, 2018 
Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—28 
Brady (TX) Butterfield Cuellar Culberson Cummings Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hunter Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Kind Noem Peterson Poe (TX) Renacci Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Ryan (OH) Scalise Schneider Stefanik Titus Tsongas Vela Webster (FL) Wilson (FL) Young (AK) 
b1835 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ALEX DIEKMANN PEAK DESIGNATION ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 117) to designate a mountain peak in the State of Montana as ‘‘Alex Diekmann Peak’’, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 400, nays 3, not voting 27, as follows: 
[Roll No. 19] YEAS—400 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—3 
Amash Biggs Massie 
NOT VOTING—27 
Brady (TX) Butterfield Cuellar Culberson Cummings Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hunter Issa Johnson (LA) Kind McCaul Noem Peterson Poe (TX) Renacci Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Scalise Schneider Stefanik Titus Tsongas Vela Webster (FL) Wilson (FL) Young (AK) 
b1902 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, due to inclement weather, I was unavoidably pre-vented from voting on today’s legislation. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 18 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 19. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00222 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.012 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H397 January 16, 2018 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3326, WORLD BANK AC-COUNTABILITY ACT OF 2017, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2954, HOME MORTGAGE DISCLOSURE ADJUSTMENT ACT Mr. BUCK, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–518) on the resolution (H. Res. 693) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3326) to increase account-ability, combat corruption, and strengthen management effectiveness at the World Bank, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2954) to amend the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act of 1975 to specify which depository institutions are subject to the mainte-nance of records and disclosure require-ments of such Act, and for other pur-poses, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4712, BORN-ALIVE ABORTION SURVIVORS PROTECTION ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR PRO-CEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM JANUARY 22, 2018, THROUGH JANUARY 26, 2018 Mr. BUCK, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–519) on the resolution (H. Res. 694) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4712) to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit a health care practitioner from failing to exercise the proper degree of care in the case of a child who survives an abortion or attempted abortion, and providing for proceedings during the period from January 22, 2018, through January 26, 2018, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
RESIGNATIONS AS MEMBER OF COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE, SPACE, AND TECHNOLOGY AND COM-MITTEE ON NATURAL RE-SOURCES The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following resigna-tions as a member of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology and the Committee on Natural Resources: 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, January 16, 2018. Hon. S
PEAKER OF THE HOUSE , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN: Due to my election to the Committee on Ways and Means, this letter is to inform you that I am resigning my seats on the House Science, Space and Technology Committee and the House Nat-ural Resources Committee. Sincerely, D
ARIN LAHOOD, Member of Congress. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the resignations are accept-ed. There was no objection. f 
ELECTING MEMBERS TO CERTAIN STANDING COMMITTEES OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, by direction of the House Repub-lican Conference, I send to the desk a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 695 Resolved, That the following named Mem-ber be, and is hereby, elected to the fol-lowing standing committee of the House of Representatives: C
OMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS : Mr. LaHood. 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be consid-ered as read. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PERMISSION FOR MEMBER TO BE CONSIDERED AS FIRST SPONSOR OF H.R. 1661 Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that I may hereafter be considered to be the first sponsor of H.R. 1661, a bill originally introduced by Representative T
IBERI of Ohio, for the purposes of adding co-sponsors and requesting reprintings pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. 
f 
PERMISSION FOR MEMBER TO BE CONSIDERED AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 756 Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that my name be added as a cosponsor of H.R. 756, a bill introduced by Mr. Chaffetz. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBER TO THE JAPAN-UNITED STATES FRIENDSHIP COMMISSION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2903, and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, of the following Member on the part of the House to the Japan-United States Friendship Commission: Mr. H
ILL, Arkansas 
f 
RELIGIOUS FREEDOM DAY (Mr. HILL asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on Religious Freedom Day, to recog-nize the importance of religious free-dom throughout the world and to cele-brate the 232nd anniversary of the pass-ing of the Virginia Statute for Reli-gious Freedom. As a Catholic, my faith plays a sig-nificant role in every aspect of life and fosters a respect for the religious rights and freedoms of others. Fundamental American values, among which are commitments to reli-gious freedom and human rights, will always be cornerstones of both U.S. do-mestic and foreign policy. Written by Thomas Jefferson, the Virginia Statute for Religious Freedom is the forerunner of the First Amend-ment protection for religious freedom and the principle of separation of church and state. As a member of the Religious Minori-ties in the Middle East Caucus, I will continue to advocate for the rights of individuals to express their feelings without living in fear of violence and persecution. f 
NATIONAL MENTORING MONTH (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in honor of National Mentoring Month and in recognition of the great con-tributions that mentors make to young people and to communities across the country. Every young person deserves and needs a mentor, someone with experi-ence and perspective to help them overcome challenges and navigate un-certainties. I would not be here today without the guidance that I received from my mentors, including Supreme Court Justice and former Mayor Frank Flaherty, former Mayor Joe Walsh, the late State Senator Eleanor Slater, and the late Senator Claiborne Pell. Mentorships like these can be life- changing, and I applaud organizations like MENTOR Rhode Island, which pairs mentors with at-risk youth. Vul-nerable young people with mentors are more likely to maintain better attend-ance and positive attitudes toward school, and they are 55 percent more likely to go to college than their peers. Mr. Speaker, it is with deep apprecia-tion for my mentors and the power of mentoring that I recognize January as National Mentoring Month. 
f 
RELIGIOUS FREEDOM DAY (Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Mar 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00223 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\JANUARY\H16JA8.REC H16JA8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH398 January 16, 2018 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, today we celebrate 25 years of observing Reli-gious Freedom Day. On this day, more than 200 years ago, our forefathers in the Virginia General Assembly sought to practice their re-spective religions freely, so they passed a State law which secured our ability to exercise our faith freely today. The context of this initial law formed the inspiration for the First Amendment to the United States Constitution. Our country holds among its most fundamental freedoms the right to practice freely one’s religion and asso-ciate with others who share those same beliefs. As we know from experience, freedom is not without cost and it is not free. It must be protected and nourished, and our communities of faith, in particular, need to be safeguarded from govern-ment encroachment and intrusion. It is with this in mind, Mr. Speaker, that I will continue to work with my colleagues to defend our First Amend-ment and our communities of faith on Religious Freedom Day and every day. 
f 
b1915 IT IS TIME WE SHOW OUR NATIONAL CHARACTER (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speak-er, since the Trump administration an-nounced the end of the DACA program in September, more than 16,000 people have already lost their protection from deportation and their ability to work. Each day we fail to act to protect DREAMers, 122 more people lose those protections and the ability to con-tribute to their country in the same way they have for as long as they have lived here. These DREAMers teach our children, care for our loved ones, start busi-nesses, strengthen our communities, defend our Nation, and believe that our country, their country, will see them for the Americans they are. One of our country’s proudest DREAMers, Jose Antonio Vargas, once said: 
Citizenship to me is more than a piece of paper. Citizenship is also about character. I am an American. We are just waiting for our country to recognize it. 
Jose is right. It is high time our country recognizes the DREAMers for the Americans they really are. It is time we show our national character. 
f 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING AWARENESS MONTH (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, as we observe Human Trafficking Aware-ness Month, I would like to recognize organizations in my home district of Miami that are working to put an end to this modern day slavery. As a tourist destination and a gate-way to the Americas, south Florida is a preferred spot for criminals to com-mit these types of outrageous human rights violations. But thanks to orga-nizations like Kristi House and The Women’s Fund of Miami-Dade, there is a critical campaign afoot to bring pub-lic awareness and to stop this terrible scourge. St. Thomas University has created the Human Trafficking Academy, which offers training and technical as-sistance to law enforcement, lawyers, and the general public. Resources like the Human Traf-ficking Miami Hotline, led by our es-teemed Miami-Dade State attorney’s office, serves victims and survivors of human trafficking by encouraging calls to 305–350–5567. We are also blessed to have devoted law enforcement officers who are com-mitted to a zero tolerance campaign to protect victims, to prosecute and dis-mantle traffickers. As you can see, Mr. Speaker, south Florida is dedicated to fighting this crime. A future free of human traf-ficking is out there, and I urge every American to make that a reality. f 
TAKING ISSUE WITH THE COMMENTS OF THE PRESIDENT (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as an American, I certainly celebrate reli-gious freedom and acknowledge the im-portance of freedom of religion and speech and the ability to have access to a free press. Sadly, I rise to take issue with the comments said by the Commander in Chief, well documented by Senator D
URBIN and the Senator from South Carolina, L
INDSEY GRAHAM , who deli-cately tried to instruct the Commander in Chief of the ugliness of his words. I will not say them on the floor, and I have not said the complete word, but over this weekend of the beloved com-munity of Dr. Martin Luther King, ev-erywhere I went, people were appalled. I believe that it is crucial that we pass the Dream Act and that we speak to the racism of this President through 1973, 1980, 1988, and 1989. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
AST). Members are reminded to re-frain from engaging in personalities to-ward the President. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF MR. BILLY LEE (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to remember the life of Mr. Billy Lee, who passed away on De-cember 21 at the age of 85. Mr. Lee owned McDonough’s, the old-est Irish pub in Savannah; and the up-stairs restaurant, Billy’s Place. Mr. Lee and McDonough’s are iconic in Sa-vannah. McDonough’s has been voted the best karaoke in town for 8 straight years and is an immensely popular wa-tering hole for all Savannahians. Mr. Lee never met a stranger in McDonough’s and he had an extremely sharp memory for its patrons. His kindness is fondly remembered by all who frequented McDonough’s, includ-ing times when he purchased blankets for the homeless, allowed folks to use his business for charity events, and opened his building for Hurricane Irma evacuees from Florida. Mr. Lee has commented on his res-taurant and bar: That’s the story of what we do here. We help people. Mr. Lee’s kind spirit will be missed in Savannah, and I hope that people will continue to learn from his example for years to come. f 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE FIRST VOTE CAST BY A WOMAN IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 100th anniver-sary of the first vote cast by a woman in the State of New York. 100 years ago, the residents of Lisle, New York, and Broome County held a special elec-tion to decide if liquor could be served in the town of Lisle. This was the first vote held in the State of New York after women had just recently gained the right to vote just 2 months prior, thanks to the efforts of other famous New Yorkers who are memorialized in our historic Capitol rotunda: Susan B. Anthony, Elizabeth Cady Stanton, and Lucretia Mott. On January 25, 1918, shortly after 6 a.m., right before the polls opened, on a cold, snowy day in the southern tier, the Ladies of Lisle lined up outside to cast their first vote. When the doors opened, a woman named Florence B. Chauncey was the first to step forward and place her ballot in the box at the Lisle Village Hall. This year, on January 5, a historic marker was unveiled at the old Lisle Village Hall to commemorate this mo-mentous occasion. This extraordinary act will now be memorialized forever on the Main Street in Lisle. 
f 
OUR RELIGIOUS FREEDOM IS UNDER ASSAULT (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, it is im-portant to point out that religious freedom is indeed a cornerstone of the founding and the fiber of the United States. What started out in the Vir-ginia General Assembly on this date in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00224 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JA7.040 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H399 January 16, 2018 
1786, which grew into the First Amend-ment in our Constitution and other Bill of Rights, that freedom is under assault. Courts, time and again, try to strike down the ability for people to peace-ably assemble, peaceably speak their religious views, whether it is on a foot-ball field after a game or even extend-ing so much to people objecting to what they are going to do in their bak-ery with what kind of products they are going to put out. We have folks that seem to think that religion is some kind of a plague in this country. Yes, maybe it is an inconvenience if your neighbor worships in a way that is different from you; but that is some-thing that we have always, in the term ‘‘tolerance,’’ worked to get along with. Indeed, this House Chamber, every day, opens with an invocation; and right above the podium here, it says: ‘‘In God we trust.’’ Are we going to trust ourselves as a nation to allow each other to worship freely? Or are we going to have an op-pressive shutdown of that by out-of- control courts? We need to hold on to religious free-dom. 
f 
HONORING FORMER CONGRESS-MAN AND CINCINNATI MAYOR TOM LUKEN (Mr. CHABOT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I rise this evening to honor former Congressman and Cincinnati Mayor Tom Luken, who passed away last week at the age of 92. Tom Luken was a Democratic stal-wart and something of a local political legend representing the people of Cin-cinnati for 15 years in this body. I learned firsthand just how tough a politician he was when I ran against Tom in 1988. He won. But I also learned a great deal about Tom Luken, the man, during that race. He was a dedi-cated public servant who always fo-cused on the needs of the people he rep-resented. He was a devoted husband, fa-ther, grandfather, and great-grand-father. As many probably know, his son Charlie was also Cincinnati mayor and also served in this body for a term. Mr. Speaker, even though we were from different political parties and dis-agreed on a lot of issues, I have always respected Tom for his commitment and dedication to our community and to our Nation. I hope that his wife, Shir-ley, and his entire family know just how much Tom Luken will be missed. 
f 
A BETTER DEAL FOR AMERICA The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, with all the things that are happening in Washington, it is pretty easy to feel concerned and to lose faith in what it is that we are doing here. It is lan-guage, questions of racism, questions of tax policy, winners, losers. Mr. Speaker, I decided today to be optimistic, to be upbeat, and to say: Hey, there really are things that we can do if we just put our minds to it and begin to work together. Before I start these sessions on the floor, I always like to ground myself in what is it that I would like, and that I would like my colleagues, to accom-plish. I always turn to Franklin Delano Roosevelt, who brought us through the Great Depression and the Great War. Etched in the marble at his memorial here in Washington, D.C., are these words: ‘‘The test of our progress is not whether we add more to the abundance of those who have much . . . .’’ I probably ought to repeat that. ‘‘The test of our progress is not whether we add more to the abundance of those who have much; it is whether we provide enough for those who have too little.’’ I always want to start with that be-cause it grounds me as I look at the multiple opportunities we have here to do just this: add more to those who have much. For example, the tax bill that passed just before Christmas and was signed into law clearly does more for those who have much. Well over 80 percent of the $1.5 trillion—actually, far more than that—that were involved in the tax giveaway went to the superwealthy and America’s major corporations. But I said I was going to be positive and I didn’t want to drag all of us down further in that tax scam, but what I really want to talk about is what we can do to add for those who have too little. So let me start with that. My Democratic colleagues and I have been talking for the better part of 6 months now about a better deal for America, things that we can do to im-prove the lot of everyday Americans so we can provide enough for those who have too little. We all know that mid-dle class America has stalled out over the last 20 years. So we set up a series of policies, programs, and legislation to improve the situation for working men and women of America, for those who clearly have too little and those who are struggling every day to meet their mortgage, keep their kids in school. So it is really about investing in America and making it in America, a series of programs and policies. I am not going to talk about all of those tonight, but I want to focus on this one: making it in America and in-vesting in America. Before I go on to explain more about it, the rest of the program, really, is this: better jobs, better wages, and a better future. So when we talk as Democrats about a better deal, a better deal for Amer-ica, we are really talking about these three fundamental things: better jobs, better wages, and, therefore, a better future for Americans. b1930 There are many different ways that this can be done. One of the principal ones is this: those of you who follow this—and I suspect there are very few of you—but if you have been following these floor sessions that I and others have been doing for the last, in this case, 6 years, we developed this little placard: ‘‘Make It In America. Manu-facturing Matters.’’ It is pretty funda-mental. Over the years, we have looked at the hollowing out of the great manufac-turing centers of America. Some people like to say it is the Rust Belt. Well, the Rust Belt is coming back, and it can come back, roaring back, if we pay at-tention to the policies that create manufacturing opportunities. The President has talked about this, but, unfortunately, the policies that actually have emanated from the ad-ministration, in many cases, harm the manufacturing sectors—I am the rank-ing member of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Sub-committee—maritime, ocean, inland waterways, the great Mississippi, the Ohio River system, the Great Lakes of America; and, of course, the coasts; the harbors, New York Harbor; Charleston; the harbors in Florida and across the Gulf Coast; in California, the great har-bors of San Diego, Los Angeles, Long Beach, and the San Francisco Bay Area; and further North, Oregon and up into Washington. These maritime opportunities are enormous. And, unfortunately, we, far too often, ignore those opportunities. And so on the Coast Guard and Mari-time Transportation Subcommittee of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, we are trying to focus on ways in which we can actually rebuild the great American maritime industry. If you go back in the history of this Nation, back to its very earliest days, in the early policies of George Wash-ington and Alexander Hamilton, they set out policies to encourage the mari-time industry. By the way, for those of you who really want to know where the first inheritance tax came into being, it was John Adams. He actually put the inheritance tax in place to build a frig-ate for the U.S. Navy. So it goes way, way back. That takes me back to tax policy, and I said I wouldn’t deal with that too much, but it is hard to ignore the fact that it was a very bad tax bill for the working men and women. One of the reasons it was a bad tax bill is that we need to build our infrastructure. There is going to be a lot of talk here in the next several weeks about the Presi-dent’s infrastructure plan—$1 trillion infrastructure plan. Good idea. Let’s do it. What was that movie? That famous line? ‘‘Show me the money.’’ It dis-appeared. It disappeared in that tax bill. Where did it go? It went to the superwealthy. Maybe they will build the infrastructure. I am sure the top 1 percent, the top 10 percent, would be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00225 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JA7.042 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH400 January 16, 2018 
happy to build a road if, of course, they could charge a fee to get the people who use the road to pay that fee. But that doesn’t make much sense. I will take you back to Alexander Hamilton and George Washington. They put into America’s public policy, in the very first Presidency, a road- building policy, and it has, more or less, been with us over the years where the public pays for this in fees and services. But the money disappeared. It is gone. It is gone in the tax cut. It is not there. $200 billion will be discussed over the next several weeks. Where are you going to get $200 bil-lion in this year’s budget? More than $150 billion disappeared now in the tax scam. So maybe they can find it some-where. The military wants another $50 billion, and, of course, there are healthcare services, and there is a need for education and so forth. So here is what we can do without going into the budget bill, without try-ing to find new money, but, rather, to use a public policy that was first enun-ciated and written into law when the Arctic opened. Do you remember the North Slope of Alaska back in the 1960s, when the U.S. Government de-cided to allow oil drilling on the North Slope of Alaska? It was written into that law that allowed for the pipeline to be built from the North Slope down to Valdez in southern Alaska, that all of the oil that would come through that pipeline would have to be on American-built ships with American sailors. And guess what? Ships were built, mariners were hired, and oil was put on those tankers and shipped into the American ports. Later, that oil was shipped offshore to Japan. And over the years, the petroleum industry was able to whittle away at that requirement of American ships built in America with American mariners. And so today, there is no requirement that any oil developed in the United States, any natural gas developed in the United States and exported, be on American- built ships. So what does it mean? It means that ships are coming into our ports to take a strategic national asset, our oil and our natural gas. It is being put on a foreign-built ship with foreign sailors, foreign mariners who come and go, who don’t pay taxes in the United States; ships that are not built in the United States with American steel, American- made engines, and all of the electronics and pumps, and all of the other equip-ment, not made in America. So here is the deal. What if we de-cided to go back to the future? What if we decided the future ought to be like the past, and this strategic national asset be used to rebuild our shipyards, to employ our mariners, to give us in the United States the ability to build commercial ships of all sizes, and, at the same time, enhance the produc-tivity of our shipyards as they build our U.S. Naval vessels and our Coast Guard vessels? What if we were to do that? Well, we would employ thousands of people in the shipyards; our steel companies op-erating, taking ore from the North, bringing it to the steel mills, manufac-turing that steel for the shipyards, the engines that go into those ships— which, by the way, are maybe about a quarter of the size of this room. I mean, huge diesel engines—and all of the other pumps and all of the other equipment, what if we were to do that? Why not? What would that mean? Well, let’s see. We could make it in America, or they could continue to be built in China, Korea, India, but not in Amer-ica. Here is the deal: all we need to do is to write a law. All we need to do is to go back and copy the law that was written in the 1960s that required that the oil from the North Slope of Alaska, coming down the pipeline to Valdez, be on American ships. That is all we have to do. And if we were to do that, wow, we would employ thousands of people in our shipyards. We would have thou-sands of men and women on those ships across the oceans delivering a strategic national asset to far places in the world, to Japan, to China, and to be-yond. It is possible. Our work here is to have a better deal for America, a better deal for Americans, policies that lead to the employment of Americans, poli-cies that help to rebuild our steel in-dustry, that bring strength back into our shipyards so that we can provide the jobs. We are not talking about minimum- wage jobs here. We are talking about jobs that are at the higher echelon of the middle wages, of middle America. We are talking about skill sets, weld-ers, pipefitters, steamfitters. We are talking about engineers who design these ships. We are talking about ma-rine architects. We are talking about the financing of these. We are talking about thousands upon thousands of jobs spread out across America, and all we need to do is to go back, visit the past, bring it forward into law, and make sure that a stra-tegic national asset is used to bring jobs to America. It would be nice if 100 percent of that oil and gas were on American-built ships, but, frankly, the American ship-yards don’t have the capacity to do it. Now and probably never would they have the capacity to build all of the ships that are necessary. Right now, at a facility in Texas, the Sabine Pass, a company called Cheniere Energy is shipping natural gas taken from the ground in the United States, brought to Texas, put on ships that are taking that natural gas all around the world— most of it going to Asia. That natural gas could also go to Eu-rope, and if we were to work out a deal with the European Union and the coun-tries in Europe, we would use that nat-ural gas as a strategic asset to put in place in those countries of Europe that now have to depend upon gas from Rus-sia. And let’s understand this. Russia is using their natural gas as a lever against the European Union and against the Europeans as we try to build our relationship with Europe. So how many ships are being used? Probably when that one export facility in Texas is up and operating at its full capacity, it will take over 100 LNG tankers to meet the demands of that one export facility. Now, it happens that there are five—maybe six, but cer-tainly five—new export facilities that are being licensed around the United States: one in Maryland, not too far from Washington; another in Oregon; and others in other parts of the coastal areas of the United States. So how many ships? We don’t know for sure. But I do know this: if, over the next 10 years, we were to require that just 15 percent—well, let’s make this over the next 20 years—that just 15 percent of the expected export of LNG were to be on American-built ships, we would, in American shipyards, build at least 25 ships. And these are not small, little tugboats. We are talking about major oceangoing LNG tankers. Now, for the crude oil, if just 10 per-cent of the crude oil were on American- built ships, by 2032, we would have 31 ships built here in America. So we are talking well over 50 ships built in the United States. To put this in context, major, deep-draft ships built in Amer-ica’s shipyards over the last 3 years, the average number of ships, deep draft—these are big ships—built in American shipyards has been in the range of 10 to 12 ships. Eight of those are for the U.S. Navy; maybe three have been for the com-mercial fleet. So we are talking about the potential for a very significant ex-pansion of work in American shipyards if we were to write just a couple of lines of law to require that, beginning in 2022, just 1 percent of the natural gas be on American-built ships. That would bring three ships in. And then they would ramp it up over time, increasing the percentage: 3 percent by 2026, 10 percent by 2034—that would be 16 ships—and 15 percent by 2040. So that would be 25 ships built in America car-rying LNG, liquified natural gas. For crude oil, let’s start at 1 percent. That would be three ships; 4 percent by 2026, 12 ships; 8 percent by 2029, 24 ships; and 10 percent by 2032, and that would be 31 ships. This is the art of the possible. What does it mean for Amer-ica? It means good middle class jobs. I will give you another example. This is a locomotive, an electric locomotive built in Sacramento. Some 70 of these locomotives were built for the rail-roads for Amtrak here in the East on the Eastern corridor. It took probably more than 1,000 jobs in Sacramento, California, to build these locomotives. One hundred percent American made. b1945 How did that happen? Do you remem-ber back in the Great Recession in 2009, Congress—Democrats, without Repub-lican support—put in place the stim-ulus bill, the American Recovery and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00226 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JA7.044 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H401 January 16, 2018 
Reinvestment Act? Some $800 million were set aside to provide locomotives for the East Coast, for the Eastern cor-ridor. Most companies said: We don’t build locomotives anymore. So General Electric and GM just waved off the possibility. But in Sac-ramento, there was this German com-pany called Siemens that was building light railcars, transit cars and the like, at a newly established plant in Sac-ramento, California. They looked at it and said: $800 mil-lion, 100 percent American made. We are a German company, but we are op-erating in America. Do you want 100 percent American-made locomotives, the wheels, the electrical engines, the electrical motors, all of the elec-tronics? That German company said: Bring it on. $800 million, they signed the con-tract, and they produced 70, 100 percent American-made locomotives. So what is the point? The point is, maybe 1,000, maybe a little less, middle class jobs in Sacramento, California, and you can bet that steel wasn’t made in California. It came from the Mid-west. You can bet that those wheels were made outside of California. The electric motors came in from the East and the Midwest. So this opportunity was spread out all across America. It is exactly the same if we were to require that our liquified natural gas, a strategic Amer-ican asset, were exported on American- built ships, and the same for the oil that comes from the Bakken up in the North and the Middle American States. All of that is the art of the possible. So we are all about doing this. We are all about making it in America. I will take a couple of seconds, and I am going to give you one more exam-ple. For those of us in northern Cali-fornia and anybody who wants to tour San Francisco and the San Francisco Bay Area, you will see a fabulous new bridge spanning the bay from Oakland to San Francisco. It is a beautiful bridge. However, it was a bridge that was built with Chinese steel. It was sup-posed to be 10 percent cheaper, so they went for the cheap, but they wound up with the crud. They wound up with steel that had weld problems and that had quality problems. It ultimately wound up to be way, way over the budget, and 3,000 jobs and a brand new, high-tech, most advanced steel manu-facturing plant perhaps in the world was built in China. No jobs in America, no new steel mill in America, but there was in China. That is what happens when you buy foreign. I guess New Yorkers were a little smarter than my California colleagues. So in New York, they wanted to build a new bridge called the Tappan Zee Bridge. They said: We are going to make it with American steel. It costs $3.9 billion, under budget, and there were 7,728 American jobs. It makes a difference. Public policy makes a difference. If you want jobs in America, then you set about to give Americans a better deal. Public policy and laws, that is our work. We are your Representatives. We ought to be representing you, not the Chinese steel mills. We ought to be representing you, not the shipbuilders in Japan or Korea. We should be rep-resenting you, the American people, the people who are working in the ship-yards of America. The children of today’s shipbuilders need an opportunity to continue the work of their fathers and their grand-fathers in America’s great shipyards. I will tell you this: our public safety, the security of America, depends upon the U.S. Navy. The U.S. Navy depends upon shipyards for their ships. The more commercial ships we build in the shipyards, the more competition there will be to build naval ships. So here it is, a better deal. This is what we Democrats are offering. We are offering a better deal. We are going to focus directly on better jobs. Tonight, we have talked about Amer-ican manufacturing. We talked about making it in America. We talked about making ships in America once again. We are talking about high-paid, middle class jobs in American manufacturing, whether it is the shipyard or whether it is where these great engines are manu-factured, wherever it may be in the United States. So better jobs, better wages from these high-quality jobs, and, therefore, a better future for America. So here, while we spend all of our time wondering what the next tweet will be from our President, I want us also to think about the art of the pos-sible, about legislation that provides Americans with a better deal. We will talk more about this in fu-ture days, but, right now, I want us all to think about what we can do for America so that we will have a better deal for the working men and women of America. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. G
ARRETT ). Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 7 o’clock and 51 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b2036 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. A
DERHOLT ) at 8 o’clock and 36 minutes p.m. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. C
UELLAR (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today on account of travel delay due to weather. Mr. VELA (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today. 
f 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 984. An Act to extend Federal recogni-tion to the Chickahominy Indian Tribe, the Chickahominy Indian Tribe—Eastern Divi-sion, the Upper Mattaponi Tribe, the Rappa-hannock Tribe, Inc., the Monacan Indian Na-tion, and the Nansemond Indian Tribe. H.R. 4641. An Act to authorize the Presi-dent to award the Medal of Honor to John L. Canley for acts of valor during the Vietnam War while a member of the Marine Corps. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 8 o’clock and 37 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, January 17, 2018, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3738. A letter from the Program Specialist (Paperwork Reduction Act), LRAD, Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting the De-partment’s joint final rule — Community Re-investment Act Regulations [Docket ID: OCC-2017-0025] (RIN: 1557-AE30) January 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 3739. A letter from the General Counsel, National Credit Union Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Emergency Mergers--Chartering and Field of Membership (RIN: 3133-AE76) received January 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 3740. A letter from the Secretary, Securi-ties and Exchange Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Treatment of Certain Communications Involving Security- Based Swaps That May Be Purchased Only By Eligible Contract Participants [Release No.: 33-10450; File No.: S7-09-14] (RIN: 3235- AL41) received January 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 3741. A letter from the Deputy Director, Regulations Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — New Animal Drugs for Investiga-tional Use; Disqualification of a Clinical In-vestigator [Docket No.: FDA-2011-N-0079] (RIN: 0910-AH64) received January 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 3742. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s withdrawal of direct final rule — Air 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00227 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JA7.046 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH402 January 16, 2018 
Plan Approval; Rhode Island; Enhanced Motor Vehicle Inspection and Maintenance Program [EPA-R01-OAR-2009-0436; A-1-FRL- 9972-87-Region 1] received January 9, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 3743. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s withdrawal of direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; NH; Approval of Record-keeping and Reporting Requirements and Single Source Order [EPA-R01-OAR-2017-0266; FRL-9972-90-Region 1] received January 9, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3744. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Phenylethyl acetate; Ex-emption from the Requirement of a Toler-ance [EPA-HQ-OPP-2015-0717; FRL-9970-03] received January 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3745. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s interim final rule — Determination to Defer Sanctions; Arizona Department of En-vironmental Quality; PM2.5 [EPA-R09-OAR- 2017-0255; FRL-9972-78-Region 9] received Jan-uary 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3746. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Oklahoma: Final Ap-proval of State Underground Storage Tank Program Revisions and Incorporation by Reference [EPA-R06-UST-2017-0504; FRL-9968- 29-Region 6] received January 2, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3747. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval of Nevada Air Plan Revisions, Washoe Oxygenated Fuels Program [EPA-R09-OAR-2017-0154; FRL-9972- 82-Region 9] received January 2, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3748. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Quality Designations for the 2010 Sulfur Dioxide (SO2) Primary National Ambient Air Quality Standard — Round 3 [EPA-HQ-OAR-2017-0003; FRL-9972- 73-OAR] received January 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 3749. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s partial removal of direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; NC; Open Burning and Miscellaneous Revisions [EPA-R04-OAR-2007- 0085; FRL-9972-85-Region 4] received January 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3750. A letter from the Associate Chief, Auctions and Spectrum Access Division, Wireless Telecommunications Bureau, Fed-eral Communications Commission, transmit-ting the Commission’s final rule — Mobility Fund Phase II Challenge Process Handsets and Access Procedures for the Challenge Process Portal [WC Docket No.: 10-90] [WT Docket No.: 10-208] received January 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 3751. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 22-228, ‘‘Ballpark Fee Forgiveness Act of 2017’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3752. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 22-229, ‘‘Homeless Services Reform Amendment Act of 2017’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3753. A letter from the Chief Financial Offi-cer, Federal Mediation and Conciliation Service, transmitting the Service’s 2017 re-port titled, ‘‘Analysis of Entity’s Systems, Controls and Legal Compliance’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3754. A letter from the Senior Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Financial Stability Oversight Council, Department of the Treas-ury, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Freedom of Information Act Regula-tions received January 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3755. A letter from the Acting Division Chief, Regulatory Affairs, Bureau of Land Management, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Oil and Gas; Hydraulic Fracturing on Fed-eral and Indian Lands; Rescission of a 2015 Rule [LLWO300000 L13100000 PP0000 18X] (RIN: 1004-AE52) received January 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 3756. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Sculpins in the Ber-ing Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area [Docket No.: 161020985-7181-02] (RIN: 0648-XF731) received January 10, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 3757. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Civil Monetary Penalty In-flation Adjustment Rule [FRL-9972-92-OECA] received January 9, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 3758. A letter from the Deputy Chief Finan-cial Officer and Director for Financial Man-agement, Office of CFO and Assistant Sec-retary for Administration, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Civil Monetary Penalty Adjust-ments for Inflation [Docket No.: 171219999- 7999-01] (RIN: 0605-AA48) received January 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 3759. A letter from the Secretary, Securi-ties and Exchange Commission, transmitting the Commission’s notice — Adjustments to Civil Monetary Penalty Amounts [Release Nos.: 33-10451; 34-82455; IA-4842; IC-32963] re-ceived January 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 3760. A letter from the Attorney Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary interim rule — Drawbridge Oper-ation Regulation; Jamaica Bay, Queens, NY [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0595] (RIN: 1625- AA09) received January 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3761. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Drawbridge Operation Regula-tion; Upper Mississippi River, IA [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0561] (RIN: 1625-AA09) re-ceived January 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 3762. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Dela-ware River, Pipeline Removal, Marcus Hook, PA [Docket No.: USCG-2017-1053] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received January 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3763. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Dela-ware River, Marcus Hook, NJ [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0935] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received January 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 3764. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone, Savan-nah River, Savannah, GA [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0977] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received January 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 3765. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Mamala Bay, Oahu, HI [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0982] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received January 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 3766. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s in-terim final rule — Safety Zone; Sector Key West COTP Zone Post Storm Recovery, At-lantic Ocean, FL [Docket No.: USCG-2017- 1067] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received January 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 3767. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s in-terim final rule — Safety Zones; Humboldt Bay Bar, Eureka, CA, Noyo River Entrance, Ft. Bragg, CA, and Crescent City Harbor En-trance Channel, Crescent City, CA [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0042] (RIN: 1625-AA00) re-ceived January 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 3768. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Special Local Regulation; Gulf of Mexico; Englewood, FL [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0598] (RIN: 1625-AA08) received January 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00228 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L16JA7.000 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H403 January 16, 2018 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 3769. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Special Local Regulation; Mav-ericks Surf Competition, Half Moon Bay, CA [Docket No.: USCG-2015-0427] (RIN: 1625- AA08) received January 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. S. 117. An Act to designate a mountain peak in the State of Montana as ‘‘Alex Diekmann Peak’’ (Rept. 115–516). Re-ferred to the House Calendar. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 4279. A bill to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to re-vise any rules necessary to enable closed-end companies to use the securities offering and proxy rules that are available to other issuers of securities; with an amendment (Rept. 115–517). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BUCK: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 693. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 3326) to increase accountability, combat corruption, and strengthen management effectiveness at the World Bank, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2954) to amend the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act of 1975 to specify which depository institutions are subject to the maintenance of records and disclosure requirements of such Act, and for other pur-poses (Rept. 115–518). Referred to the House Calendar. Ms. CHENEY: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 694. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 4712) to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit a health care practitioner from failing to exer-cise the proper degree of care in the case of a child who survives an abortion or at-tempted abortion, and providing for pro-ceedings during the period from January 22, 2018, through January 26, 2018 (Rept. 115–519). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
TIME LIMITATION OF REFERRED BILL Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XII, the following action was taken by the Speaker: 
[Omitted from the Record of January 10, 2018] H.R. 2823. Referral to the Committee on Ways and Means extended for a period ending not later than February 2, 2018. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. NORMAN: H.R. 4793. A bill to make continuing appro-priations for military pay in the event of a shutdown of the Federal Government; to the Committee on Appropriations. By Mrs. NOEM: H.R. 4794. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to permit unborn children to be account beneficiaries of section 529 education savings accounts; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California: H.R. 4795. A bill to amend the Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act of 2012 to promote communications facilities deploy-ment on Federal property, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. HURD (for himself, Mr. AGUILAR , Mr. U PTON , Ms. R OS- L
EHTINEN , Mr. D ENT, Mr. A MODEI , Mr. B
ARTON , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. F
ASO, Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. K
ATKO , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mrs. L
OVE, Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Mr. N
EWHOUSE , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. S HU-
STER , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. K
INGof New York, Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. R
EICHERT , Mr. F LORES , Mr. B
ACON , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. W
ELCH , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Ms. M ICHELLE  L
UJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Mr. C RIST, Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Ms. S INEMA , Ms. R OSEN , Mr. R
UIZ, Mr. C UELLAR , Ms. E DDIE B
ERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. J UDY C
HUof California, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. S
CHNEIDER , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. G
OTTHEIMER , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. H
IMES, Mr. P OLIS, Mr. R ICHMOND , Miss R
ICEof New York, and Ms. D
ELBENE): H.R. 4796. A bill to provide relief from re-moval and adjustment of status of certain individuals who are long-term United States residents and who entered the United States before reaching the age of 18, improve border security, foster United States engagement in Central America, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addi-tion to the Committees on Homeland Secu-rity, Education and the Workforce, Energy and Commerce, and Foreign Affairs, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. BIGGS (for himself and Mr. G
OSAR ): H.R. 4797. A bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to prohibit the extension or es-tablishment of national monuments in Ari-zona except by express authorization of Con-gress, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. By Mr. COLLINS of New York: H.R. 4798. A bill to provide for an inventory of Federal assets on which a communications facility could be constructed or that could otherwise be made available for use in con-nection with the construction or operation of a communications facility or provision of communications service; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. CRAMER: H.R. 4799. A bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to determine improvements in the filing process for the excise tax on the use of heavy highway motor vehicles; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. ESHOO (for herself and Mr. M
CKINLEY ): H.R. 4800. A bill to amend title 23, United States Code, to provide for the inclusion of broadband conduit installation in certain highway construction projects, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. By Mr. GOTTHEIMER (for himself and Mr. KINGof New York): H.R. 4801. A bill to require the Secretary of Transportation to appoint a representative from the Department of Transportation to the board of trustees of the Gateway Pro-gram Development Corporation; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. By Mr. KINZINGER: H.R. 4802. A bill to track applications to lo-cate or modify communications facilities on Federal real property, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committees on Oversight and Government Reform, and Energy and Commerce, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. LANCE (for himself, Mr. G
OTTHEIMER , Mr. S MITH of New Jer-sey, Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN , Mr. L OBI-
ONDO , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. Z
ELDIN , Mr. F ASO, and Mr. D
ONOVAN ): H.R. 4803. A bill to clarify the treatment of State and local real property taxes paid in 2017 and assessed for 2018; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. LANGEVIN (for himself, Mr. R
USSELL , Mr. K INGof New York, and Mr. C
APUANO ): H.R. 4804. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to allow injured Federal law en-forcement officers to continue to serve their agencies, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MESSER: H.R. 4805. A bill to ensure that State and local law enforcement may cooperate with Federal officials to protect our communities from violent criminals and suspected terror-ists who are illegally present in the United States, to stop taxpayer dollars from flowing to jurisdictions that fail to comply with Fed-eral law, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 4806. A bill to provide a short-term disability insurance program for Federal em-ployees for disabilities that are not work-re-lated, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. By Mr. O’HALLERAN (for himself, Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, and Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico): H.R. 4807. A bill to fulfill the United States Government’s trust responsibility to serve the higher education needs of the Navajo people and to clarify, unify, and modernize prior Dine´College legislation; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. PERLMUTTER (for himself and Mr. G
ALLAGHER ): H.R. 4808. A bill to promote transparency in health care pricing; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00229 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L16JA7.000 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH404 January 16, 2018 
By Mr. WALKER: H.R. 4809. A bill to increase access to agen-cy guidance documents; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN: H. J. Res. 125. A joint resolution making an extension of continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2018, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Appropriations, and in ad-dition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CURBELO of Florida: H. Res. 695. A resolution electing Members to certain standing committees of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. NORMAN: H.R. 4793. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the United States Constitution By Mrs. NOEM: H.R. 4794. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 7 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California: H.R. 4795. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Interstate Commerce Clause: to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes; By Mr. HURD: H.R. 4796. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. BIGGS: H.R. 4797. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII of the U.S. Constitu-tion By Mr. COLLINS of New York: H.R. 4798. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. CRAMER: H.R. 4799. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the U.S. Constitution By Ms. ESHOO: H.R. 4800. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. GOTTHEIMER: H.R. 4801. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: clause 3 of section 8 of article I of the Con-stitution By Mr. KINZINGER: H.R. 4802. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, ‘‘The Con-gress shall have Power . . . To regulate Com-merce with foreign Nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian Tribes;’’; and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, ‘‘The Con-gress shall have Power . . . To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers . . .’’. By Mr. LANCE: H.R. 4803. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; By Mr. LANGEVIN: H.R. 4804. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 Clause 18 By Mr. MESSER: H.R. 4805. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 4 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 4806. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. O’HALLERAN: H.R. 4807. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. PERLMUTTER: H.R. 4808. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 8 Section 1 By Mr. WALKER: H.R. 4809. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: in Article I, Section 1, Clause 1; Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18; and Article 1, Section 9, Clause 7. By Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN: H.J. Res. 125. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The principal constitutional authority for this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of ar-ticle I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropria-tions made by Law . . . .’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . .’’ Together, these specific constitu-tional provisions establish the congressional power of the purse, granting Congress the authority to appropriate funds, to determine their purpose, amount, and period of avail-ability, and to set forth terms and conditions governing their use. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: H.R. 146: Mr. C OLE. H.R. 719: Mr. M
OOLENAAR and Ms. G
RANGER . H.R. 750: Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 754: Mr. S
CALISE . H.R. 756: Mr. G
ARRETT . H.R. 788: Mr. A
MODEI . H.R. 807: Mr. K
IHUEN . H.R. 850: Mr. H
UNTER , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. M
OOLENAAR , Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER , and Ms. G RANGER . H.R. 858: Mr. Q
UIGLEY and Ms. B ONAMICI . H.R. 878: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee and Mr. M
ARSHALL . H.R. 936: Mr. G
RIJALVA and Mr. H ARPER . H.R. 975: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 1022: Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER . H.R. 1152: Mr. M
EADOWS . H.R. 1155: Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD . H.R. 1227: Mr. B
EYER . H.R. 1276: Mr. V
ARGAS . H.R. 1318: Mr. C
ONNOLLY and Mr. J OHNSON  of Georgia. H.R. 1322: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H.R. 1337: Mr. S
CHWEIKERT . H.R. 1374: Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 1406: Mr. K
ENNEDY and Mr. S ABLAN . H.R. 1438: Ms. S
A´NCHEZ . H.R. 1443: Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 1445: Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 1606: Mr. B
UDDand Mr. M ARINO . H.R. 1660: Mr. F
ASOand Mr. W ALZ. H.R. 1759: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 1841: Ms. T
ITUS. H.R. 1868: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 1876: Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER , and Mrs. B ROOKS of Indi- ana. H.R. 1907: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 1949: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 2092: Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana. H.R. 2150: Mr. G
ALLEGO . H.R. 2166: Mr. G
IBBS. H.R. 2215: Mr. K
ILDEE , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. G ALLEGO , and Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 2234: Mr. W
ALDEN . H.R. 2272: Mr. M
CEACHIN and Ms. P INGREE . H.R. 2379: Mr. W
ALZ. H.R. 2412: Ms. P
INGREE and Mr. L ANGEVIN . H.R. 2451: Mr. O’R
OURKE . H.R. 2584: Mr. H
ILLand Mr. T HOMPSON of California. H.R. 2599: Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER . H.R. 2625: Mr. M
ESSER . H.R. 2657: Mr. P
ERRY . H.R. 2666: Mr. M
EADOWS . H.R. 2723: Mr. H
ILLand Mr. M OOLENAAR . H.R. 2790: Mr. M
ARINO . H.R. 2832: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia, and Mr. B ISHOP of Utah. H.R. 2933: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 2949: Mr. M
ESSER . H.R. 2995: Ms. E
SHOO and Mr. S ARBANES . H.R. 2996: Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. M
OOLENAAR , Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, and Mr. H
UNTER . H.R. 3307: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 3380: Mr. M
OULTON and Mr. W ELCH . H.R. 3580: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 3795: Mrs. D
AVIS of California. H.R. 3798: Mr. H
ULTGREN . H.R. 3828: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 3871: Mr. G
ALLAGHER . H.R. 3878: Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts. H.R. 3894: Mr. K
HANNA , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, and Ms. J
AYAPAL . H.R. 3976: Mr. O’R
OURKE , Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. W
ENSTRUP , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. S HUSTER , and Mr. G
OSAR . H.R. 3981: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 4057: Mr. S
CHNEIDER . H.R. 4066: Mrs. D
INGELL . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00230 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L16JA7.100 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H405 January 16, 2018 
H.R. 4099: Mr. D EFAZIO and Mr. M
OOLENAAR . H.R. 4131: Mr. L
ATTA , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. D
ESANTIS , Mr. T HOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida, and Mr. B
ILIRAKIS . H.R. 4143: Mr. H
UDSON and Mr. M ARINO . H.R. 4215: Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia. H.R. 4240: Mr. G
RIJALVA . H.R. 4253: Mrs. L
AWRENCE . H.R. 4274: Mr. S
AMJOHNSON of Texas and Mr. G
OWDY . H.R. 4311: Mr. R
YAN of Ohio, Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , and Mr. S ESSIONS . H.R. 4312: Mr. M
ASTand Mr. K ATKO . H.R. 4318: Mr. F
ERGUSON . H.R. 4391: Mr. B
EYER . H.R. 4392: Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 4413: Mr. J
ORDAN . H.R. 4437: Mr. B
ARLETTA . H.R. 4457: Mr. B
IGGS. H.R. 4473: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 4489: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ and Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N. H.R. 4509: Mr. N
ORMAN . H.R. 4525: Ms. B
ONAMICI and Ms. B LUNT  R
OCHESTER . H.R. 4527: Ms. N
ORTON and Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 4547: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 4565: Mr. O’R
OURKE . H.R. 4582: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 4607: Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 4608: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 4610: Mr. B
URGESS . H.R. 4670: Mr. J
ONES , Ms. S INEMA , and Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4673: Ms. S
TEFANIK and Ms. N ORTON . H.R. 4682: Mr. B
ARR, Mr. F ERGUSON , and Mr. A
RRINGTON . H.R. 4693: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 4704: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 4712: Mr. B
ERGMAN , Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. W
ENSTRUP , Mr. J OHNSON of Louisiana, Mr. W
ILLIAMS , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. G RAVES of Lou- isiana, Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia, Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. P
ALMER , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. A US-
TINSCOTT of Georgia, Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. L
ATTA , Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana, Mr. P OSEY , Mr. S
HIMKUS , and Mr. L IPINSKI . H.R. 4722: Mr. Z
ELDIN , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. S
UOZZI , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. M
EEKS , Ms. M ENG, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. J
EFFRIES , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. N AD-
LER, Mr. D ONOVAN , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALO-
NEYof New York, Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. C ROW-
LEY, Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. E NGEL , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. T
ONKO , Ms. S TEFANIK , Ms. T ENNEY , Mr. R
EED, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, and Mr. C
OLLINS of New York. H.R. 4729: Mrs. L
AWRENCE and Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 4732: Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. R
YANof Ohio, and Mr. R UTHERFORD . H.R. 4747: Ms. S
TEFANIK , Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. T
URNER , and Mr. D ESJARLAIS . H.R. 4760: Mr. A
DERHOLT , Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. S
MUCKER , Mr. W ALKER , Mr. B ARR, and Mr. H
UDSON . H.R. 4766: Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER . H.R. 4775: Mr. W
ALZand Ms. M OORE . H.R. 4778: Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 4792: Ms. S
INEMA , Ms. P LASKETT , and Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas. H. Con. Res. 81: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY  of New York. H. Res. 35: Ms. N
ORTON . H. Res. 128: Mr. L
AWSON of Florida. H. Res. 188: Mr. G
OHMERT and Mr. M EAD-
OWS. H. Res. 199: Mr. H
UDSON . H. Res. 349: Mr. L
OWENTHAL and Mr. M EAD-
OWS. H. Res. 464: Mr. G
ARRETT . H. Res. 466: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California and Ms. T
SONGAS . H. Res. 495: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H. Res. 673: Mr. M
EEKS and Mr. B ILIRAKIS . H. Res. 683: Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. BRADY OF TEXAS  Pursuant to the requirements of the Amer-ican Manufacturing Competitiveness Act of 2016 (P.L. 114–159), attached please find a list of limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. Sec. 2. Frozen, boiled glutinous corn. Sec. 3. Mustard seed oil. Sec. 4. Cocoa powder. Sec. 5. Artichokes, in vinegar. Sec. 6. Pepperoncini, preserved by vinegar, in glass jars. Sec. 7. Pepperoncini, vinegar preserved, not in glass jars. Sec. 8. Minced pimiento stuffed green ol-ives. Sec. 9. Pimientos. Sec. 10. Pepperoncini, other than preserved by vinegar. Sec. 11. Artichokes, other than in vinegar. Sec. 12. Dried strawberries. Sec. 13. Edible powder containing con-jugated linoleic acid. Sec. 14. Nicotine gum. Sec. 15. Coconut water juice blends. Sec. 18. Coconut water in PET bottles. Sec. 19. Isododecane (CAS 93685–81–5). Sec. 20. Isohexadecane (CAS No. 93685–80–4). Sec. 21. Sodium. Sec. 22. Sodium containing not more than 200 ppm of calcium. Sec. 23. Nitrosyl sulfuric acid. Sec. 24. Hypophosphorous acid 50%. Sec. 26. Hexafluorozirconic acid. Sec. 27. Certain spherical particles of sil-icon dioxide. Sec. 28. Certain spherical particles of sil-icon dioxide. Sec. 29. Certain spherical particles of sil-icon dioxide. Sec. 30. Certain spherical particles of sil-icon dioxide. Sec. 31. Certain spherical particles of sil-icon dioxide. Sec. 32. Certain spherical particles of sil-icon dioxide. Sec. 33. Certain spherical particles of sil-icon dioxide. Sec. 34. Thionyl chloride. Sec. 35. Green chrome oxide. Sec. 36. Oxoiron. Sec. 37. Hydroxylamine free base. Sec. 38. Hydroxylamine sulphate. Sec. 39. Hydrazine 64%. Sec. 40. Germanium dioxide (GeO2). Sec. 41. Tin (IV) oxide, SnO2. Sec. 42. Ammonium bifluoride. Sec. 43. Sodium fluoride. Sec. 44. Stannous fluoride. Sec. 45. Sodium hydrogen difluoride. Sec. 46. Chromium fluoride. Sec. 47. Potassium bifluoride. Sec. 48. Potassium fluoroborate. Sec. 49. Potassium fluotitanate. Sec. 50. Potassium zirconate. Sec. 51. Titanium trichloride. Sec. 52. Cobalt chloride. Sec. 53. Cesium chloride. Sec. 54. Cesium iodide. Sec. 55. Sodium sulfides. Sec. 56. Sodium thiosulfate. Sec. 57. Barium nitrate. Sec. 59. Monopotassium phosphate. Sec. 60. Ammonium polyphosphate. Sec. 61. Cobalt carbonate. Sec. 62. Zirconium basic carbonate. Sec. 63. Potassium ferricyanide. Sec. 64. Sodium ferrocyanide. Sec. 65. Potassium ferrocyanide. Sec. 66. Sodium metasilicate. Sec. 67. Potassium tetraborate. Sec. 68. Sodium tungstate dihydrate. Sec. 69. Sodium thiocyanate. Sec. 70. Silver sodium zirconium hydrogenphosphate. Sec. 71. Mixed rare earth oxides known as luminostar UY. Sec. 73. Lanthanum carbonate. Sec. 74. Lutetium oxide. Sec. 75. Precursors for phosphors. Sec. 76. Yttrium oxide. Sec. 77. Ytterbium trifluoride powder. Sec. 78. Titanium hydride. Sec. 79. Titanium hydride paste. Sec. 80. Lithium aluminum hydride. Sec. 81. Cyanamide. Sec. 82. n-Butyl chloride. Sec. 83. Hexane, 1,6-dichloro-. Sec. 84. Allyl bromide. Sec. 85. DCP. Sec. 86. Monochlorobenzene. Sec. 87. o-Dichlorobenzene. Sec. 88. p-Dichlorobenzene. Sec. 90. 1,2,4-Trichlorobenzene. Sec. 91. α,α,α-Trichlorotoluene. Sec. 92. o-Chlorobenzyl chloride (oCBC). Sec. 93. Dichlorotoluene. Sec. 94. 2-Chloro-6-fluorobenzylchoride. Sec. 95. DEMBB. Sec. 96. o-Chlorotoluene. Sec. 97. 3-MBC. Sec. 98. Benzenesulfonyl chloride. Sec. 99. Spinomar LiSS - lithium p- styrenesulfonate. Sec. 100. Spinomar NaSS. Sec. 101. Para toluene sulfonic acid. Sec. 103. Methanesulfonyl chloride. Sec. 104. 4-Chloro3,5dinitrobenzotrifluoride. Sec. 105. 2-Methyl-5-nitrobenzenesulfonic acid. Sec. 106. Triflic acid. Sec. 107. Triflic anhydride. Sec. 108. Potassium perfluoroethyl cyclohexanesulphonate. Sec. 109. 2-Octanol solvent. Sec. 110. Isostearyl alcohol. Sec. 111. Sodium methylate powder. Sec. 112. Magnesium tert-butoxide. Sec. 113. Propargyl alcohol. Sec. 114. Leaf alcohol. Sec. 115. Purolan PD-LO. Sec. 116. 2,5-Dimethylhexane-2,5-diol. Sec. 117. Menthol. Sec. 118. α-Naphthol. Sec. 119. Thymol. Sec. 120. Preventol O extra, preventol O extra preservative. Sec. 121. Preventol ON extra preservative. Sec. 122. Resorcinol. Sec. 123. Pyrogallic acid. Sec. 124. Leucoquinizarin. Sec. 125. 2,2′-Methylene-bis-(4-methyl-6- tert-butylphenol). Sec. 126. 2,2′-(2-methylpropylidene)bis[4,6- dimethyl-phenol]. Sec. 127. 4,4′-Butylidenebis(3-methyl-6-tert- butylphenol). Sec. 128. 2,5-Bis(1,1-dimethylpropyl)-1,4- benzenediol. Sec. 129. Tris(2’-methyl-4’-hydroxy-5’-t- butylphenyl)butane. Sec. 130. Polymer additives. Sec. 131. Ortho nitro phenol. Sec. 132. 3-Trifluoromethyl-4-nitrophenol. Sec. 133. NKTR–118 (PEG)7 mesylate. Sec. 134. Oxyfluorfen. Sec. 135. Nitrated aromatic ether or OPNA. Sec. 136. Allyl pentaerythritol. Sec. 137. t-Butyl cumyl peroxide. Sec. 138. Dicumyl peroxide. Sec. 139. Cumene hydroperoxide. Sec. 140. 2,5-Dimethy-,5-di(tert- butylperoxy)hexane. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00231 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.029 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH406 January 16, 2018 
Sec. 141. Allyl glycidyl ether. Sec. 142. 2-Bromo-1,1-dimethoxyethane. Sec. 143. 3,7-Dimethylocta-2,6-dienal. Sec. 144. Glyoxal. Sec. 145. 4-Propyl benzaldehyde (NPBAL). Sec. 146. Cyclobutanecarboxaldehyde. Sec. 147. 4-(1,1-Dimethylethyl)-alpha- m(lysmeral extra). Sec. 148. Anisaldehyde. Sec. 149. TBMB. Sec. 150. 7-Hydroxycitronellal. Sec. 151. 2,4- Disulfobenzaldehyde. Sec. 152. p-(Trifluoromethyl)benzaldehyde. Sec. 153. Diethyl ketone. Sec. 154. (E)-4-(2,6,6-Trimethyl-1-cyclo-hexen-1-yl)-3-bute. Sec. 155. Ionone gamma methyl. Sec. 156. 1,3-Cyclohexanedione. Sec. 157. Benzobicyclon. Sec. 158. Cyclopentanone. Sec. 159. Benzophenone. Sec. 160. 5-Chloro-1-indanone. Sec. 161. Methyl acetophenone para. Sec. 162. Hydroxylmethylpentanone. Sec. 163. UV absorber. Sec. 164. Raspberry ketone. Sec. 165. DMB (4,4-dimethoxy-2-butanone). Sec. 166. Amalanthraquine (AAQ). Sec. 167. Nitroanthraquinone. Sec. 168. 1-(4-Chlorophenyl)-4,4- dimethylpentan-3-one. Sec. 169. 1,5-Dichloro-9,10-anthraquinone. Sec. 170. ETFBO. Sec. 171. 3′-Bromo–2,3,4,6′-tetramethoxy-. Sec. 172. Verdox. Sec. 173. Dichloroacetyl chloride. Sec. 174. Methyl chloroacetate (MeCA). Sec. 175. Ethyl monochloroacetate. Sec. 176. Vinyl neodecanoate. Sec. 177. Dilauroyl peroxide. Sec. 178. Polyglyceryl-3 caprylate. Sec. 179. Butyl acrylate (buyl prop-2- enoate),. Sec. 180. Allyl methacrylate. Sec. 181. Sorbic acid. Sec. 182. Crotonic acid. Sec. 183. Pinane hydroperoxide. Sec. 184. Bifenthrin. Sec. 185. Benzoyl chloride. Sec. 186. 4-Nitrobenzoyl chloride. Sec. 187. Methyl cinnamate. Sec. 188. Perkadox PD-50S-ps. Sec. 189. Oxalic acid. Sec. 190. Oxalic acid, dimethyl ester (DMO). Sec. 192. Dimethyl malonate or DMM. Sec. 193. Itaconic acid. Sec. 194. Himic anhydride. Sec. 195. 4-Sulfo-1,8-napthalic anhydride potassium salt. Sec. 196. BPDA-U. Sec. 197. 1,4,5,8-Naphthalene tetra-. Sec. 198. Pyromellitic dianhydride. Sec. 199. Dimethyl 5-nitroisophthalate. Sec. 200. ICL. Sec. 201. TCL. Sec. 202. Hydroxypivalic acid neopentyl glycol ester. Sec. 203. o-Acetylsalicylic acid (aspirin). Sec. 204. Methyl sal. Sec. 205. pHBA. Sec. 206. Gallic acid. Sec. 207. Antioxidant. Sec. 208. propyl gallate. Sec. 209. Antioxidant. Sec. 210. Antioxidant. Sec. 211. Solbrol A. Sec. 212. Solbrol M. Sec. 213. Polymer additives. Sec. 214. 2-Benzoylbenzoic acid. Sec. 215. Prohexadione calcium (calc). Sec. 216. Glyoxylic acid. Sec. 217. Dichlorprop-p. Sec. 218. 2,4-DB. Sec. 219. MCPA. Sec. 220. Lactofen. Sec. 221. Other carboxylic acid: (Irganox
® 245). Sec. 222. 4,4′-Oxydiphthalic anhydride. Sec. 223. 2-Ethylhexyl 4- methoxycinnamate. Sec. 224. MAQ-R Acid (D-HPPA). Sec. 225. DEDC-NN. Sec. 226. ODPA-HAILI. Sec. 227. Trinexapac-ethyl. Sec. 228. Methoxyacetic acid. Sec. 229. ABA. Sec. 230. 1-Methoxyacetic acid. Sec. 231. Tetrachlorvinfos. Sec. 232. Bis(2,4-dichlorophenyl) chlorophosphate. Sec. 233. Tris(2-ethylhexyl) phosphate. Sec. 234. Tolclofos methyl. Sec. 235. O,O-Diethyl phosphorochloridothioate - DEPCT. Sec. 236. Albrite DMHP. Sec. 237. Propargite. Sec. 238. Antioxidant. Sec. 239. Fosetyl-Al. Sec. 240. Perkadox 16. Sec. 241. 2-ethyl hexyl nitrate. Sec. 242. Dimethyl carbonate. Sec. 243. Diethylhexyl carbonate. Sec. 244. 2-Ethylhexylamine. Sec. 245. DTD amine. Sec. 246. 3M
TMFluorinertTMand perform-ance fluid. Sec. 247. N,N
′-bis(3- aminopropyl)ethylenediamine. Sec. 248. Trimethylhexamethylene diamine. Sec. 249. N,N-Diethyl-1,3-propanediamine. Sec. 250. 2,4-Dichloroaniline. Sec. 251. 4 Chloro-2-nitroaniline. Sec. 252. 2-Nitroaniline. Sec. 253. 3,5-Difluroaniline. Sec. 254. S-N-Alkyl-anilin. Sec. 255. 2,6-Dichloroaniline. Sec. 256. N-Ethyl-N-benzyl aniline CAS 92– 59–1. Sec. 257. Ethyl benzylaniline sulfonic acid (EBASA). Sec. 258. p-Chloroaniline. Sec. 259. Sodium hydrogen 2-aminobenzene- 1,4-disulfonate. Sec. 260. Ethyl benzyl aniline sulfonic acid. Sec. 261. Trifluralin. Sec. 262. Ethalfluralin. Sec. 263. p-Toluidine. Sec. 264. Benfluralin. Sec. 265. 2-Chloro-4-toluidine (2-CAT). Sec. 266. m-Toluidine. Sec. 267. o-Toluidine. Sec. 268. Butralin. Sec. 269. 4-Amino-3-methylbenzenesulfonic acid. Sec. 270. 2, 4-Xylidine. Sec. 271. Mixed xylidines. Sec. 272. Dodecyl aniline mixed isomers. Sec. 273. Flumetralin. Sec. 274. Amino methyl benzene. Sec. 275. 2-Ethyl-6-methylaniline. Sec. 276. mPDA. Sec. 277. MPD. Sec. 278. 4-ADPA (4-aminodiphenylamine). Sec. 279. 4,4 Methylene bis o-chloro aniline. Sec. 280. 4,4
′-Diaminostilbene-2,2′-disulfonic acid. Sec. 281. TFMB. Sec. 282. Phenol, 2,2
′-[[(1S...]bis[6-(1,1- dimethyylethyl). Sec. 283. Prodiamine. Sec. 284. 3,3
′ Dichlorobenzidine dihydrochloride. Sec. 285. Tris[2-[[2,4,8,10-tetra-tert- butyldibe (AO 12). Sec. 286. Dipropoxy-p-toluidin. Sec. 287. Phytosphingosine. Sec. 288. 1-(Dimethylamino)-2-propan-ol (N,N-Diemet). Sec. 289. Phytosphingosine HCl. Sec. 290. 2-Amino-p-cresol. Sec. 291. RODA—sunlight. Sec. 292. 4-Methoxy-2- methyldiphenylamine. Sec. 293. 4
′-Methoxy-2,2′,4- trimethyldiphenylamine. Sec. 294. p-Cresidine sulfonic acid. Sec. 295. 2-Methoxy-5-methylaniline. Sec. 296. ODA—WANDA. Sec. 297. Para cresidine-2 sulfonic acid. Sec. 298. L-Lysine hydrate GMP P25. Sec. 299. 4-Chlorophenylglycine. Sec. 300. 2-Amino-5-sulfobenzoic acid. Sec. 301. 3,4-Diaminobenzoic acid. Sec. 302. 3-Chloroanthranilic acid. Sec. 303. 11 Aminoundecanoic acid. Sec. 304. Other oxygen function: amino acids: other. Sec. 305. Manganese disodium EDTA. Sec. 306. Sarcosine, sodium salt. Sec. 307. Copper disodium EDTA. Sec. 308. Sodium lauriminodipropinonate. Sec. 309. 2-[4-(n-Ethyl-n-(4- methylphenyl)amino)-2-hydroxybe. Sec. 310. 2-[4-(Diethylamino)-2- hydroxybenzoyl] benzoic acid. Sec. 311. Choline hydroxide. Sec. 312. Non-genetically modified lecithin of rapeseed. Sec. 313. Lecithin derived from sunflower. Sec. 314. Lecithin derived from soybean. Sec. 315. Sarkosyl®O. Sec. 316. N-Vinylformamide. Sec. 317. Butanamide, 3-oxo. Sec. 318. Dimethylaminopropyl methacrylamide. Sec. 319. Tetra-n-butylurea. Sec. 320. DAAM. Sec. 321. Primid QM-1260. Sec. 322. Primid XL-552. Sec. 323. Dichlormid. Sec. 324. Propargyl butycarbamate. Sec. 325. Diuron. Sec. 326. Linuron. Sec. 327. Carboxyamide function com-pounds (irganox 1098). Sec. 328. Chlorpropham. Sec. 329. Propoxur. Sec. 330. Metolachlor. Sec. 331. Metalaxyl. Sec. 332. Zoxamide. Sec. 333. Phenmedipham. Sec. 334. Carbaryl. Sec. 335. Flutolanil. Sec. 336. Cyclanilide. Sec. 337. Mefenoxam. Sec. 338. S-Metolachlor. Sec. 339. Napropamide. Sec. 340. Mandipropamid. Sec. 341. Fenhexamid. Sec. 342. Mandestrobin technical. Sec. 343. FOE 5043 hydroxy. Sec. 344. 2-(Trifluoromethyl)benzamide. Sec. 345. Intermediate CAS no. 59673–82–4. Sec. 346. 2,5-bis [(1,3- dioxobutyl)amino]benzenesulfonic acid. Sec. 347. Methyl-4-trifluoromethoxyphenyl- N-(chl.) carbamate. Sec. 348. 2-Chloroacetoacetanilide (AAOCA). Sec. 349. Acetoacetyl-2,5-dimethoxy-4- chloroanilide. Sec. 350. p-Aminobenzamide. Sec. 351. 2-Amino-5-cyano-N,3- dimethylbenzamide. Sec. 352. Trans-N-boc Acid. Sec. 353. Perkalink 900. Sec. 354. Dodine. Sec. 355. N,N
′-m-Phenylenedimaleimide. Sec. 356. 1,3-Diphenylguanidine. Sec. 357. Flumiclorac pentyl ester. Sec. 358. Creatine. Sec. 359. CreAMINO. Sec. 360. Chlorothalonil. Sec. 361. 2-Methoxlyethyl(RS)-2-(4-tert- (cyflumetafen). Sec. 362. Bromoxynil octanoate. Sec. 363. Bromoxynil heptanoate. Sec. 364. Cyhalofop-butyl technical. Sec. 365. β-Cyfluthrin. Sec. 366. Deltamethrin. Sec. 367. Cyfluthrin (excluding β- cyfluthrin). Sec. 368. Cypermethrin. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00232 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.019 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H407 January 16, 2018 
Sec. 369. Esfenvalerate. Sec. 370. Alpha-cypermethrin technical. Sec. 371. Zeta-cypermethrin. Sec. 372. Esfenvalerate. Sec. 373. Fenpropathrin. Sec. 374. Phthalodinitrile CAS 91–15–6. Sec. 375. Diphenylacetonitrile. Sec. 376. IPN. Sec. 377. 3,4-Difluorobenzonitrile. Sec. 378. Aminoazobenzene-p-sulfonic acid. Sec. 379. Methoxyfenozide technical insec-ticide. Sec. 380. Bifenazate technical. Sec. 381. Trifloxystrobin. Sec. 382. Cyflufenamid. Sec. 383. Tebufenozide. Sec. 384. Carbonohydrazide. Sec. 385. Tralkoxydim wet cake herbicide. Sec. 386. Daminozide. Sec. 387. Aminoguanidine bicarbonate. Sec. 388. ADH. Sec. 389. Certain organic chemicals. Sec. 390. p-Chlorophenylisocyanate. Sec. 391. Phenylisocyanate. Sec. 392. PCM. Sec. 393. NBPT. Sec. 394. Thiobencarb. Sec. 395. EPTC. Sec. 396. Phosmet. Sec. 397. Mesotrione. Sec. 398. Profenofos. Sec. 399. Clethodim. Sec. 400. Topsin. Sec. 401. AE 747 ether. Sec. 402. 2-(Methylthio)-4- (trifluoromethyl)benzoic acid. Sec. 403. Optical brightener. Sec. 404. 4,6-Bis(octylthiomethyl)-o- (irganox 1520 L). Sec. 405. 4,4’-Thiobis 2-1,1-dimethylethyl-5- methyl-phenol. Sec. 406. Thio-ether based co-stabilizer for plastics. Sec. 407. Thiobis(6-tert-butyl-4-methyl-phenol). Sec. 408. DCDPS, dichlordiphenylsulfone. Sec. 409. Thiodicarb. Sec. 410. Acephate CAS 30560–19–1. Sec. 411. Cadusafos technical. Sec. 412. Methomyl. Sec. 413. Captan technical. Sec. 414. Thiourea dioxide. Sec. 415. Thioglycolic acid. Sec. 416. 2-Mercaptoethanol. Sec. 417. Pentaerythritol tetrakis ( β- laurylthiopropionate). Sec. 418. BME. Sec. 419. Di-tert-nonylpolysulfide. Sec. 420. Allyl isothiocyanate. Sec. 421. ACM ester. Sec. 422. Methylphosphinic acid N-butyl ester (MPE). Sec. 423. PMIDA. Sec. 424. Triphenylphosphine. Sec. 425. Fenbutatin oxide. Sec. 426. Triphenyltin hydroxide. Sec. 427. Ultraviolet dye. Sec. 428. PBA Solid (phenyl boronic acid). Sec. 429. Benzene phosphinic acid. Sec. 430. Morpholinomethane diphosphonic acid. Sec. 431. Glufosinate-ammonium. Sec. 432. MSMA. Sec. 433. THPC. Sec. 434. THPS. Sec. 436. Metatin katalysator. Sec. 437. Ethephon. Sec. 438. Silicone oil. Sec. 439. Dinotefuran. Sec. 440. Sorbitan caprylate. Sec. 441. Coumaphos. Sec. 442. Spiromesifen. Sec. 443. Spirodiclofen. Sec. 444. Brodifacoum. Sec. 445. Emamectin benzoate. Sec. 446. Gibberellic Acid. Sec. 447. Erythorbic acid. Sec. 449. Ethofumesate. Sec. 450. Carbosulfan technical. Sec. 451. Helional. Sec. 452. Reaction mass of (rel-2R,4R)- tetrahydo (pyranol). Sec. 453. Augeo clean plus or augeo film. Sec. 454. Frescolat MGA. Sec. 455. Fenpyroximate. Sec. 456. Pyraclonil. Sec. 457. Pyraflufen-ethyl. Sec. 458. Tolfenpyrad. Sec. 459. Penflufen. Sec. 460. Pyrazole: aromatic pesticide (fipronil). Sec. 461. Pyraclostrobin technical. Sec. 462. Sedaxane. Sec. 463. Solatenol. Sec. 464. Fenpyrazamine. Sec. 465. Technical tolpyralate herbicide. Sec. 466. 3-(Difluoromethyl)-1-methyl-N- (3′,(xemium tech). Sec. 467. Iprodione. Sec. 468. Triflumizole technical. Sec. 469. Fenamidone. Sec. 470. Technical cyazofamid fungicide. Sec. 471. 1-Methylhydantoin-2-imide. Sec. 472. Hindered amine light stabilizer. Sec. 473. Fluopicolide. Sec. 474. Fluopyram. Sec. 475. 2-Chloro-N-(4 ′-chloro-bipheny (boscalid tech). Sec. 476. Technical isofetamid fungicide. Sec. 477. Technical fluazinam fungicide. Sec. 478. Technical pyriofenone fungicide. Sec. 479. Paraquat dichloride. Sec. 480. Imazethapyr. Sec. 481. Fluridone. Sec. 482. Bicyclopyrone. Sec. 483. Clopyralid technical. Sec. 484. Picloram technical. Sec. 485. Clodinafop-propargyl. Sec. 486. Aminopyralid technical. Sec. 487. Triclopyr. Sec. 488. Fluroxpyr technical. Sec. 489. Arylex technical herbicide. Sec. 490. Mepiquat chloride. Sec. 491. Imidacloprid. Sec. 492. Saltidin. Sec. 493. Acetamiprid technical. Sec. 494. 2-Chloro-6-trichloromethyl pyri-dine. Sec. 495. Copper 1-oxidopyridine-2-thione. Sec. 496. Pyridalyl. Sec. 497. Pyriproxyfen. Sec. 498. Benzimidazole. Sec. 499. Relebactam (MK-7655). Sec. 500. 2,3-Dichloro-5- (trifluoromethyl)pyridine. Sec. 501. 2-Acetylnicotinic acid. Sec. 502. Hindered amine light stabilizer. Sec. 503. 5-Methylmethoxypyridine-2,3- dicar. Sec. 504. 5-Methylpyridine-2,3-dicarboxylic acid. Sec. 505. 5-Methylpyridine-2,3-dicarboxylic acid (5-MPDC). Sec. 506. 2,3-Pyridinedicarboxylic acid. Sec. 507. N,N′-Bis(2,2,6,6-tetramethyl-4- (uvinul 4050). Sec. 508. Bis(1,2,2,6,6-pentamethyl-4-pi (tinuvin 765). Sec. 509. N,N′-Bis(2,2,6,6-tetramethyl-4- piperidinyl)isoph. Sec. 510. Hindered amine light stabilizer. Sec. 511. Acylated sterically hindered light stabilizer. Sec. 512. M-TMP intermediate. Sec. 513. 2-Cyanopyridine. Sec. 514. N-Butyl-TAD. Sec. 515. Food and feed preservative. Sec. 516. Quinclorac. Sec. 517. Cloquintocent-mexyl. Sec. 518. Cloquintocet acid. Sec. 519. Quinaldine. Sec. 520. Butafenacil. Sec. 521. Terbacil. Sec. 522. Bispyribac sodium. Sec. 523. Azoxystrobin. Sec. 524. Cyprodinil technical. Sec. 525. Pyrimethanil. Sec. 526. 6-BA. Sec. 527. 5-Ethyl-6- octyl[1,2,4]triazol(ametoctradine). Sec. 528. Bromacil. Sec. 529. Pirimiphos-methyl. Sec. 530. Aminocyclopyrachlor. Sec. 531. Letermovir (MK-8228). Sec. 532. Benzo[h]quinazolin-4(3H)-one de-rivative (MK-7622). Sec. 533. Pyrifluquinazon. Sec. 534. DEDS. Sec. 535. Phenyl(4,6-dimethoxy-pyrimidin- 2-yl)carbamate. Sec. 536. MethylIodouracil. Sec. 537. Pyrimisulfan. Sec. 538. DMDS. Sec. 539. Triethylenediamine. Sec. 540. DAT intermediate. Sec. 541. 2-Amino-4,6-dimethylpyrimidine. Sec. 542. ADTP. Sec. 543. Cyanuric chloride. Sec. 544. Metribuzin. Sec. 545. Hexazinone. Sec. 546. Pymetrozine. Sec. 547. Atrazine. Sec. 548. Simazine. Sec. 549. High performance halogen free flame retardant. Sec. 550. Propazine. Sec. 551. Indaziflam. Sec. 552. Phenol,2-(4,6-dIphenyl-1,3,(tinuvin 1577). Sec. 553. 2-hydroxyphenyl-s-tri-azine(tinuvin 1600). Sec. 554. Terbutryn. Sec. 555. Tris (2-hydroxyethyl) isocyanurate (THEIC). Sec. 556. 2-Amino-4-methoxy-6-methyl- 1,3,5-triazine. Sec. 557. 2-Methyl-4-methoxy-6- methylamino-1,3,5-triazine. Sec. 558. Triallyl cyanurate. Sec. 559. Uniconazole-P. Sec. 560. Spirotetramat. Sec. 561. Doravirine (MK-1439). Sec. 562. Grilbond IL-6. Sec. 563. Myclobutanil technical fungicide. Sec. 564. Fenbuconazole fungicide. Sec. 565. Fenazaquin. Sec. 566. Technical cyclaniliprole insecti-cide. Sec. 567. Pyridaben. Sec. 568. Triadimefon. Sec. 569. Pyraziflumid. Sec. 570. Cyproconazole. Sec. 571. Tebuconazole. Sec. 572. Hetero w/nitor: pesticides: other (triticonazole). Sec. 573. Metconazole. Sec. 574. Prothioconazole. Sec. 575. Paclobutrazol. Sec. 576. Carbendazim. Sec. 577. Flutriafol. Sec. 578. Ipconazole. Sec. 579. Tetraconazole. Sec. 580. Carfentrazone. Sec. 581. ECONEA technical. Sec. 582. UV absorber. Sec. 583. UV absorber. Sec. 584. Dianil. Sec. 585. NORBLOC 7966. Sec. 586. Hydro. Sec. 587. Amino ethyl carbazole (AEC). Sec. 588. 1,3 Diamino isoindoline. Sec. 589. Polyaziridine (PZ-33). Sec. 590. 1,2,4-Triazole. Sec. 591. 3-Amino-5-mercapto-1,2,4-. Sec. 592. Hexythiazox. Sec. 593. Thiacloprid. Sec. 594. Ruzasvir (MK-8408). Sec. 595. Isavuconazonium sulfate. Sec. 596. 2-(1,3-Thiazol-5-yl)-2H-3,1- benzoxazine derivative. Sec. 597. 3,6-Dimethyl-6H-benzo- oxazino[3,4-a]indole. Sec. 598. Clothianidin. Sec. 599. Thiamethoxam. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00233 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.020 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH408 January 16, 2018 
Sec. 600. Ethaboxam. Sec. 601. Vulkacit merkapto/MG-C. Sec. 602. 2BBA. Sec. 603. 2-Amino 4-methyl benzothiazole. Sec. 604. Vulkacit ZM-W. Sec. 605. Oxadiazon. Sec. 606. Difenoconazole. Sec. 607. Fludioxinil technical. Sec. 608. Propiconazole. Sec. 609. Carboxin. Sec. 610. 1,2-Benzisothiazolin-3(2H)-one,2- butyl. Sec. 611. 4-[3-(4-Chlorophenyl)-3-(3,4- dimethoxyph). Sec. 612. Oxathiapiprolin. Sec. 613. Fluoxastrobin. Sec. 614. Isoxaflutole. Sec. 615. Bentazon. Sec. 616. Thidiazuron. Sec. 617. Heterocyclic:other: herbicides: topramezone. Sec. 618. Pinoxaden. Sec. 619. Isoxaben technical herbicide. Sec. 620. Clomazone. Sec. 621. Fluthiacetmethyl. Sec. 622. Flumioxazin. Sec. 623. Buprofezin. Sec. 624. Flupyradifurone. Sec. 625. Fluralaner (AH252723). Sec. 626. OBPA. Sec. 627. Etoxazole. Sec. 628. Agricultural chemical. Sec. 629. Crisaborole. Sec. 630. Sarolaner. Sec. 631. Elbasvir (MK-8742). Sec. 632. Uprifosbuvir (MK-3682). Sec. 633. Suvorexant (MK-4305). Sec. 634. Ertugliflozin L-pyroglutamic acid. Sec. 635. Isoxadifen-ethyl. Sec. 636. NA-11. Sec. 637. UV absorber. Sec. 638. 2H-3,1-Benzoxazine-2,4(1H)-dione. Sec. 639. Penthiopyrad. Sec. 640. 2-Amino-3-cyano thiophene. Sec. 641. Tebuthiuron technical. Sec. 642. NEM salt. Sec. 643. 3M
TMFluorinert and performance fluid. Sec. 644. Etridiazole. Sec. 645. Pyroxasulfone technical. Sec. 646. Isatoic anhydride. Sec. 647. Grazoprevir (MK-5172). Sec. 648. Cyprosulfamide. Sec. 649. Triasulfuron. Sec. 650. Trifloxysulfuron. Sec. 651. Para-toluen sulphonyl hydrazide. Sec. 652. Sulfentrazone. Sec. 653. Sulfometuron-methyl. Sec. 654. Bensulfuron methyl. Sec. 655. Tosyl-4-CPP. Sec. 656. Asulam. Sec. 657. Flucarbazone-sodium. Sec. 658. Pyroxsulam herbicide. Sec. 659. Methyl 2-(aminosulfonyl) ben-zoate. Sec. 660. Methyl 3-sulfamoylthiophene-2- carboxylate. Sec. 661. 3-(Ethylsulfonyl)-2- pyridinesulfonamide. Sec. 662. Carbamic acid, N-[[3-[(di-methyl. . .]-, phenyl ester. Sec. 663. Imazosulfuron. Sec. 664. 5-Fluoropicolinamide derivative. Sec. 665. Oryzalin. Sec. 666. Stevia rebiana. Sec. 667. Purified steviol glycoside, rebaudioside A. Sec. 668. Purified steviol glycoside, rebaudioside M. Sec. 669. d-Mannose. Sec. 670. Trehalose. Sec. 671. Iron sodium EDDHA. Sec. 672. Chlorophyllin. Sec. 673. Black carrot color concentrate. Sec. 674. Purple sweet potato color con-centrate. Sec. 675. Red cabbage color concentrate. Sec. 676. Red radish color concentrate. Sec. 677. Disperse blue 56. Sec. 678. Disperse blue 284. Sec. 679. Disperse blue 73. Sec. 680. Mixture of disperse blue 60 M, dis-perse blue 60 ME. Sec. 681. Mix of disperse blue 77, 56, 60M, 60ME, 77. Sec. 682. Mixture of disperse yellow 64, 211, 42, and 54. Sec. 683. Disperse yellow 218. Sec. 684. Mixture of disperse yellow 163, etc.. Sec. 685. Mixture of disperse orange T9601, etc.. Sec. 686. Mixture of solvent yellow 163, etc. (black HLA-S). Sec. 687. Mix of disperse blue ANT (Br), etc (Dx blk XF-2). Sec. 688. Mixture of disperse blue 77 and disperse blue 60 M. Sec. 689. Disperse yellow 184:1. Sec. 690. Mix of disperse blue ANT (BR), etc. (Dx navy XF-2). Sec. 691. Disperse orange FC84508. Sec. 692. Mixt of disperse blue 60 M, etc (Dx turquoise XF). Sec. 693. Disperse yellow 71. Sec. 694. Mix of disp blue 77, etc (Dx black AM-SLR conc). Sec. 695. Mix of disperse yellow 163, etc. (Dx black HLA-E). Sec. 696. Mix of disperse red 356, 367, & H111030. Sec. 697. Mix of disperse red 1042A & dis-perse red 1042B. Sec. 698. Mix of disp blue 77, 60 M, & disp yellow 71. Sec. 699. Disperse blue 60. Sec. 700. Disperse blue 77. Sec. 701. Disperse blue 79:1. Sec. 702. Disperse red E-FB. Sec. 703. Disperse yellow 64. Sec. 704. Mix of disperse blue 73 A & dis-perse blue 73 P. Sec. 705. Acid red 92 (phloxine disodium salt). Sec. 706. Solvent blue 182. Sec. 707. Acid black 194. Sec. 708. Acid red 52. Sec. 709. Acid dye for pigment red 144. Sec. 710. Sanodal deep black HBL. Sec. 711. Acid red 182. Sec. 712. Acid orange 67. Sec. 713. Acid blue 324. Sec. 714. Acid blue 171. Sec. 715. Mixture of acid black 220A and acid black 220 B. Sec. 716. Acid red 87 (eosine disodium salt). Sec. 717. Acid dyes; acid blue 9. Sec. 718. Acid blue 80. Sec. 719. Acid yellow 23. Sec. 720. Basic yellow 40 dye. Sec. 721. Methyl violet dye liquid. Sec. 722. Basic red 1:1. Sec. 723. Basic green 1. Sec. 724. Rhodamine blue shade dye liquid CAS 64381-99-3. Sec. 725. Basic violet 11:1 rhodamine dye powder. Sec. 726. Direct blue 71. Sec. 727. Direct blue 279. Sec. 728. Direct violet 51. Sec. 729. Direct violet 9 crude. Sec. 730. Indigo, vat blue 1. Sec. 731. Pigment orange 43/vat orange 7. Sec. 732. Vat red 15. Sec. 733. Vat blue 66. Sec. 734. Vat blue 19. Sec. 735. Reduced vat blue 43. Sec. 736. Vat blue 1, reduced. Sec. 737. Isoviolanthrone—vat violet 10. Sec. 738. Vat blue 4. Sec. 739. Reactive blue 19. Sec. 740. Reactive red 195. Sec. 741. Mixture of reactive blue 19 and re-active blue 187. Sec. 742. Reactive blue FC75311. Sec. 743. Reactive yellow F00–0155. Sec. 744. Mixture of reactive red 198 and re-active red 239. Sec. 745. Reactive blue 187. Sec. 746. Reactive orange 131. Sec. 747. Reactive black 5. Sec. 748. Reactive red 180. Sec. 749. Reactive black 005. Sec. 750. Copper phthalocyanine blue crude. Sec. 751. Copper phthalocyanine monosulfonate. Sec. 752. G500 blue crude. Sec. 753. Fastogen blue KMB1. Sec. 754. Copper phthalocyanine green 7. Sec. 755. Copperchloro PCN crude for pig-ment making. Sec. 756. Solvent orange 63. Sec. 757. Solvent yellow 160:1. Sec. 758. 4-[(E)-Phenyldiazenyl]aniline. Sec. 759. Solvent red 179. Sec. 760. Solvent blue 104. Sec. 761. Solvent violet 13 (CI 60725). Sec. 762. Solvent yellow 195. Sec. 763. Solvent yellow 163. Sec. 764. Solvent red 227. Sec. 765. Solvent red 169. Sec. 766. Solvent yellow 114. Sec. 767. Solvent orange 60. Sec. 768. Solvent red 135. Sec. 769. Solvent blue 35. Sec. 770. Solvent violet 11 (CI 61100). Sec. 771. 2,4-Dinitrophenol, also called sul-phur black 1. Sec. 772. Mono or diphthalimido methyl cupcn. Sec. 773. Solubilized sulphur black 1. Sec. 774. Optical brightener. Sec. 775. Optical brightener. Sec. 776. Phthalocyanine blue additive CAS no 70750-63-9. Sec. 777. Organic luminescent pigments and dyes. Sec. 778. Phospherescent pigments zinc sul-fide, copper doped. Sec. 779. Pigment yellow 184. Sec. 780. Yttrium oxide ‘YOX’. Sec. 781. Lanthanum phosphate ‘LAP’. Sec. 782. Barium magnesium aluminate ‘BAM’. Sec. 783. Yttrium oxide & lanthanum phos-phate ‘YOX/LAP’. Sec. 784. ‘HALO’ FLU-PDR NP-10-07 /54, re-claimed. Sec. 785. Barium magnesium aluminate phosphor / ‘BAM-GRN’. Sec. 786. Glass powder. Sec. 787. Pre-stabilized mixtures of metal carboxylates. Sec. 788. Resin cement. Sec. 789. Cold pressed orange oil. Sec. 790. Cold pressed grapefruit oil. Sec. 791. Oil of lemon eucalyptus (OLE). Sec. 792. ADV 7800 S-ME. Sec. 793. ADV 7800 A-W. Sec. 794. ADV 7850 A-ME. Sec. 795. ADV 7800 S-W. Sec. 796. Petroleum sulfonic acids, sodium salt. Sec. 797. Ceteareth-60 myristyl glycol. Sec. 798. Esters. Sec. 799. Pentaerythritol monooleate. Sec. 800. Polymeric wetting agent. Sec. 801. Sorpol. Sec. 802. Plaster mold release agent. Sec. 805. Instant print film. Sec. 806. Poly pale ester 10. Sec. 807. Dymerex. Sec. 808. β-Cyfluthrin formulations. Sec. 809. Flupyradifurone formulations. Sec. 810. Imidacloprid + β-cyfluthrin for-mulations. Sec. 811. Imidacloprid + thiodicarb formu-lations. 
Sec. 812. Spiromesifen formulations. Sec. 813. Spirotetramat formulations. Sec. 814. Clothianidin + β-cyfluthrin formu-lations. Sec. 815. Tetrachlorvinfos Formulations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00234 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.021 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H409 January 16, 2018 
Sec. 816. Mixtures of clofentezine. Sec. 817. Acequinocyl. Sec. 818. Flonicamid. Sec. 819. Gamma-cyhalothrin formulations. Sec. 820. Acetamiprid-E, whether or not mixed. Sec. 821. Zinc phosphate formulations. Sec. 822. Azadirachtin. Sec. 823. Abamectin. Sec. 824. Acephate formulations. Sec. 825. Clothianidin + bacillus firmus for-mulations. Sec. 826. Clothianidin formulations (acceleron IC–609). Sec. 827. Insecticides, aromatic, or modi-fied aromatic. Sec. 828. Methomyl. Sec. 829. Evergol fungicide. Sec. 830. Fluoxastrobin formulations. Sec. 831. Triadimefon + trifloxystrobin for-mulations. Sec. 832. Triadimefon formulations. Sec. 833. Penflufen + prothioconazole for-mulations. Sec. 834. Raxil pro shield. Sec. 835. Elatus. Sec. 836. Oxathiapiprolin. Sec. 837. Fluopyram + tebuconazole formu-lations. Sec. 838. Fluopyram + bacillus firmus for-mulations. Sec. 839. Prothioconazole + tebuconazole formulations. Sec. 840. Trifloxystrobin + prothioconazole formulations. Sec. 841. Gaucho XT. Sec. 842. Trifloxystrobin and Tebuconazole formulations. Sec. 843. Fluopyram and Pyrimethanil for-mulations. Sec. 844. Fluopyram and Trifloxystrobin formulations. Sec. 845. Trifloxystrobin and Propiconazole formulations. Sec. 846. Trifloxystrobin formulations. Sec. 847. Fluopyram and Prothioconazole formulations. Sec. 848. Prothioconazole formulations. Sec. 849. Fenhexamid. Sec. 850. Fluopyram formulations. Sec. 851. Fluopyram and Imidacloprid for-mulations. Sec. 852. Fungaflor 500EC. Sec. 853. Fungaflor 75WSG. Sec. 854. Penbotec 400SC. Sec. 855. Quintec fungicide. Sec. 856. Mixtures of Famoxadone, Cymoxanil, and application adjuvants. Sec. 857. Trifloxystrobin and Cyproconazole formulations. Sec. 858. Fluopyram and Clothianidin for-mulations. Sec. 859. Iprodione and Trifloxystrobin Formulations. Sec. 860. Tetraconazole and Azoxystrobin. Sec. 861. Tetraconazole and Chlorothalonil. Sec. 862. Ziram. Sec. 863. Thiram. Sec. 864. Allyl isothiocyanate 96 percent active. Sec. 865. Copper hydroxide and copper oxychloride. Sec. 866. Copper hydroxide and application adjuvants. Sec. 867. Kasugamycin and application ad-juvants. Sec. 868. Polyoxin D Zinc Salt. Sec. 869. Propamocarb hydrochloride mix-tures. Sec. 870. Problad plus-fracture. Sec. 871. Dodine mixtures. Sec. 872. Fysium packs. Sec. 873. Tachigaren 70WP. Sec. 874. Propoxycarbazone-sodium formu-lations (olympus). Sec. 875. Huskie herbicide. Sec. 876. Foramsulfuron formulations. Sec. 877. Mesosulfuron-methyl formula-tions. Sec. 878. Isoxaflutole formulations. Sec. 879. Indaziflam and Rimsulfuron for-mulations. Sec. 880. Pyraflufen ethyl 40 percent (ET MB 40). Sec. 881. Paclobutrazole formulations. Sec. 882. Prosulfuron. Sec. 883. 1,1
′-Dimethyl–4,4′-bipyridinium di-chloride. Sec. 884. Acifluorfen MUP. Sec. 885. Asulam sodium salt formulations. Sec. 886. Napropamide formulations. Sec. 887. Sulfometuron-methyl formula-tions. Sec. 888. Formulated bentazone. Sec. 889. Isoxaflutole and Cyprosulfamide formulations. Sec. 890. Isoxadifen-ethyl and Tembotrione formulations. Sec. 891. Mixtures of Rimsulfuron. Sec. 892. Osprey XTRA herbicide. Sec. 893. Tupersan. Sec. 894. Sulfentrazone. Sec. 895. Formulated Pyrithiobac-sodium. Sec. 896. Triflusulfuron methyl formulated products. Sec. 897. Indazaflam formulations. Sec. 898. Huskie complete herbicide. Sec. 899. Tribute total. Sec. 900. Orthosulfamuron. Sec. 901. Fipronil. Sec. 902. (2-Chloroethyl)trimethyl (cycocel PGR). Sec. 903. Avadex microactiv. Sec. 904. Buckle. Sec. 905. Flazasulfuron herbicide. Sec. 906. Fosamine. Sec. 907. Propargite mixtures. Sec. 908. 5-Amino-1,3-dihydro-2H- benzimidazol-2-one. Sec. 909. Ricinoleic acid. Sec. 910. Lubricant additive. Sec. 911. Lubricate additive (Irgalube 353). Sec. 912. Fuel oil additive-cold flow im-prover. Sec. 913. Lubricity improver. Sec. 914. Rhenogran CLD-80. Sec. 915. Rhenogran Diuron-80. Sec. 916. Rhenogran Geniplex-70. Sec. 917. Disflamoll DPK. Sec. 918. Mesamoll. Sec. 919. Vulkanox ZMB2/C-5. Sec. 920. Antioxidizing preparations (Irganox 1141). Sec. 921. Hindered amine light stabilizer. Sec. 922. Reaction products of phosphorus trichloride. Sec. 923. Phenol, 4-methyl-, reaction prod-ucts. Sec. 924. Triazine derivative (Tinuvin NOR 371 FF). Sec. 925. Synthetic hydrotalcite coated with stearic acid. Sec. 926. Potassium methylate solution. Sec. 927. Coflake HZ. Sec. 928. Temposil 45 scorch retarder. Sec. 929. Penta amino aceto nitrate cobalt III. Sec. 930. Branched C24 benzene alkylate. Sec. 931. Glycol ester. Sec. 932. Palm fatty acid distillate (PFAD). Sec. 933. 9,11-Octadecadienoic acid (9Z,(tonalin FFA80). Sec. 934. Lauryl-cetyl alcohol. Sec. 935. Emitter suspension. Sec. 936. Organo-modified siloxanes com-bined with silica. Sec. 937. Aminonitrile. Sec. 938. Light stabilizer/UV-absorber for coatings. Sec. 939. Polymeric ester blend. Sec. 940. CE-1618BL Methyl palmitate/ole-ate. Sec. 941. N-Propylthophosphoryl triamide (NPPT). Sec. 942. Iminodisuccinate. Sec. 943. Bleaching additive. Sec. 944. Mixtures of C5–C18 perfluorocarbon alkanes, perfluorocarbon amines, and perfluorocarbon ethers. Sec. 945. Certain specialty monomers. Sec. 946. Silicon dioxide. Sec. 947. Sodium ethylate. Sec. 948. Organo-modified siloxanes com-bined with silica. Sec. 949. Sucrose stearate. Sec. 950. Synthetic acid washed beta zeo-lite powder. Sec. 951. Polymers of ethylene, other. Sec. 952. Mineral filled polypropylene pel-lets. Sec. 953. Polyisobutylene: other. Sec. 954. Polyisobutylene. Sec. 955. Propylene-ethylene copolymer. Sec. 956. Methoxysilanated amorphous poly alpha olefin. Sec. 957. Amorphous alpha olefin with high softening point. Sec. 958. Polymethylpentene (PMP) polyolefin copolymer. Sec. 959. Alpha-Alkenes (C20–C24) maleic anhyd. Sec. 960. Non-functionalized polybutadiene. Sec. 961. Vinylacetate-vinylchloride co-polymer. Sec. 962. Poly(fumaric acid-co-vinyl ace-tate-co-vinyl chloride). Sec. 963. Vinyl chloride copolymer. Sec. 964. Vinyl chloride-hydroxypropyl ac-rylate copolymer. Sec. 965. Aquivion (acid form) dispersion. Sec. 966. Aquivion (SO2F). Sec. 967. Aquivion (li salt). Sec. 968. Aquivion (NH4 salt). Sec. 969. Solvene. Sec. 970. Solvene T. Sec. 971. Solvera / Fluorolink PT5060. Sec. 972. Galden fluids with boiling points above 170 degrees Celsius. Sec. 973. Fomblin W 500. Sec. 974. Fomlbin M and Z lubricants. Sec. 975. Fomblin MD grades. Sec. 976. Fomblin DA306. Sec. 977. Fomblin DA 305, Galden MF310. Sec. 978. Fomblin T4 and Fomblin Z tetraol products. Sec. 979. Fomblin Z DOL and Fluorolink D series. Sec. 980. Fomblin Z DEAL, Fluorolink L series. Sec. 981. Fomblin ETX, Fluorolink E se-ries. Sec. 982. Tetraethylene glycol. Sec. 983. Fluorolink S10. Sec. 984. Polyvinyl acetate. Sec. 985. Vinyl acetate-alkeneoic acid co-polymer. Sec. 986. Ethylene-vinyl acetate copoly-mers. Sec. 987. Polyvinyl formal resin. Sec. 988. D-500. Sec. 989. ACUSOL. Sec. 990. Polymeric sulfonic acid. Sec. 991. 2-Propenoic acid, sodium salt. Sec. 992. Poly(butyl methacrylate). Sec. 993. Poly(ethyl acrylate-co-methyl methacrylate). Sec. 994. Poly(methacrylic acid-co-methyl methacrylate) 1:1. Sec. 995. Poly(methyl acrylate-co-methyl methacrylate. Sec. 996. Zeba. Sec. 997. UV absorber. Sec. 998. High-performance dispersant used in concrete. Sec. 999. Solvera PT 5045, Solvera XPH723. Sec. 1000. Heat-curable epoxy resin mix-ture. Sec. 1001. Liquid resin known as Chemitylene or TC-2. Sec. 1002. Sorbitol diglycidyl ether epoxide resin. Sec. 1003. Sulfonated polyethylene terephthalate. Sec. 1004. Linear hydroxyl-terminated ali-phatic polycarb diol. Sec. 1005. Linear aliphatic polycarbonate polyester. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00235 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.022 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH410 January 16, 2018 
Sec. 1006. Hindered amine light stabilizer. Sec. 1007. Polymer of 1,4- benzenedicarboxylic acid with 1,4-butanediol and hexanedioic acid. Sec. 1008. 1,4-Benzenedicarboxylic acid, polymer with 1,4 butanediol and decanedioc acid. Sec. 1009. 1,4-Benzenedicarboxylic acid, polymer with 1,4-butanediol, hexanedioic acid and nonanedioic acid. Sec. 1010. 1,4-Benzenedicarboxylic acid, polymer with 1,4-butanediol, decanedioic acid and hexanedioic acid. Sec. 1011. Polyester resin. Sec. 1012. 1,4-Benzenedicarboxylic acid, polymer. Sec. 1013. Grilamid TR 90. Sec. 1014. Orgasol polyamide powders. Sec. 1015. Grilamid TR 30. Sec. 1016. Grilamid TR 60. Sec. 1017. Methylene dianiline 50. Sec. 1018. Phenol, 4-(1,1-dimethylethyl)- ,polymer with formaldehyde. Sec. 1019. Phenol, 4,4 ′(1- methylethylidine)bis-, polymer. Sec. 1020. Formaldehyde-1,3-benzenediol (1:1). Sec. 1021. Polyurethane hardener. Sec. 1022. H12MDI based aliphatic polyisocyanate. Sec. 1023. TDI based blocked aromatic polyisocyanate. Sec. 1024. Self-cross linking, stoving poly-urethane resin. Sec. 1025. Silane terminated polyurethane prepolymer resin. Sec. 1026. Hydrogenated polymers of norbornene derivatives. Sec. 1027. Polyethyleneimine, refrigerated in containers holding not more than 1 liter. Sec. 1028. Polyethyleneimine, components for manufacturing into medical devices. Sec. 1029. Aliphatic/aromatic polyisocyanate copolymer. Sec. 1030. TDI based aromatic polyisocyanate. Sec. 1031. Water dispersible HDI based polyisocyanate. Sec. 1032. Water dispersible HDI based polyisocyanate. Sec. 1033. IPDI based aliphatic polyisocyanate. Sec. 1034. HDI based aliphatic polyisocyanate. Sec. 1035. Nourybond 276 curing agent. Sec. 1036. P84 polyimide powder. Sec. 1037. Modified ethylene-norbornene co-polymer. Sec. 1038. 1,6-Hexanediamine,N-N ′- bis(2,2,6,6-tet. Sec. 1039. Amberlite XAD4. Sec. 1040. Certain industrial nitrocellulose, damped with an alcohol content of 28 to 32 percent. Sec. 1041. Certain industrial nitrocellulose, damped with an alcohol content of 33 to 37 percent. Sec. 1042. Sodium alginate. Sec. 1043. Propylene glycol alginate (PGA). Sec. 1044. Alginic acid and other alginates. Sec. 1045. Sodium alginate containing cit-rate. Sec. 1046. Sodium hyaluronate. Sec. 1047. Weak acid cation ion-exchange resin. Sec. 1048. Weak acid macroporous cation ion-exchange resins. Sec. 1049. Ion-exchange resin comprised of divinylbenzene co-polymerized with styrene and ethylstyrene. Sec. 1050. Ion-exchange resin comprised of a copolymer of methacrylic acid cross-linked with divinylbenzene. Sec. 1051. Ion-exchange resin utilizing a type I quaternary ammonium functional group. Sec. 1052. Ion-exchange resin, free base form. Sec. 1053. Ion-exchange resin, chloride form. Sec. 1054. Amberlite IRP69. Sec. 1055. Anion ion-exchange resin. Sec. 1056. Amberlite IRC748. Sec. 1057. DOWEX* MAC-3. Sec. 1058. Iminidiacetic acid ion-exchange resin. Sec. 1059. Ion-exchange resin and chelating resin with a isothiouronium functional group. Sec. 1060. Ion-exchange resin and chelating resin with an aminophosphoric functional group. Sec. 1061. Amberlite IRP88. Sec. 1062. Strips of 100 percent ePTFE seal-ant between 3mm and 30mm thick. Sec. 1063. Plastic tubes, not reinforced, pol-yvinyl. Sec. 1064. Polyethylene micro-tubes. Sec. 1065. Plastic, other fittings. Sec. 1066. Transparent polypropylene flat film. Sec. 1067. Acrylic poly methacrylate. Sec. 1068. Acrylic films. Sec. 1069. Saflex. Sec. 1070. Regen cellulose sheets for indus-trial sponges. Sec. 1071. Expanded PTFE sheets between 1.6mm and 3mm thick for sealants. Sec. 1072. Expanded PTFE sheets between 3.1mm and 6.00mm thick for sealants. Sec. 1073. Thermoplastic containers. Sec. 1074. PE plug cap with holding top and inserting bottom. Sec. 1075. Thermoplastic closures. Sec. 1076. Plastic lids for food storage con-tainers. Sec. 1077. Plastic cap for squeezable sport water bottle. Sec. 1078. Single wrapped cutlery joined by a skewer. Sec. 1079. Set of plastic cutlery wrapped in paper. Sec. 1080. 98 percent polypropylene dispos-able cutlery. 
Sec. 1081. Plastic pet crate pan. Sec. 1082. Plastic ornamentation for aquar-iums. Sec. 1083. Boxing and mixed martial arts gloves of plastic. Sec. 1084. Plastic handles for coolers. Sec. 1085. Belting for machinery containing textile components. Sec. 1086. Plastic clip fasteners. Sec. 1087. Golf bag component top bottom divider. Sec. 1090. Quick Clamps. Sec. 1091. Certain plastic smartphone cases. Sec. 1092. Plastic reusable freezer packs. Sec. 1093. Three-way camera mounts. Sec. 1094. Head straps and quickclips for cameras. Sec. 1095. Buoyant pistol grip camera mounts. Sec. 1096. Suction cup camera mounts. Sec. 1097. Camera mounts designed to hold 2 cameras. Sec. 1098. Frame mounts for cameras. Sec. 1099. Large tube mounts for cameras. Sec. 1100. Circular adhesive mounts for cameras. Sec. 1101. Plastic screen protectors for cameras. Sec. 1102. Replacement door housings for cameras. Sec. 1103. Replacement camera doors. Sec. 1104. Seatpost camera mounts. Sec. 1105. Adhesive camera mounts. Sec. 1106. Camera surfboard mounts. Sec. 1107. Camera tethers. Sec. 1108. Flexible camera mountings with-out clamps. Sec. 1109. Assorted plastic camera mounts. Sec. 1110. Camera mounts for musical in-struments. Sec. 1111. Conveyor belting of vulcanized rubber. Sec. 1112. Automotive gaskets, washers, and other seals. Sec. 1114. Camera flotation devices. Sec. 1115. Small camera floatation devices. Sec. 1116. Certain high-quality bull hides. Sec. 1117. Life jackets for pets. Sec. 1118. Collapsible insulated food and beverage bags. Sec. 1119. Doll diaper bags. Sec. 1121. Doll carriers with windows. Sec. 1122. Doll carriers without windows. Sec. 1123. Nonwoven polypropylene bags. Sec. 1124. Novelty backpacks with decora-tive plastic shells in the shape of a shield. Sec. 1125. Novelty backpacks with decora-tive plastic shells in the shape of animals. Sec. 1126. Other novelty backpacks with decorative plastic shells. Sec. 1127. Backpacks with removable pouches. Sec. 1128. Binocular carrying cases, valued $20 or over. Sec. 1129. Bags designed for janitorial carts. Sec. 1130. Sets of 5 drawstring bags. Sec. 1131. Certain cases for electronic games or accessories. Sec. 1132. Plastic pet carriers. Sec. 1133. Camera dive housings. Sec. 1134. Camera wrist housings. Sec. 1136. Camera housings for waterproof operation not below 40m. Sec. 1137. Skeleton camera housings. Sec. 1138. Opaque camera housings. Sec. 1140. Batting gloves of leather. Sec. 1141. Leather gloves with flip mitts for hunting. Sec. 1142. Boxing and mixed martial arts gloves of leather. Sec. 1143. Leather gloves with fourchettes. Sec. 1144. Leather gloves without fourchettes. Sec. 1145. Men’s leather gloves valued at $18 or more per pair. Sec. 1148. Woven bamboo products. Sec. 1149. Woven wood products. Sec. 1151. Cashmere, not carded or combed. Sec. 1152. Camel hair, not carded or combed. Sec. 1153. Camel hair. Sec. 1154. Noils of camel hair. Sec. 1155. Cashmere, carded or combed. Sec. 1156. Camel hair, carded or combed. Sec. 1157. Yarn of carded cashmere, with a yarn count of 19.35 metric or higher. Sec. 1158. Yarn of carded cashmere, with a yarn count of less than 19.35 metric. Sec. 1159. Yarn of carded camel hair. Sec. 1160. Yarn of combed cashmere or yarn of camel hair. Sec. 1161. Woven fabric of carded vicuna hair of a weight not exceeding 300 g/m2. Sec. 1162. Woven fabric of carded vicuna hair of a weight exceeding 300 g/m2. Sec. 1163. Woven fabric of combed vicuna hair of a weight not exceeding 200 g/m2. Sec. 1164. Woven fabric of combed vicuna hair of a weight exceeding 200 g/m2. Sec. 1165. Production roll bleached woven cotton gauze. Sec. 1166. Bleached pique fabric. Sec. 1167. Dyed pique fabric. Sec. 1168. 50D nylon. Sec. 1169. Untwisted filament polyvinyl al-cohol yarn. Sec. 1170. Grilon yarn. Sec. 1171. High tenacity single rayon yarn with a decitex equal to or greater than 1,000. Sec. 1172. High tenacity single rayon yarn with a decitex less than 1,000. Sec. 1173. High tenacity multiple or cabled rayon yarn. Sec. 1174. Single yarn of viscose rayon. Sec. 1175. Twisted yarn of viscose rayon. Sec. 1176. Polypropylene (PP) monofilament. Sec. 1178. 80D nylon. Sec. 1179. Elastic, water-repellent woven polyester fabric. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00236 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.023 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H411 January 16, 2018 
Sec. 1180. Acrylic fiber tow with an average decitex of between 2 and 5. Sec. 1181. Acrylic filament tow with an av-erage decitex of 2.2. Sec. 1182. Acrylic fiber tow with an average decitex of 3.3. Sec. 1183. Polyacrylonitrile tow with an av-erage decitex of 2.75. Sec. 1184. Polyacrylonitrile tow with an av-erage decitex of 3.3. Sec. 1185. Acrylic filament tow with a decitex of 5.0 to 5.6. Sec. 1186. Acrylic filament tow with a decitex of 3.3. Sec. 1187. Acrylic or modacrylic staple fi-bers, not processed. Sec. 1188. Modacrylic staple fibers with an average decitex of 2.2 and a fiber length of 38mm. Sec. 1189. Modacrylic staple fibers with an average dexitex of 2.2 and a fiber length of 51mm. Sec. 1190. Modacrylic staple fibers with an average decitex of 1.7 and a fiber length of 51mm. Sec. 1191. Acrylic staple fibers with a fiber length of 38mm. Sec. 1192. Acrylic staple fibers with a fiber length of 40mm. Sec. 1193. Synthetic staple fibers not proc-essed for spinning. Sec. 1194. Acrylic staple fibers with a fiber length between 40 and 47.5mm and a solar re-flectance index less than 10. Sec. 1195. Acrylic staple fibers with a fiber length between 40 and 47.5mm and a solar re-flectance index between 10 and 30. Sec. 1196. Acrylic staple fibers with a fiber length between 40 and 47.5 mm and a solar reflectance index greater than 30. Sec. 1197. Acrylic staple fibers with a fiber length between 48 and 60mm and a solar re-flectance index less than 10. Sec. 1198. Acrylic staple fibers with a fiber length between 48 and 60mm and a solar re-flectance index between 10 and 30. Sec. 1199. Acrylic staple fibers with a fiber length between 48 and 60mm and a solar re-flectance index greater than 30. Sec. 1200. Modacrylic staple fiber with a decitex of 1.7 and a fiber length of 38mm. Sec. 1201. Acrylic staple fibers not proc-essed for spinning. Sec. 1202. Modified acrylic flame retardant staple fiber with a decitex of 2.7. Sec. 1203. Modified acrylic flame retardant staple fiber with a decitex of 3.9. Sec. 1204. Acrylic fiber staple, dyed. Sec. 1205. Flame retardant rayon fiber. Sec. 1206. Cellulosic man-made viscose rayon staple fiber. Sec. 1207. Cellulosic man-made shortcut viscose rayon fiber. Sec. 1208. Flame resistant staple fibers of viscose rayon. Sec. 1209. Rayon staple fibers for use in goods of heading 9619. Sec. 1210. Flame retardant viscose rayon staple fiber with a decitex of 4.7 and a length of 60mm. Sec. 1211. Flame retardant viscose rayon staple fiber with a decitex of 3.3 and a length of 60mm. Sec. 1212. Flame retardant viscose rayon staple fiber with a decitex of 5.0 and a length of 60mm. Sec. 1213. Flame retardant viscose rayon staple fiber with a decitex of 2.2 and a length of 38mm. Sec. 1214. Viscose rayon staple fiber not processed for spinning. Sec. 1215. Reduced flammability lyocell fiber. Sec. 1216. Acrylic staple fiber. Sec. 1217. Acrylic or modacrylic staple fi-bers processed and with a decitex of 2.75 to 3.3. Sec. 1218. Acrylic or modacrylic staple fi-bers processed and with a decitex of 11.0. Sec. 1219. Acrylic or modacrylic staple fi-bers processed and with a decitex of 5.0 to 5.6. Sec. 1220. Rayon top. Sec. 1221. Woven fabrics of certain sythetic fibers. Sec. 1222. Heavy weight fabric of modal/ cotton blend. Sec. 1223. Hand-tufted wool carpets. Sec. 1224. Heat exchange capillary mate-rial. Sec. 1225. Men’s shirts incorporating snaps used to attach a heart rate monitor. Sec. 1226. Tank tops incorporating snaps used to attach a heart rate monitor. Sec. 1227. Women’s or girls’ man-made fiber knit vests. Sec. 1228. Vests incorporating snaps used to attach a heart rate monitor. Sec. 1229. Men’s or boys’ silk knit pullovers and cardigans. Sec. 1230. Men’s or boys’ linen knit sweat-ers. Sec. 1231. Girls’ cotton knit coveralls or jumpsuits. Sec. 1232. Neoprene wading socks. Sec. 1233. Neoprene guard socks. Sec. 1234. Training gloves. Sec. 1235. Insulated handmuffs of knit poly-ester. Sec. 1236. Boys’ man-made fiber woven coats. Sec. 1237. Men’s or boys’ cotton woven cor-duroy jackets. Sec. 1238. Boys’ man-made fiber woven 
jackets. Sec. 1239. Women’s or girls’ wool padded sleeveless jackets. Sec. 1240. Girls’ man-made fiber woven jackets containing wool. Sec. 1244. Men’s or boys’ man-made woven sleepwear separates. Sec. 1245. Babies’ artificial fibers woven trousers. Sec. 1246. Babies’ linen woven garments. Sec. 1247. Women’s sports bras incor-porating snaps used to attach a heart rate monitor. Sec. 1249. Batting gloves. Sec. 1250. Mechanics’ work gloves with fourchettes. Sec. 1251. Fishing wader pocket pouches. Sec. 1252. Nylon wool packs. Sec. 1254. Brake segments. Sec. 1255. Collapsible, stackable poly-propylene fabric bins. Sec. 1256. Certain neoprene smartphone cases with armband. Sec. 1257. Portable, foldable bowls for pets. Sec. 1258. Bee nets. Sec. 1259. Camera chest harnesses. Sec. 1260. Helmet camera mounts. Sec. 1261. Textile ice bags. Sec. 1262. Camera wrist strap mounts. Sec. 1263. Certified color swatches with pinked edges. Sec. 1264. Sports footwear for men, valued over $12 per pair. Sec. 1265. Sports footwear for women, val-ued over $12 per pair. Sec. 1266. Men’s oil and slip resistant outsole work footwear. Sec. 1272. Polyurethane-injected boots for fishing waders. Sec. 1273. Men’s waterproof shoes with outer soles and uppers of rubber or plastic, valued over $25 per pair. Sec. 1274. Men’s shoes with outer soles and uppers of rubber or plastics, valued over $3 but not over $6.50 per pair. Sec. 1275. Men’s shoes with outer soles and uppers of rubber or plastics, valued over $6.50 but not over $12 per pair. Sec. 1276. Footwear made on a base or plat-form of wood. Sec. 1278. Work footwear for women. Sec. 1279. Work footwear for men. Sec. 1280. Contoured zoris. Sec. 1281. Sideline cheer shoes. Sec. 1289. Competitive cheer shoe. Sec. 1291. Women’s footwear made on a base or platform of wood. Sec. 1293. Men’s and boys’ house slippers with leather uppers. Sec. 1296. Women’s oxford-style composite safety toe footwear. Sec. 1299. Women’s house slippers with leather uppers. Sec. 1302. Competitive cheer shoe with leather uppers. Sec. 1303. Sports and athletic footwear for women. Sec. 1304. Athletic type shoes for boys, girls, and babies. Sec. 1305. Ski boots and snowboard boots. Sec. 1309. Women’s waterproof footwear with uppers of leather or textiles, covering the ankle, valued over $25 per pair. Sec. 1311. Women’s sheepskin footwear. Sec. 1312. Men’s, children’s, and infants’ sheepskin footwear. Sec. 1315. Women’s, children’s, and infants’ sheepskin footwear. Sec. 1316. Women’s sheepskin footwear with uppers of textiles. Sec. 1317. Men’s, children’s, and infants’ sheepskin footwear with uppers of textiles. Sec. 1318. Children’s footwear with uppers of vegetable fibers. Sec. 1319. House slippers with textile up-pers. Sec. 1320. Men’s footwear, covering the ankle but not the knee valued over $24 per pair. Sec. 1325. Novelty house slippers with sound or light. Sec. 1327. Removable footwear neoprene cuffs. Sec. 1328. Removable insoles. Sec. 1336. Babies’ hats of man-made fiber. Sec. 1337. Patio umbrella frame. Sec. 1338. Plastic plants for aquariums and terrariums. Sec. 1339. Plastic plants for aquariums, not glued or bound. Sec. 1340. Polycrystalline Fibers. Sec. 1341. Catalytic converter needled blan-ket mats with a thickness of 10 mm or more and not over 3 percent of binder. Sec. 1342. Catalytic converter blanket mats with a thickness between 5 mm and 9.9 mm and not over 3 percent of binder. Sec. 1343. Catalytic converter needled blan-ket mats with a thickness between 5 mm and 9.9 mm and between 3 and 7 percent of bind-er. Sec. 1344. Catalytic converter needled blan-ket mats with a thickness of 10 mm or more and between 3 and 7 percent binder. Sec. 1346. Glass beads from 3 to 6 mm in di-ameter. Sec. 1347. Polished wired glass in rectan-gular sheets. Sec. 1348. Meniscus-shaped drawn glass-ce-ramic discs. Sec. 1349. Tempered glass cookware covers. Sec. 1350. Transparent glass-ceramic cookware. Sec. 1351. Opaque glass-ceramic cookware. Sec. 1352. Novelty designed drink coasters. Sec. 1353. Blown glass vases measuring be-tween 15.2 cm and 20.4 cm tall. Sec. 1354. Blown glass vases measuring be-tween 20.4 cm and 25.4 cm tall. Sec. 1355. Glassware used for indoor decor. Sec. 1356. Chopped strands of glass. Sec. 1357. Slivers of glass. Sec. 1358. Liquid-filled glass bulbs. Sec. 1359. Silver wire. Sec. 1360. Strips consisting of silver and tin. Sec. 1361. Gauzes made of precious metal. Sec. 1362. Strips consisting of silver, cop-per, and zinc. Sec. 1363. Pins and metal inserts, valued at $0.20 each or less. 
Sec. 1364. Ferroboron. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00237 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.024 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH412 January 16, 2018 
Sec. 1365. Screw anchors. Sec. 1367. Stainless steel handles for cookware. Sec. 1368. Vacuum steel hinged lid pitchers not exceeding 1L. Sec. 1371. Metal wire cages for pets other than dogs. Sec. 1375. Side press wringer handles. Sec. 1376. Riser specialty joints. Sec. 1377. Isosceles triangle wire. Sec. 1378. Nickel alloy wire. Sec. 1379. Aluminum mountings. Sec. 1380. Zinc punches. Sec. 1381. Sintered tungsten bar. Sec. 1382. Gallium unwrought in solid form. Sec. 1383. Germanium unwrought in ingot form. Sec. 1384. Germanium purified metal ingots. Sec. 1385. Gear driven one-handed pruners. Sec. 1386. Non-circular gear driven two- handed pruning shears. Sec. 1387. Swivel head grass shears. Sec. 1388. Tweezers. Sec. 1389. Rotary cutting hand tools. Sec. 1390. Hand tools for applying plastic clip fasteners. Sec. 1391. Four-inch bench vises. Sec. 1392. Five-inch bench vises. Sec. 1393. Six-inch bench vises. Sec. 1394. Fixed carbide cutter and roller cone drill bits. Sec. 1395. Fixed diamond cutter and roller cone drill bits. Sec. 1396. Steel liner insulated coffee serv-ers. Sec. 1397. Vacuum steel lined coffee servers with lids. Sec. 1398. Vacuum steel insulated coffee servers with bases. Sec. 1399. Full tang knives. Sec. 1400. Pet grooming scissors. Sec. 1401. Scissors, valued over $1.75 per dozen. Sec. 1402. Nail clippers for pets. Sec. 1403. Nail clippers, nail nippers, and nail files. Sec. 1404. Manicure and pedicure sets. Sec. 1405. Padlocks of base metal imported in bulk. Sec. 1406. Manual door closers. Sec. 1407. Antitheft steel cases with digital locks. Sec. 1408. Recovery boiler economizers. Sec. 1409. Steam turbines with an output between 60 MW and 120 MW. Sec. 1410. Steam turbines with an output between 27 MW and 40 MW. Sec. 1411. Used compression-ignition inter-nal combustion engines. Sec. 1412. Engine blocks. Sec. 1413. High silicon molybdenum ex-haust manifolds. Sec. 1414. Connecting rods. Sec. 1415. Crankcases. Sec. 1416. Cylinder heads. Sec. 1417. Pistons. Sec. 1418. Fuel pump assemblies. Sec. 1419. High pressure pumps. Sec. 1420. Used fuel pumps. Sec. 1421. Fuel transfer pumps. Sec. 1422. Fuel pumps. Sec. 1424. Exhaust fans for permanent in-stallation. Sec. 1425. Exhaust fans for permanent in-stallation. Sec. 1426. Blower subassemblies incor-porated into fans. Sec. 1427. Range hoods. Sec. 1428. Pre-assembled pedestal fan col-umn assemblies. Sec. 1429. Grilles for exhaust fans. Sec. 1430. Certain portable air conditioners. Sec. 1431. Portable air conditioners. Sec. 1432. Self-contained portable air con-ditioners. Sec. 1433. Pressure distillation columns. Sec. 1434. Shell and tube oil coolers. Sec. 1435. Mobile sprinklers. Sec. 1436. Flexographic printers with print speed less than 184 meters per minute. Sec. 1437. Flexographic printing machin-ery. Sec. 1438. Shuttleless rapier power looms to weave fabrics. Sec. 1439. Shuttleless, jet type power looms to weave fabrics. Sec. 1440. Miter saws with cut-off. Sec. 1441. Table saws. Sec. 1442. Certain benchtop band saws. Sec. 1443. Certain stationary band saws. Sec. 1444. Certain titling arbor table saws. Sec. 1445. Certain table saws with 10 inch (25.4 centimeter) blade. Sec. 1446. Compound miter saw, 10 inch, without laser. Sec. 1447. Drill presses. Sec. 1448. Electrical rotary drill, hammer and chiseling tools. Sec. 1449. Tire assembly machines (TAM). Sec. 1450. Catty whack. Sec. 1451. Fly by spinner toys. Sec. 1452. Vehicle stability control actu-ator assemblies. Sec. 1453. Hydraulic subsea jumper connec-tors. Sec. 1454. Bird in a cage. Sec. 1455. Mouse in a pouch. Sec. 1456. Telescope mirror segment sup-port assemblies. Sec. 1457. Segmented compression molds of more than 25-inch rim diameter. Sec. 1458. Valve-type fuel injectors. Sec. 1459. Dosing module injectors. Sec. 1460. Regulator valves. Sec. 1461. Fuel injectors. Sec. 1462. Subsea flow modules. Sec. 1463. Crankshafts. Sec. 1464. Used camshafts and crankshafts for diesel engines. Sec. 1465. Crankshafts for engines with cyl-inder capacity exceeding 19,000 cubic centi-meters. Sec. 1466. Crankshaft bearings. Sec. 1467. Used transmissions. Sec. 1468. Flexplates for engines with cyl-inder capacity between 6,000 and 20,000 cubic centimeters. Sec. 1469. Flexplates for engines with cyl-inder capacity between 1,000 and 5,900 cubic centimeters. Sec. 1470. Ring gears. Sec. 1471. Electromechanical rotational ac-tuator assemblies. Sec. 1472. Power back door actuator assem-blies. Sec. 1473. Direct current pump motors. Sec. 1474. Motor assemblies for electric box fans with output between 37.5 watts and 74.6 watts. Sec. 1475. Motor assemblies for oscillating fans with output between 37.5 watts and 72 watts. Sec. 1477. Motor assemblies for air circulator electric fans. Sec. 1479. Alternating current multiphase submersible pump motors with output be-tween 3 kilowatts and 14.92 kilowatts. Sec. 1480. Alternating current multiphase submersible pump motors with output be-tween 149.2 kilowatts and 150 kilowatts. Sec. 1481. Alternating current generators for exercise equipment. Sec. 1482. Electric generating sets with 
natural gas engines. Sec. 1483. Stator and rotor core lamina-tions. Sec. 1484. Universal serial bus (USB) auto chargers. Sec. 1485. Fuel shutoff solenoids. Sec. 1486. Lithium polymer rechargeable batteries. Sec. 1487. Annular shaped lithium thionyl chloride (LTC) batteries. Sec. 1488. Cylindrical shaped lithium thionyl chloride (LTC) batteries. Sec. 1489. Electric burr coffee grinders. Sec. 1490. Electric food spiralizing appli-ances. Sec. 1491. Electric cylindrical coffee grind-ers. Sec. 1492. Electromechanical knives. Sec. 1493. Automatic litterboxes. Sec. 1494. Automatic food feeders for dogs and cats. Sec. 1495. Automatic pet waterers for dogs and cats. Sec. 1496. Automatic fish feeders. Sec. 1498. Handheld electric can openers. Sec. 1499. Food beaters designed to attach to handheld mixers. Sec. 1500. Dough hooks designed to attach to handheld mixers. Sec. 1501. Electrothermic bowls for food stand mixers. Sec. 1502. Metal bowls for use with food stand mixers with capacity of more than 4.7 liters and not more than 8.6 liters. Sec. 1503. Metal bowls for use with food stand mixers with capacity of more than 3.3 liters and not more than 4.8 liters. Sec. 1504. Used starters. Sec. 1505. Alternators. Sec. 1506. Used alternators. Sec. 1507. Parking sensors, signaling equip-ment. Sec. 1508. Bulb heaters with or without a fan. Sec. 1509. Heater fan lights for permanent installation. Sec. 1510. Wall heaters. Sec. 1512. Electric steam irons. Sec. 1513. Microwave hoods with a plastic handle. Sec. 1514. Microwave hoods with a metal handle. Sec. 1515. Microwave hoods with 53 to 55 liter capacity. Sec. 1516. Microwave hoods with 58 to 60 liter capacity. Sec. 1517. Microwave hoods with 58 to 60 liter capacity and large turntable plates. Sec. 1518. Microwave hoods with 53 to 55 liter capacity and large turntable plates. Sec. 1519. Microwave hoods with 56 to 58 liter capacity. Sec. 1520. Microwave hoods with rectan-gular plate. Sec. 1522. Multifunction grills. Sec. 1523. Electric sandwich grillers. Sec. 1524. Automatic drip coffee makers. Sec. 1525. Automatic pour over coffee mak-ers. Sec. 1526. Automatic siphon coffee makers. Sec. 1527. Automatic glass tea kettles. Sec. 1528. Single serving capsule coffee makers. Sec. 1530. Front-loading coffee makers. Sec. 1531. Carafe-less coffee makers. Sec. 1532. Built-in coffee machines. Sec. 1533. Toaster ovens with a pop-up toaster feature. Sec. 1534. Automatic painted metal hot water kettles. Sec. 1535. Automatic cylindrical metal hot water kettles. Sec. 1539. Electric breakfast sandwich makers. Sec. 1540. Electric multi-cookers. Sec. 1541. Programmable slow cookers with thermometer probe. Sec. 1542. Electric pressure cookers rated more than 1000 watts but not more than 1200 watts. Sec. 1543. Electric rice cookers. Sec. 1544. Electric pressure cookers rated more than 1200 watts but not more than 1400 watts. Sec. 1545. Electric pressure cookers rated more than 800 watts but not more than 1000 watts. Sec. 1546. Electric oil popcorn poppers and tumblers. Sec. 1547. Candle warmers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00238 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.025 H16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H413 January 16, 2018 
Sec. 1548. Garment steamers. Sec. 1549. Vacuum steel insulated coffee ca-rafes. Sec. 1550. Steel vacuum pitchers with plas-tic hinged lid. Sec. 1551. Flat panel liquid crystal display (LCD) televisions for exercise equipment. Sec. 1552. Ground fault circuit interrupters rated at 15 amps. Sec. 1553. Ground fault circuit interrupters rated at 20 amps. Sec. 1554. Arc fault circuit interrupters or dual function arc fault and ground fault cir-cuit interrupters. Sec. 1555. Lamp-holder housings of por-celain. Sec. 1556. Chassis or shelving containing backplane. Sec. 1557. Printed board assemblies for cir-cuit breakers. Sec. 1558. Lamps containing deuterium gas without radio-frequency identification (RFID). Sec. 1559. Lamps containing deuterium gas with radio-frequency identification (RFID). Sec. 1560. Cathode-ray tubes. Sec. 1561. Mirror segment controller sen-sors. Sec. 1562. Insulated electric conductors. Sec. 1563. Mitsubishi Fuso eCanter trucks. Sec. 1564. Electric commercial vehicles. Sec. 1565. Cabs and bodies for electric vehi-cles. Sec. 1566. Used gear boxes for certain vehi-cles for the transportation of goods. Sec. 1567. Gear boxes. Sec. 1568. Used gear boxes for certain other vehicles. Sec. 1569. Differentials. Sec. 1570. Suspension system stabilizer bars. Sec. 1571. Mufflers and exhaust pipes and parts thereof. Sec. 1572. Stand-up bicycles. Sec. 1573. Elliptical cycles. Sec. 1574. Unicycles. Sec. 1575. Bicycle disc brakes. Sec. 1576. Zee cages. Sec. 1577. Bicycle wide angle reflectors. Sec. 1578. Baby strollers. Sec. 1579. Baby stroller systems. Sec. 1580. Projection lenses with a focal length of 1.13 meters or more but not over 36.94 meters. Sec. 1581. Projection lenses with a focal length of 19.68 millimeters or more but not over 132 millimeters. Sec. 1582. Swim goggles. Sec. 1583. Projection screens. Sec. 1584. Liquid crystal display (LCD) tel-evision panel assemblies with a video display diagonal measuring not over 58.42 centi-meters. Sec. 1585. Liquid crystal display (LCD) tel-evision panel assemblies with a video display diagonal measuring over 58.42 centimeters but not over 78.74 centimeters. Sec. 1586. Liquid crystal display (LCD) tel-evision panel assemblies with a video display diagonal measuring over 78.74 centimeters but not over 81.28 centimeters. Sec. 1587. Liquid crystal display (LCD) tel-evision panel assemblies with a video display diagonal measuring over 81.28 centimeters but not over 99.06 centimeters. Sec. 1588. Liquid crystal display (LCD) tel-evision panel assemblies with a video display diagonal measuring over 99.06 centimeters but not over 101.6 centimeters. Sec. 1589. Liquid crystal display (LCD) tel-evision panel assemblies with a video display diagonal measuring over 101.6 centimeters but not over 124.46 centimeters. Sec. 1590. Liquid crystal display (LCD) tel-evision panel assemblies with a video display diagonal measuring over 124.46 centimeters but not over 137.16 centimeters. Sec. 1591. Liquid crystal display (LCD) tel-evision panel assemblies with a video display diagonal measuring over 137.16 centimeters. Sec. 1592. Optical attenuators. Sec. 1593. Bicycle speedometers. Sec. 1594. Wide-band oscilloscopes. Sec. 1595. Oscilloscopes. Sec. 1596. Multimeters, without recording device, bench top. Sec. 1597. Multimeters, without recording device, handheld. Sec. 1598. PXI multimeters, without re-cording device, module. Sec. 1599. Multimeters. Sec. 1600. Impedance analyzers having a frequency range of 20 hertz to 120 megahertz. Sec. 1601. Electromagnetic interference re-ceivers having a frequency band range of 3 hertz to 44 gigahertz. Sec. 1602. Oscilloscope calibration tools. Sec. 1603. Local area network extensions for instrumentation (LXI) data acquisition and switch units. Sec. 1604. Oscilloscope calibration tools with five channels. Sec. 1605. Signal generators. Sec. 1606. Oscilloscope calibration tools. Sec. 1607. Chiming melody battery oper-ated clock movements. Sec. 1608. Mechanical clock movements. Sec. 1609. Chime melody rod assemblies. Sec. 1610. Pillows, cushions, and similar furnishings of cotton. Sec. 1611. Pillows, cushions, and similar furnishings of material other than cotton. Sec. 1612. Light emitting diode (LED) hanging lamps with total internal reflection. Sec. 1613. Light emitting diode (LED) lamps, mounting options, bases, clamps, and mounts. Sec. 1614. Electric table or desk light emit-ting diode (LED) task lamps with ball joints. Sec. 1615. Light emitting diode (LED) task lamps that reflect light from LED. Sec. 1616. Light emitting diode (LED) mo-tion activated security lanterns. Sec. 1617. Exterior emergency lights. Sec. 1618. Wing illumination lights. Sec. 1619. Lantern globes of extruded borosilicate glass. Sec. 1623. Golf club driver heads with a loft under 9.5 degrees. Sec. 1627. Golf club iron heads of 6–Irons and 7–Irons. Sec. 1628. Golf club iron heads of 8–Irons and 9–Irons. Sec. 1630. Golf club putter heads. Sec. 1632. Tennis racket frames, unstrung. Sec. 1633. Racquetball rackets. Sec. 1634. Squash rackets. Sec. 1635. Volleyballs. Sec. 1637. Leather basketballs. Sec. 1639. Racquetballs. Sec. 1640. Bluetooth enabled fitness equip-ment. Sec. 1641. Certain fitness equipment, tread climbers. Sec. 1642. Fitness equipment incorporating several modalities. 
Sec. 1644. Bluetooth enabled multimodality fitness equipment. Sec. 1645. Speed bags and related equip-ment. Sec. 1646. Exercise cycles. Sec. 1647. Certain bluetooth enabled adjust-able dumbbells. Sec. 1648. Certain adjustable dumbbells with rotating single handle grips. Sec. 1649. Bluetooth enabled multimodality fitness equipment. Sec. 1650. Certain adjustable dumbbells with rotating end dials. Sec. 1652. Athletic mouth guards. Sec. 1653. Boxing and mixed martial arts (MMA) protective equipment. Sec. 1654. Fishing rods, 1–piece, of fiber-glass and graphite. Sec. 1655. Fishing reels valued more than $2.70 but not more than $8.45, pre-spooled, with rod. Sec. 1658. Eyelash curlers. Sec. 1659. Vacuum glass lined steel coffee servers over 2 liters. Sec. 1660. Vacuum glass coffee servers with top lever action. Sec. 1661. Vacuum glass lined coffee servers with sight gauge. Sec. 1662. Vacuum steel lined coffee servers with sight gauge. Sec. 1663. Tripod camera mounts. O
FFERED BYMR. FRELINGHUYSEN  H.J. Res. 125, making further continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2018, and for other purposes, does not contain any con-gressional earmark, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. O
FFERED BYMR. GOODLATTE  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Judiciary in H.R. 4712 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff bene-fits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00239 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.026 H16JAPT1
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S173 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JANUARY 16, 2018 No. 9 
Senate 
The Senate met at 4:30 p.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal God, the fountain of wisdom, as our lawmakers do the work of free-dom, give them the assurance of Your provisions and prevailing presence. Re-mind them of Your promise to never leave or forsake Your people. Nourish our Senators this day with spiritual truths and moral qualities that will make our Nation strong and good. Lord, surround our legislators and their loved ones with the shield of Your Divine favor, being for them a shade by day and a defense by night. And, Lord, in this land we love, draw together the diverse men and women from every race, creed, and culture, forging us into a united force for good. Empower us to accomplish Your pur-poses on Earth, as we remember that words matter and that out of the abun-dance of the heart, the mouth speaks. We pray in Your merciful Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The majority leader is recognized. 
f 
FUNDING THE GOVERNMENT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, as we all know, Congress has until Friday to reach an agreement that ensures continuous funding for the Federal Government. There is too much at stake for Republicans and Democrats not to come together, particularly while serious bipartisan conversations are underway on shared priorities, such as rebuilding our military, fixing our broken immigration policy, and other issues. Now that a Federal judge has issued a nationwide injunction preventing the administration from winding down the Obama administration’s DACA Pro-gram, it is clear that Congress has at least until March, at a minimum and possibly even longer, to reach a com-promise that resolves the DACA ques-tion but also strengthens our security and makes other needed reforms to our broken immigration system. With no imminent deadline on immigration and with bipartisan talks well underway, there is no reason why Congress should hold government funding hostage over the issue of illegal immigration. I am confident that Senators on both sides of the aisle will choose to avoid a manufactured crisis, reach a bipartisan funding agreement in the coming days, and then continue our negotiations in these important areas. f 
FISA Mr. M
CCONNELL. Now, on another matter, later this afternoon the Senate will vote to advance reauthorization of title VII of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act. This includes section 702, one of the most important tools that our warfighters and intelligence professionals use to wage the war on terror and to keep Americans safe. It allows the United States to collect communications from foreign terror-ists who wish harm on America and our allies. To be clear, it does not permit the targeting of American citizens any-where in the world. Let me repeat that. Section 702 does not allow the tar-geting of American citizens, nor does it permit the targeting of anyone of any nationality who is known to be located here in the United States. With respect to foreigners on foreign soil, 702 gives the men and women who keep us safe the vital tools they need to fulfill their missions. Five years ago, Congress reauthor-ized the title with overwhelming bipar-tisan support. It is imperative that we do so once again. The world remains dangerous. Al-Qaida, ISIL, and associ-ated terror groups are still intent on harming our people and those working with us overseas. Yet with each day that passes since the Nation was attacked on September 11, 2001, it seems that concern over ter-rorism has waned. This is in part due to the success of our defense and intel-ligence community in preventing an-other major attack. They rely upon section 702 to accomplish that mission. I look forward to renewing the bipar-tisan consensus on this issue and reau-thorizing this important provision as the Senate votes later this week. f 
TAX REFORM Mr. M
CCONNELL. Now, on a final matter, in the wake of last month’s historic tax reform legislation, the news is filled with stories of economic optimism and increasing prosperity for workers and middle-class families. In fact, I am proud to announce that earlier today I spoke with the leader-ship of Humana, which employs more than 12,000 people in my home State of Kentucky. Yesterday they notified their staff that they will be accel-erating pay incentives for associates and raising the minimum hourly wages for both part-time and full-time em-ployees—all thanks to tax reform. For these Kentucky workers, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will mean more money in their paychecks. Just last week, the international automaker Fiat Chrysler announced that it will invest 1 billion new dollars 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA6.000 S16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES174 January 16, 2018 
in the Warren Truck Assembly Plant just outside of Detroit. The production line for Ram heavy-duty trucks is leav-ing Mexico and coming back to Amer-ica. This will create 2,500 new jobs and inject relief right into the local econ-omy. According to officials who an-nounced the change, all this is only happening because tax reform is re-making the business climate in our country. Besides the revival in manufacturing, Fiat Chrysler announced a new wave of $2,000 bonuses for 60,000 hourly and sal-aried employees. They will join a grow-ing list of more than 150 companies that have announced plans to dis-tribute significant bonuses, permanent pay raises, more generous retirement contributions, or other benefits to their employees, all thanks to tax re-form. Prior to tax reform, companies that wanted to manufacture goods in Amer-ica and hire American employees faced the highest statutory corporate tax rate in the developed world. American workers were ready to clock in, but our outdated burdensome Tax Code told po-tential investors to move along and find somewhere else to set up shop. Those days are over, thanks to the President and Republican majorities in the House and Senate that voted to modernize our Tax Code. Now we are the ones with a competi-tive advantage. The Wall Street Jour-nal’s editorial board believes that our tax reform will benefit investment in the United States ‘‘at the expense of high-tax countries such as Germany.’’ The Journal also reports that China ‘‘fears the tax changes could make the U.S. a more attractive place to do busi-ness.’’ That is China. It is becoming clear that these fears are entirely jus-tified, and it is good news for families and workers in Kentucky and all across America. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. J
OHNSON ). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
RAPID DNA ACT OF 2017 The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of the House mes-sage to accompany S. 139, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: House message to accompany S. 139, a bill to implement the use of Rapid DNA instru-ments to inform decisions about pretrial re-lease or detention and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, and for other pur-poses. 
Pending: 
McConnell motion to concur in the amend-ment of the House to the bill. McConnell motion to concur in the amend-ment of the House to the bill, with McCon-nell amendment No. 1870 (to the House amendment to the bill), to change the enact-ment date. McConnell amendment No. 1871 (to amend-ment No. 1870), of a perfecting nature. McConnell motion to refer the message of the House on the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary, with instructions, McConnell amendment No. 1872, to change the enact-ment date. McConnell amendment No. 1873 (to (the in-structions) amendment No. 1872), of a per-fecting nature. McConnell amendment No. 1874 (to amend-ment No. 1873), of a perfecting nature. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
NET NEUTRALITY  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, first, on the topic of net neutrality, since the administration’s FCC voted to end net neutrality in December, Democrats have been working hard to round up enough Senators to overrule the FCC’s decision, which places control of the internet in the hands of the biggest corporations. Today we reached a milestone: 50 Senators will support Senator M
AR-
KEY’s resolution of disapproval. All 49 Democrats have signed on to cospon-sor, and my friend from Maine, Senator C
OLLINS , has also said she will support it. With our full caucus supporting the measure, it is clear that Democrats want to keep the internet from becom-ing a Wild West where ISPs are free to offer premium service to the wealthiest customers while average consumers are left with far inferior options. When we force a vote on this bill, Re-publicans in Congress will, for the first time, have the opportunity to right the administration’s wrong and show the American people whose side they are on. Are they on the side of big internet service providers and corporations, or are they on the side of consumers, en-trepreneurs, startups, and small busi-ness owners? I applaud Senator C
OLLINS for sup-porting this effort and hope sincerely that more of her colleagues will do the same. Given how quickly this measure has earned the support of 50 Senators, I believe we have a real chance of suc-cess in restoring net neutrality and keeping the internet open and free for all Americans. Mr. President, another pressing issue before us this week is FISA and the 702 program. The majority leader is press-ing forward on a 6-year bill to reau-thorize the 702 FISA Court program. This is a significant bill, but right now the majority leader is pushing for its passage without debate or amend-ments. That is the wrong approach. Many of my colleagues would like to offer amendments on this legislation and, frankly, they deserve that right. Personally, I believe that while the bill makes some improvements to the 702 FISA program, it should go somewhat further. We could do a better job bal-ancing the crucial national security imperatives of the program with legiti-mate concerns about privacy and pro-tecting the rights of American citizens. Clearly, the bill on the calendar is better than the status quo, and it is certainly better than no bill at all, but that is not the choice before us. The majority leader can open up the bill for limited debate and a few amendments, not to delay but so we can have some amendments and try to improve it. For that reason, I will be voting no on the upcoming cloture motion. If clo-ture is not invoked, we can move quickly to an amendment process where Senators from both parties could offer ideas to improve the bill. That is what we ought to do, especially on a bill on the most sensitive area of the government, where security and liberty meet, and that will stand for 6 years. That is too quick for too much. We ought to have some amendments and some discussion. DACA  
Mr. President, the fate of the Dream-ers has been the subject of months of intense bipartisan, bicameral negotia-tions. Last week, a bipartisan group of Senators went to the White House with an agreement that represents the best path forward. Senators G
RAHAM and D
URBIN , alongside Senators G ARDNER , M
ENENDEZ , FLAKE , and B ENNET , worked out a compromise that fits squarely in-side the four corners President Trump outlined as the parameters of a deal in a televised meeting last Tuesday. In exchange for passing DACA protec-tions, the Gang of 6 deal includes Presi-dent Trump’s full budget request for border security, including funding to build barriers along the southern bor-der. It deals with family reunification within the scope of the negotiations— foreclosing the possibility of Dreamers sponsoring their parents for citizen-ship. The deal would also curb the di-versity lobbying system—another item President Trump requested. The full details of the proposal will be an-nounced tomorrow, but those are the broad strokes, as I understand them. The concessions in the bill are tough pills to swallow for Democrats. It is not the bill we would have written if we were in charge, but that is not the situation we find ourselves in. To make this body work—to avoid a shutdown— we must compromise. So Democrats tried, in good faith, to meet the Presi-dent and our Republican colleagues halfway—to find a deal that neither 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JA6.002 S16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S175 January 16, 2018 
side loved but both sides could live with, and that is what a bipartisan group of Senators achieved. The deal they produced is right down the middle. It addresses the precise issues the President identified as part of a deal. Yet, at the pivotal White House meeting last Thursday, Presi-dent Trump turned his back on this bi-partisan solution and proceeded to use foul and vulgar language to demean Af-rican and Caribbean countries. His well-reported comments were certainly unbefitting the Presidency of the United States. They were beneath the dignity of his office. They went against the very idea of America— which holds up as an unassailable truth that all men are created equal, no mat-ter their station or country of origin, but just as distressing, President Trump’s comments reveal an intran-sigence about coming to a deal for the Dreamers. It seems the President has only two ways of negotiating: Either he commits to a deal one day and then betrays his word the next—which is what happened last year after Leader P
ELOSI and I met President Trump on DACA—or he even dismisses the possi-bility of compromise and says a bipar-tisan deal is that he gets everything he wants. Hundreds of thousands of lives hang in the balance. Funding for our men and women in uniform hangs in the balance. President Trump needs to step up. He can’t just bluster. He can’t just play a game of brinksmanship. He can’t just be obstinate and say: My way or the highway. He needs to be willing to take yes for an answer. A very fair bipartisan deal remains on the table. It is the only game in town, and we are making steady progress on building additional support in both Houses of Congress. If it were put on the floor of the House or Senate, I predict it would get a majority vote in either one. There is a deal to be had this week. The only person blocking it is President Trump. So I have a challenge for President Trump. Everyone is talking about how bigoted your comments were last week. Well, actions speak louder than words. If you want to begin the long road back to prove you are not prejudiced or big-oted, support the bipartisan com-promise that three Democrats and three Republicans have put before you—one that was aimed at meeting the concerns you voiced. Give the Dreamers safety here in America and bolster border security at the same time. This may be the last train leav-ing the station. President Trump needs to get on board. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Vermont. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I find myself in strong agreement with the comments of the senior Senator from New York State. He talked about 702. Let me refer to that a bit. Section 702 is in S. 139, the FISA Amendments Reauthorization Act of 2017. We are going to vote very soon on whether to cut off debate and block any amendments on a fundamen-tally flawed piece of legislation that fails to reform one of our most impor-tant surveillance tools. Section 702 of the FISA Amendments Act was intended to provide for vast and powerful surveillance of foreigners overseas who might do harm to us, and it does, but the fact that it is an effec-tive surveillance tool used against for-eigners abroad is not the concern you will hear about today. Today, you are going to hear concern that Section 702 has also become an un-expected and powerful domestic sur-veillance tool—not one directed at those abroad who might do us harm, but potentially directed at every single American in this room and throughout this country, allowing the government to search for Americans’ emails and other substantive communications without a warrant—the so-called back-door loophole. If we put through here legislation saying- this legislation will allow our government to search all our emails without a warrant, Republicans and Democrats will be jumping up saying: Wait a minute. That violates the Fourth Amendment. Well, the legislation we are voting on today—authored by the Chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, D
EVIN NUNES —contains what his sup-porters portray as a fig leaf of reform, but, in fact, the legislation makes a bad problem even worse. I will oppose cutting off debate on this bill, and I strongly urge my fellow Senators to do the same—not to kill the bill but to afford us, on such a crit-ical surveillance tool, the opportunity to debate the constitutional implica-tions and offer amendments to improve the bill and to protect Americans in every single State in this country. The Majority Leader has provided no such opportunity. He doesn’t want us to offer any amendments—even amend-ments we know could pass with a bi-partisan majority. Senator L
EEand I are filing several amendments to improve this bill, in-cluding our USA Liberty Act. That is a Senate companion to a bill that was re-ported out of the House Judiciary Com-mittee in a strong and very bipartisan vote. Our amendment offers a sensible compromise. It would protect national security—something we all want to do—but it also protects American civil liberties, which I would hope we also want to do. I strongly support a warrant require-ment based on Senator F
EINSTEIN ’s amendment in the Senate Intelligence Committee that would close the back-door loophole. These amendments, and others offered by Senators P
AUL and W
YDEN and others, deserve a vote. And that is what I am asking for today. Senator L
EEand Senator P AUL have spoken so strongly on the problems in this. They ought to be heard. They ought to have a chance to offer amend-ments. Instead, the only bill we are voting on today is the House bill, which fails to comply with the fundamental con-stitutional imperative. I think we can do better in the Senate than to accept a flawed House bill. Do not be deceived by the sham warrant contained in the Nunes bill. Again, that is why we should have a Senate bill that speaks to those things we know as Senators and not the flawed warrant in the Nunes bill. Its exemptions are so large as to render it meaningless. The bill would require a warrant only during the final stage of a criminal investigation and only when the government believes na-tional security or risk to life or bodily harm are not implicated at some unde-fined point in time. In all other cases, and at previous points in an investiga-tion, the government can search for an American’s information in the Section 702 database just as frequently and cas-ually as we might look up football scores on Google. Yet, even if it is completely ineffec-tual, the Nunes bill has a warrant re-quirement. That means the sponsors of this flawed legislation acknowledge that some sort of warrant is required to protect Americans’ privacy. They recognize that a search through a vast database of Americans’ communica-tions can trigger Fourth Amendment protections, at least when it is conven-ient to the government. The problem is, the Constitution doesn’t say: We protect Americans’ rights only if it is convenient to the government. The reason they wrote the Constitution is to make sure every one of us has protections against the gov-ernment. When a Fourth Amendment interest is implicated, the government can eas-ily obtain a warrant. They are going to come search your home. They are going to come search your files. They are going to come and search your pa-pers. They should have to have a war-rant. The Fourth Amendment either applies or it does not. If it does not, then let’s have a constitutional amend-ment and do away with it. Nobody here would vote for that. Even the sponsors of the Nunes bill now agree the Fourth Amendment ap-plies. The only question is whether we have a real warrant requirement or a warrant in name only. Simply calling something a warrant doesn’t make it that. I firmly believe a real warrant re-quirement doesn’t have to put our na-tional security at risk. The reform pro-posals I support contain well-tried ex-emptions for exigent circumstances to allow for emergencies. For these rea-sons and others, I strongly support a warrant requirement to close the back-door loophole. I think my fellow Sen-ators, Republicans and Democrats, ought to be allowed to at least have a vote on it. If they don’t, I would urge my colleagues of the Senate to vote no on invoking cloture on the FISA Amendments Reauthorization Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JA6.003 S16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES176 January 16, 2018 
Section 702 authorities can be tempo-rarily extended as they were in Decem-ber. In fact, the FISA Court’s statu-torily authorized certifications that permit 702 surveillance don’t expire until the end of April. There is no emergency now. We still have the time and the ability to get this right. Let’s protect the Constitution. Let’s protect Americans. The Majority Lead-er should do his part and allow mem-bers of both sides of the aisle who care deeply about this issue to offer amend-ments before any long-term authoriza-tion. I agree Section 702 is an impor-tant tool, but this issue is too impor-tant to rush through without adequate debate. I firmly believe we can both protect our national security and the civil liberties of law-abiding Ameri-cans. This bill clearly falls short, and I will be voting no. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I want to thank Chairman L
EAHY for his excel-lent remarks. Let me simply say, to move forward without amendments surrenders the constitutional obligations Senators have to the American people. This issue is important, it is complicated, and the American people deserve to have an opportunity for some real amendments to make sure that, at the end of the day, we have policies that keep our people safe and protect our liberties. I see my friend from Kentucky. He is joined by his colleague from Utah Sen-ator L
EE, Senator L EAHY , and me. Our bipartisan coalition is dedicated to essentially one mission: We think the country deserves a Senate that is very tough on terrorists. We don’t take a backseat to anybody in terms of fighting terrorists. What we are op-posed to is an end run on our sacred Constitution. Right now, with the changes in com-munication systems around the world and communication systems increas-ingly becoming globally inter-connected, we have more and more law- abiding Americans swept up in searches under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act. We want to fight ter-rorists, but the law allows the govern-ment to target foreigners to acquire foreign intelligence information, which basically means anything related to the conduct of foreign affairs. So let’s talk about who could get swept up in these searches and who the people are whom Senator P
AUL, Sen-ator L
EE, Senator L EAHY , myself, and colleagues on both sides of the aisle sought to protect as law-abiding Amer-icans—we think they ought to have their constitutional rights. The kinds of people who could be swept up in these communications and have their emails or texts or their data searched without a warrant—it could be Amer-ican businesspeople talking to foreign contacts. It could be first-, second-, or third-generation American immigrants talking to family and friends who are still overseas; American journalists covering foreign stories; U.S. service-members talking to foreign friends they made while they were deployed; American teachers and researchers seeking information from foreigners. How many Americans get swept up? We don’t know. And we don’t know— not because of a lack of effort. We have been trying for 6 years to get the gov-ernment to provide even an estimate. On a number of these issues, my con-cern is to ensure that we have both safety and liberty, but we have actu-ally gone backward. In an open hearing of the Intelligence Committee, when the Director of Na-tional Intelligence, Dan Coats—our former colleague—was asked about whether the government could collect, in effect, wholly domestic, personal data here in the United States, we couldn’t even get a straight answer with respect to whether the govern-ment, under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, could collect wholly domestic communications. We couldn’t even get a straight answer to that. What we need is the opportunity to have a real debate. We have a number of amendments that go right to the heart of what these issues are all about, particularly the government conducting repeated, warrantless searches of Americans, even if those Americans aren’t the subject of any in-vestigation, and the government then can read those private communica-tions. Finally, I want to put this whole issue in context. Every year, the CIA and the NSA conduct thousands of warrantless searches of 702 data on Americans, and that is just for con-tent. They conduct tens of thousands of warrantless searches for communica-tion records. The FBI is conducting these searches so frequently that they don’t even count. But this bill might have some marginal effect on only one of those searches. So the House bill is not just fake reform; it is a setback. The last point I would make is that we finally made some headway with re-spect to collection of communications that are neither to nor from a foreign target but are simply about a foreign target. I went after this issue for years, this question of abuse of what is called ‘‘abouts’’ collection. Finally, the gov-ernment realized it was going too far, and they put limits on it. Now it looks as though they want to get back in the business, and the other body—the House—basically creates a path to going back to ‘‘abouts’’ collection, which even the government has admit-ted has been abused. There is an opportunity, if we vote, to allow some amendments, to come up with policies that will allow Americans to look at the Senate and say: We didn’t go backward. We went forward. We protected law-abiding Americans, but we made it clear that we were going to be relentless in our search for terrorists. I know I have a little bit more time, but I see my colleague and partner Senator PAULon the floor. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Kentucky. Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, I rise in opposition to the government listening to your phone calls, reading your emails, or reading your text messages without a warrant. It doesn’t mean the government will never do this, but it means they would have to ask a judge. They would have to ask a judge if they have probable cause that you com-mitted a crime. They would have to name you. They would have to name the information they want. It is called the Fourth Amendment. All Americans deserve the protection of the Fourth Amendment. In fact, I believe it was John Adams who said that James Otis’s argument against blanket warrants, against gen-eralized warrants that they called writs of assistance—he said that the argument James Otis made in the 1760s was the spark that led to the American Revolution. Lincoln is said to have written that any man can stand adversity, but if you want to challenge a man or a woman, give them power. Over almost 1,000 years, the history of Western civilization has been the struggle to contain the power of the monarch, the struggle to contain and maintain the power of the government in every form. From Magna Carta on, it has been the people trying to take power back from either the monarchy or a despotic government. We get to the formation of our government, and Jefferson wrote that the Constitution would be the change, that the govern-ment would be bound up in the change. Patrick Henry wrote that the Con-stitution is meant to restrain the gov-ernment, not the people. It is about trying to restrain government from abusing the power to take our rights. You have a fundamental right to be left alone. Justice Brandeis put it this way. He said that the right most cher-ished among civilized men and women is the right to be left alone. But we know also that the history of those who grab the reins of power, the history of those who take up the man-tle of power is a history of abuse. In World War I, President Wilson ar-rested 10,000 Americans because of their objection to the war. FDR had an enemies’ list that he ac-tually was very vocal about and pub-lished in newspapers. There were 77 people who were his enemies, and he used the IRS to go after them. LBJ illegally spied on Martin Luther King. We just had Martin Luther King Day yesterday. LBJ spied on him ille-gally in all manners and in all forms. They spied on Vietnam war veterans. Nixon had an enemies’ list. You name it—President after Presi-dent has abused this power. President Obama had a fight with the tea party groups. It turns out that if 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JA6.005 S16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S177 January 16, 2018 
you registered as a tea party group, you were given extra scrutiny. And people were denied being allowed to form as a charitable group or political activist group under President Obama because they disagreed with President Obama. We now have a current administra-tion where there have been accusations of people in the FBI having a personal animus against this President and con-spiring and discussing how they could block him. We have had members of the Department of Justice who were married to people doing opposition re-search on President Trump, paid for by the opposition candidate, by Hillary Clinton. Without question, that power has been abused and will always be abused. It was Lord Acton who said that ‘‘power tends to corrupt, and absolute power corrupts absolutely.’’ The his-tory of our country is about trying to restrain the power of government. Realize that we have the ability to collect all of the phone calls in Italy in 1 month. There was a story saying that we did it, that we collected every phone call from Italy. Who gets trapped in that? If you collect every-one’s phone call in Germany or every-one’s phone call in Jordan, who gets caught in that? Many, many innocent, legitimate Americans get caught up in the other end of phone calls because it is not just the phone calls of terrorists, it is everybody’s phone calls. They are all being vacuumed up, and innocent Americans are caught up in that. Senator W
YDEN has been a leader in asking tough questions on the Intel-ligence Committee. Are there commu-nications that are purely between two people in America that somehow get caught up in this database? He has been given a variety of answers on this, but we suspect that Americans talking to Americans in this country are caught up in this database. Should the government be allowed to search this database to prosecute you for not pay-ing your taxes or for a minor mari-juana violation? Absolutely not. Why? Because this information is gathered without a warrant. It is gathered with-out any constitutional protection. As others have said, we actually are OK with a lower standard for gathering foreign intelligence. We acknowledge that the Constitution doesn’t apply to everybody in the world. But if Ameri-cans get caught up in that, Americans deserve the protection of the Constitu-tion. Some on the other side have started saying: Well, it is lawfully gathered, so it could be used for any lawful purpose. That is the most ridiculous argument I have ever heard. It is gathered lawfully for foreigners, and we made the stand-ard zero. There is no constitutional protection. We never said that we are going to gather foreigners’ informa-tion, put it in a big pool, mix it up with Americans’ information, and then type your name in—John Smith—and then find out whom you have been talking to. Realize that they could listen to your conversation, then they could bring you in for an interview with the FBI, and if you say anything in the inter-view that contradicts what they eavesdropped on in your conversation, you have now committed a felony. Do you really want all of your phone calls recorded and then the government to have the ability to bring you in and ask you questions about your phone calls? And if you are not perfectly ac-curate in recalling your phone calls, you could go to prison. All we are asking is that, for Ameri-cans, the Constitution should be in order. We should not get rid of the Con-stitution. We shouldn’t throw it out. The Constitution should protect us all. We take an oath of office to defend the Constitution. Our soldiers take the same oath of office. Wouldn’t it be sad if our soldiers came home from fight-ing and defending the Constitution to learn that we gave up on it while they were gone? The sad state of affairs here is that the majority doesn’t want any debate. They want to ram this through with no amendments. Senator WYDEN and I have worked for months on amend-ments and on an alternative bill which actually reauthorizes the program. Senators L
EAHY and L EEhave another bill that is similar that replaces the program. None of us are for ending the program. All we are saying is that if you want to look at an American’s in-formation, you have to get a warrant. People say it will slow us down. All of our bills have an emergency excep-tion. If they declare an emergency, they can look at the information and get the warrant the next day. We hope that would be extraordinary and not the norm. The thing is, we want the program to work, but we don’t want Americans caught up in it. I hope Senators will think this through. This will not kill the program. They are going to scare you to death and say: Tomorrow, we are all going to die. The world is going to be taken over by terrorists if we don’t have this. If we win this vote tonight, they will be negotiating within an hour and will come to a compromise that allows the Constitution to protect Americans. That was our oath of office. That is what we should do. I urge a vote against the bill in its current fashion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I stand today in support of S. 139, the FISA Amendments Reauthorization Act. As we know, the first responsibility of the U.S. Government is to protect our citizens. To do so, we must make sure that those who protect us have the tools to keep us safe. This bill does ex-actly that. It provides the intelligence community and law enforcement with the right tools, but it also minds the civil liberties and the privacy protec-tions that our Constitution requires, especially given the ever-changing technological landscape. The importance of our country’s safe-ty and security has been highlighted in several events from just the past 2 years. We often get lost in the constant news cycle, but let’s not forget that New York City suffered three signifi-cant terrorist attacks in the last 15 months alone. In September 2016, a terrorist deto-nated a pressure-cooker bomb in New York’s Chelsea neighborhood. A second pressure-cooker bomb was found a few blocks away but didn’t detonate. Ear-lier that day, a bomb went off near the start of a Marine Corps charity race. This past October, Sayfullo Saipov drove a rented truck onto the bike lane and pedestrian walkway on the West Side Highway. He mowed down numer-ous civilians, killing eight and injuring 12 others. And this past December, Akayed Ullah detonated a bomb in New York City’s subway tunnel to the Port Au-thority Bus Terminal, injuring several people near him. He told investigators that he did it in the name of ISIS. In June 2016, Omar Mateen shot and killed 49 and injured 53 others in Or-lando, also an act in the name of ISIS. In September 2016, a terrorist stabbed 10 people at a mall in St. Cloud, MN. In November 2016, a terrorist injured 13 after driving into and trying to stab students and teachers at Ohio State. And in December 2015, we had the San Bernardino shooting, where terror-ists killed 14 and injured 22. We have also seen terrorist incidents evolving around the world, especially impacting our friends in Europe. In the United Kingdom alone, there have been at least a half dozen ter-rorist attacks in the past year, includ-ing a subway bombing in London, in-juring 30 people; a van plowing down pedestrians on London Bridge, injuring 48 and killing 8 people; the Manchester concert bombing, in which 22 people were killed; and the attack on the Brit-ish Parliament in London, killing 4, in-cluding a person from Utah. All of these attacks and more show that the threats are real, and we must protect our country by lawful constitu-tional means. Congress has done so by providing lawful authority such as sec-tion 702. The section 702 program has been called ‘‘the most significant tool’’ in the NSA arsenal for the detection and disruption of terrorist threats. The NSA Director has said publicly that ‘‘there is no alternative way’’ to rep-licate section 702 collection. Some esti-mate that over 25 percent of all current U.S. intelligence is based upon section 702 collection. There are some key examples. Hajji Iman rose from a high school teacher to become the second in command of ISIS. He was a main focus of NSA’s counterterrorism efforts. The U.S. Gov-ernment offered a $7 million reward for information leading to his capture. We spent over 2 years looking for him. He 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JA6.007 S16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES178 January 16, 2018 
was ultimately captured based almost exclusively on intelligence information from section 702. Najibullah Zazi is in prison for plan-ning an attack of the New York City subway system with explosives in 2009. He received explosive training in Paki-stan from al-Qaida. He was discovered after he corresponded with an email ad-dress used by an al-Qaida courier in Pakistan, seeking advice on how to build explosives. The section 702 pro-gram uncovered the correspondence. Without that discovery, the subway bombing plot might have succeeded. In October 2013, the FBI began inves-tigating Shawn Parson, a foreigner from Trinidad and Tobago, after Par-son began posting comments online ex-pressing a desire to commit an attack against Western interests. Information collected through section 702 revealed Parson’s efforts and was instrumental in identifying additional members of Parson’s network. Through the section 702 program, the FBI assisted foreign partners to iden-tify the individual who committed the 2016 New Year’s Eve terrorist attack at a night club in Turkey. During that at-tack, 38 people were killed or seriously injured, including an American citizen. Those are just the unclassified exam-ples. It is important to remind my col-leagues of the purpose behind section 702. It provides the government the au-thority to collect the electronic com-munications of foreigners located out-side of the United States. Under sec-tion 702, it is against the law to target anyone in the United States or any American citizen, wherever that cit-izen is in the world. The program is targeted. It is not a bulk collection system. Furthermore, the FISA Court must approve targeting procedures to ensure that only appro-priate individuals are subject to sur-veillance. Minimization procedures limit the handling and use of informa-tion that is collected. All three branches of government have a hand in overseeing the program to protect the constitutional rights of the American people. It is also important to remind my colleagues that this legislation was first signed into law in 2008. When we took up consideration in 2012 and de-bated the law, we authorized this legis-lation with no changes. The 2012 clean reauthorization had the full support of President Obama. Some of our Senate colleagues op-pose this bill. Their first, and most consistent, claim is that section 702 violates the Fourth Amendment. Our colleagues claim that it is an ‘‘end- run’’ around the Constitution. Others call it a ‘‘legal loophole,’’ a ‘‘back-door,’’ or ‘‘warrantless surveillance.’’ Nothing could be further from the truth. Section 702 is fully consistent with the Constitution. Every Federal court to review section 702—even in-cluding the very liberal Ninth Circuit— has upheld the law. The Supreme Court’s recent decision to deny review of the Ninth Circuit case lets stand that court’s decision. These courts con-sistently determined that a warrant is not required to collect or query section 702 information. Moreover, the independent PCLOB review board has reviewed the entire legal framework of section 702 and has also found it to be constitutional. The other main claim against this bill is that it provides ‘‘new’’ powers to the government. Again, this is not true. Nevertheless, this bill does include some significant reforms. First, the bill requires the FBI to get a warrant in some criminal cases. In other words, we have added a warrant where courts have held that none are necessary. The bill also provides protection for whis-tleblowers and requires an inspector general’s report. In short, this bill provides our gov-ernment the tools it needs to protect our national security while providing some much needed transparency meas-ures and increased privacy and civil liberties protections. My colleagues can tell that I am very strongly in support of this legislation. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this very important national security protection legislation. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from North Carolina. Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I thank the chairman of the Judiciary Com-mittee for his support and for his very indepth analysis of how this works and why it is constitutional. I ask unanimous consent that Sen-ator W
ARNER and I be permitted to con-clude our remarks prior to the cloture vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I yield to the vice chairman of the Intelligence Committee. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Virginia. Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, I thank my friend, the chairman of our com-mittee, the Senator from North Caro-lina, for his work on this important piece of legislation. I obviously rise today in support of passage of S. 139, the FISA Amend-ments Reauthorization Act of 2017. This bill would provide significant re-forms that enhance the civil liberties and privacy protections of individuals, while preserving an authority critical to our national security for an addi-tional 6 years. As vice chairman of the Senate Se-lect Committee on Intelligence, I have long advocated for reforms to surveil-lance authorities that balance the im-peratives of national security and counterterrorism with the privacy rights and civil liberties of Americans. Section 702 stands among the most important of our intelligence pro-grams. To illustrate, I wish to high-light very briefly one recently declas-sified success story involving a ter-rorist by the name of Hajji Iman. Hajji Iman was the second in com-mand of ISIS based in Syria. NSA spent more than 2 years looking for him. This search was ultimately suc-cessful, primarily because of FISA sec-tion 702. NSA used collection permitted and authorized under section 702 to collect intelligence on the close associates and the network supporting Mr. Iman, in-cluding their location in Syria. Be-tween section 702 and other intel-ligence that was developed, the IC was able to track down the movements of Mr. Iman and ultimately resulted in taking him off the battlefield. This is but one of numerous examples in which information obtained pursu-ant to section 702 has proven critical to addressing threats to Americans both domestically and abroad. For much of the past year and a half, I have worked closely with Chairman BURR and a bipartisan group of Sen-ators to pass legislation to reauthorize section 702 for an extended period while incorporating substantive reforms. In October our Senate Intelligence Com-mittee passed, in a bipartisan way, with a vote of 12 to 3, comprehensive reauthorization legislation. Since that time, we have worked with our counterparts in the House, as well as representatives of the executive branch, to ensure that the final bill that we will be voting on tonight and tomorrow garners widespread bipar-tisan support and includes enhance-ments to civil liberties and privacy protections. The bill before us here today is the product of extensive bipartisan, bi-cameral negotiations. Now, this bill is not perfect. Rarely have I worked on or voted on a bill anywhere that is per-fect, but I believe this measure rep-resents a significant compromise and preserves the operational flexibility of section 702, while instituting key re-forms to further protect U.S. personal privacy. Let me take a moment to identify a few key items in this legislation that I believe bear mentioning. First—and I have seen my friend from Oregon, who has argued long and hard in committee for a provision like this, and he would like to see it broad-er, but it does include a warrant re-quirement—for the first time in section 702, the government would be required to obtain a court order before FBI criminal investigators are permitted to view communications collected pursu-ant to section 702 concerning a known U.S. person. Such a court order, based on probable cause, would apply in the context of criminal investigations opened by the FBI that do not relate to national security. This bill also mandates that a study be conducted by the inspector general of the Department of Justice of the FBI’s querying practices 1 year fol-lowing the enactment of this legisla-tion, making sure that such practices 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JA6.008 S16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S179 January 16, 2018 
have been approved by the FISA Court and implemented appropriately by the executive branch. This is an important provision in ensuring transparency. It includes an assessment of the in-terpretations of the FBI and the DOJ of querying procedures. It includes the handling by the FBI of individuals whose citizen status is unknown at the time the query is conducted, and it in-cludes the scope of access by the FBI’s Criminal Division to section 702 infor-mation. While this will not answer all of the questions asked by my good friend from Oregon, it will finally put the FBI on record answering questions that I deserve to know and that I believe he and other Members deserve to know. In addition, in terms of querying pro-cedures, S. 139 includes a section man-dating a new series of procedures to be drafted and approved by the court and implemented by executive branch agencies. The legislation also requires new public reporting of statistics about ac-tivities conducted under FISA. As has been mentioned by the chair-man of the Judiciary Committee, S. 139, for the first time, extends whistle-blower protections to contractors in the intelligence community. This addi-tion is essential to ensure that those in the IC have an avenue to report abuses. Congress must not further delay con-sideration of a long-term reauthoriza-tion. We have been debating this issue for the past 18 months. Indeed, Con-gress has known about this deadline since the prior reauthorization oc-curred in 2012. Numerous committees have had extensive hearings on this im-portant issue, including in our com-mittee, both open and closed hearings. I believe this bill will strengthen and protect Americans. I urge my col-leagues to vote in favor of this legisla-tion. I thank the Presiding Officer, and I again want to thank my friend, the chairman of this committee, the Sen-ator from North Carolina, and look for-ward to his comments. I yield the floor and yield back to the chairman. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from North Carolina. Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I thank the vice chairman of the committee, and I say to those who are opposed to this, I have great affection for all of you. They have passion which really displays their belief that the American people need to be protected from gov-ernment. Let me just say from the start, this is the single most reviewed program that exists in the Federal Government. This is reviewed congressionally—it is reviewed by the courts, it is reviewed by the DNI, it is reviewed by the in-spector general and the Department of Justice—because, on the committee, we realize this requires not just the stamp of approval from Congress but the assurance by the Intelligence Com-mittee and by every branch of govern-ment that it lives within the param-eters we set. I am not sure everybody could have heard a more thorough description than what Senator W
ARNER just gave and a more overwhelming voice of sup-port than what the chairman of the Ju-diciary Committee, Senator G
RASSLEY , gave, but let me take head-on a couple of issues that have come up and claims that have been made on this floor this afternoon. One is, this is unconstitutional. Well, let me just be clear. This has been test-ed in the courts, and the courts have ruled this program is lawful, and it is constitutional. So any claim outside of that is not a claim from the Judiciary, which we trust, it is a claim from an individual, and I believe we should, in this case, trust the courts. Let me say, Congress recognized the constitutionality of section 702 when it reauthorized the bill in 2012. Further, Federal courts have consistently upheld the constitutionality of 702. For example, in the United States v. Mohamud, the Ninth Circuit, December 5, 2016, the court unanimously held that no warrant is required for a search targeted at a foreign person abroad who lacks Fourth Amendment rights, even though some U.S. persons’ com-munications are incidentally acquired in that collection. The court found that section 702 col-lection was reasonable under the Fourth Amendment, the reasonable-ness balancing test, and the targeting and minimization of procedures suffi-ciently protected the defendant’s pri-vacy issues. It is contrary to things you heard on this floor in the last hour, but this is the Ninth Circuit, December 5, 2016, making a ruling based upon this incidental collection that applies to U.S. citizens. What the vice chairman just shared with you is, we went a step further. We didn’t leave it just with the court to determine constitutionality and the lack of a Fourth Amendment protec-tion. We put into the bill that if it didn’t have a national security impli-cation—if it was a criminal act, and it was going to be prosecuted in the courts that way, before they could look at the content of that communication, it required them to go to the court and seek and get a warrant before, in fact, they could look at content. So not only do we have the courts on our side saying there is no Fourth Amendment protection, we have gone a step further and said: In the case of U.S. citizens, if, in fact, they were inci-dentally collected and if, in fact, the information that was in the database is going to be used for a criminal case— Senator P
AUL talked about mari-juana—they would have to actually go to a court and get a warrant from a judge to look at that content, which means you are going to have an FBI agent who is going to make a deter-mination whether the content of that message is valuable enough to go to the courts and seek a warrant. This is a protection for the American people. It is not a requirement for the Fourth Amendment or for the constitu-tionality of 702. Now, let me just say to my col-leagues, if there are any on the fence post, the Director of National Intel-ligence is off the floor in the Vice President’s Room. If you need one of the guys who has to oversee this pro-gram, who understands the importance of it, he is here. He is ready to talk to any Member. Why? Because 702 is the single most important national secu-rity tool we have in the United States. If you ask me to sum up what is this bill for, this is to allow government to keep the American people safe. This bill does more to allow law enforce-ment, intelligence, the Congress of the United States, and the executive branch to assure the American people of their safety. That is at the heart of what Congress is established for. Spending and all these things come after that, but the defense of the coun-try, defense of each individual Amer-ican is what is at the root of our re-sponsibilities, and 702, as it relates to this age of terrorism, is the single most effective tool we have to assure the American people we are doing every-thing we can to provide for their safe-ty. I might add to that, from a stand-point of the international collection and the international cadre of terror-ists, we are able to share with other countries in a way nobody else can when their country is in jeopardy of a terrorist attack, and we have multiple examples where we have shared with our partners around the world—and, I might add, we don’t necessarily require them to be a partner of ours to share this with them. We take countries we have no relationship with, maybe that we don’t like too much—but America is unique. If we see a terrorist attack that is imminent, we will share that with any country in the world, even our hardest enemies. So let me put aside for any question that section 702 is lawful and it is constitutional. Let me go to the rigorous oversight that I think the vice chairman de-scribed: It is overseen by the Foreign Intelligence Service Court. It is over-seen by the Department of Justice and the IG. It is overseen by the Congres-sional Intelligence Committee. It is re-quired to be evaluated on an annual basis by the Justice Department and by the Bureau for procedures they have to follow. I can’t stress enough that the com-mittee—your committee—your col-leagues in Congress are the ones who you should feel most confident after re-viewing and providing proper oversight for this program. You see, it is those individuals who reach the clarity that is needed for this body and for the Con-gress to look at the American people and say: We haven’t crossed the line. We have stayed within the legal box that was created. Don’t leave it to me. Let’s use the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board or, as we like to refer to it, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JA6.009 S16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES180 January 16, 2018 
PCLOB. In 2014, following an extensive review, PCLOB specifically noted in that review, to date, there are no known instances in which government personnel deliberately violated the statute, targeting procedures, or mini-mization procedures. Let me say that again. The Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board— which many here created—came out and in their report said: To date, there are no known instances in which gov-ernment personnel deliberately vio-lated the statute targeting procedures or minimization. At the same time, in that report, PCLOB made a number of rec-ommendations to the government in-tended to enhance the safeguards for privacy and civil liberties in section 702. In February 2016, the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board re-ported that all of its recommendations had been implemented, in full or in part, by the government. Let me say that again. In February 2016, every recommendation that the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board made about this program, the PCLOB certified that those had, in full or in part, been adopted by the Federal Government. If you only go on what you heard over the last half an hour or an hour, you would think this is riddled with questions of constitutionality and that there are massive abuses. The fact is, there have not been any, and the courts have ruled that it is constitutional, it is legal, and it does not infringe on the Fourth Amendment at all. Let me say to my colleagues, I ex-pected we would be here. We had a heated debate in the committee. The Presiding Officer remembers that well because he is on the committee. We considered a lot of amendments, and at the end of the day, we came out with a bill that is very similar to what we have today. A 12-to-3 vote shows tre-mendous bipartisan support. Now, if Senator W
ARNER had written it by himself, it would probably look different. If I had written it by myself, it would probably look different. What we are asked to vote on today is a bill that looks different than what we passed out. It is a little bit stronger from the standpoint of the protection of privacy because it does institute this warrant requirement if, in fact, you want to see the content of any collec-tion out of 702 dealing with a criminal process. If it is national security, we are doing exactly what I think the Amer-ican people want us to do. We are using the data we have to find the people who want to commit these acts and stop them before they do. If that is not the intent of this, then this probably shouldn’t exist. If anybody believes ter-rorists have quit, and we are no longer a target, then eliminate this. I am closer to the line than I ever thought I would be before I got to the U.S. Senate and certainly before I be-came chairman of the Intelligence Committee, but I do understand re-sponsibilities. Responsibilities make sure those individuals whom we charge with protecting the American people have the tools they need to accomplish it. It is the reason we are debating, on this floor and at the other end of the Capitol, the funding of our military. It is to make sure our military has the tools they need to go out and do the mission they have been asked to do. Well, from the Bureau to the intel-ligence community, we have asked them to do everything they can to make sure Americans stay safe, and this has been the most effective tool, with no abuses to date—and that is the determination of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, not a right- leaning institution—and the fact is, the government has lived exactly with-in the letters of the law that we have described. So I urge my colleagues to vote for cloture. Let’s move on to the 30 hours on this bill, if that is what, in fact, ev-erybody demands. We have already ex-tended it temporarily. That is not a sign of confidence to those who work in the trenches and we ask to keep us safe. Let’s do the bold thing. Let’s finish this. This is a bicameral, bipartisan, negotiated bill—both sides of the aisle and both ends of the Capitol. It is time we do our business. I urge my col-leagues to vote yes for cloture. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up to 2 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I thank my colleagues. I will be very brief. Colleagues, what we are debating is whether the Senate will be the Senate. If you vote in favor of this, you are voting for cloture, there will be no amendments then. We would have the opportunity, if we vote against cloture, for improving this bill. I want to emphasize that if we take a short time to improve this bill, as Sen-ator L
EE, Senator L EAHY , and Senator P
AUL want to do, this program con-tinues to operate. It is not in any way going to harm our ability to fight ter-rorism. This program would stand. I urge my colleagues to vote to carry out our constitutional obligation as Senators, to have real debate and vote against cloture. I yield. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
UBIO). Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pend-ing cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to concur in the House amendment to S. 139, an act to implement the use of Rapid DNA instruments to inform decisions about pretrial release or detention and their condi-tions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, and for other purposes. Mitch McConnell, James M. Inhofe, Roy Blunt, Shelley Moore Capito, Marco Rubio, Johnny Isakson, Deb Fischer, John Boozman, Thom Tillis, Richard Burr, Pat Roberts, Orrin G. Hatch, Roger F. Wicker, John Cornyn, John Hoeven, John Thune, Mike Rounds. The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the motion to concur in the House amendment to S. 139 shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN) and the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ). The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 60, nays 38, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 11 Leg.] YEAS—60 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Donnelly Duckworth Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Graham Grassley Hassan Hatch Heitkamp Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Manchin McCaskill McConnell Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shaheen Shelby Thune Tillis Toomey Warner Whitehouse Wicker Young 
NAYS—38 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Coons Cruz Daines Durbin Gardner Gillibrand Harris Heinrich Heller Hirono Kaine Leahy Lee Markey Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Paul Sanders Schatz Schumer Smith Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warren Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
McCain Sullivan 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. D
AINES ). On this vote, the yeas are 60, the nays are 38. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion is agreed to. Cloture having been invoked, the mo-tion to refer with an amendment and the amendments pending thereto fall. The Senator from Ohio. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JA6.010 S16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S181 January 16, 2018 
BUTCH LEWIS ACT  
Mr. BROWN. Thank you, Mr. Presi-dent. Thanks to Senator S
CHUMER and my colleagues, who will join us in the course of the evening, for coming to the floor tonight to shine a light on the more than 1 million workers and retir-ees all over this country who are on the verge of facing massive cuts to the pensions they have earned. This crisis affects thousands of Ohioans—perhaps more than 60,000 is our count. It affects the massive Central States Teamsters Pension Plan, the United Mine Workers Pension Plan, the Ironworkers Local 17 Pension Plan, the Ohio Southwest Car-penters Pension Plan, the Bakers and Confectioners Pension Plan, and oth-ers. It has an impact on workers, retir-ees, and businesses in every single State in the United States. It is bad enough that Wall Street squandered workers’ money; it is worse that the government—that this body, that the House—hasn’t yet stepped up. The government is supposed to look out for these folks and is so far turning a blind eye to the promise made to these workers. The Senate found the time to pass a massive tax giveaway for corporations that shipped jobs overseas. We know that the tax bill made it even more likely for manufacturing companies to shut down in Mansfield or Limerick or Chillicothe or Portsmouth or Spring-field, OH, and move overseas. They shut down production here and move overseas, set up production there, and sell their products back into the United States. The Senate’s bill does that, but it did nothing for hard-work-ing Americans who worked their whole lives to earn their retirement. It is dis-graceful, and time is running short to make these pensions whole. I urge my colleagues in this body— colleagues with healthcare and retire-ment plans paid for by taxpayers—to remember that. My colleagues—all of us have our healthcare and pensions paid by taxpayers. I urge my colleagues of this body to think about these re-tired workers and the stress they are facing. It is an expensive time of year for people with fixed incomes. Their heating bills go up. They try to scrape together what they can for the holi-days for grandkids. They have loved ones who are sick, and some of them are sick themselves. Remember, this is about more than just these retirees and their families; hundreds of thousands of workers give up money from each and every pay-check to fund a pension they expect to be there when they retire. Think about that. Those who haven’t really looked at what happens in union negotiations, where workers sit at the bargaining table, and they give up income today to put money aside for the future for their pensions—that is what they did. They gave up income 10 years ago, 20 years ago, 30 years ago, even 40 years ago, put it aside—often matched by employers. That money then comes back to them in the form of a pension when they retire. If we don’t protect those pensions, how do any workers know their retire-ment is safe? How do you plan for your kids? How do you plan for your fam-ily’s future? How do you do that when this kind of uncertainty hangs over your head? These Americans have done everything right. They have worked their whole lives to earn these pen-sions. They have put in long hours to support their families. They did it so they would be able to spend their re-tirement years enjoying time with their grandchildren, not worrying every day about how to make ends meet. The reason they thought it wasn’t just blind hope was because of the legally binding contracts they ne-gotiated in good faith. When I first started in public service, when the legislature wasn’t in session, I used to spend hours at the United Steelworkers Local 169 in Mansfield, OH, listening to workers talk about their dreams. We talked about a lot of things. I would talk about their kids, whom I had gone to high school with at Mansfield Junior High or Johnny Appleseed Junior High or Brinkerhoff Grade School. But one thing I heard over and over is how workers, as I said earlier, gave up pay today at the bar-gaining table for the promise of a pen-sion to be there when they retired. It is pretty simple. They sat at the negoti-ating table. They earned their pen-sions. They gave up pay raises to do it. But now their government has allowed Wall Street to blow it, and tough luck for them. Not on our watch, Mr. Presi-dent. Before the holidays, I stood in this building with many of my colleagues and with Rita Lewis, the widow of Butch Lewis, who had worked 40 years as an Ohio teamster. Butch died of a heart attack on New Year’s Eve a cou-ple of years ago. If he were here today, Butch would tell you that he didn’t work those 40 years to get just 40 per-cent of his pension. Sadly, Butch passed away far too soon after fighting for the retirement he and these work-ers earned. It is my honor to name our Senate bill the ‘‘Butch Lewis Act’’ after him. This isn’t a partisan issue. It affects communities we all represent. It af-fects Teamsters in Michigan and in Ohio. It affects workers in Montana, the Presiding Officer’s State. It affects mine workers in the majority leader’s State. It affects teamsters, truck-drivers, in the Democratic leader’s State. My colleagues on both sides of the aisle have voiced support and the de-sire to work together in good faith to keep this promise. Now we just need to sit down together, put politics aside, and get it done. A number of Repub-lican Senators have been in negotia-tions with Democratic Senators that we have led to make sure this can get done. But fundamentally it is about whose side you are on. It is about who we work for. Many of my colleagues made it pretty clear in December with their tax vote that they work for Wall Street and the corporations that send job overseas, but I say we work for these truckdrivers, ironworkers, car-penters, confectionary workers, and teamsters. They are not asking for a handout; they are asking for what they earned over a lifetime of work. It is time for us to do the job the taxpayers sent us here to do and save those pen-sions before it is too late. I am joined on the Senate floor today by the senior Senator from Michigan and the senior Senator from Indiana, Senator S
TABENOW and Senator D ON-
NELLY , who have been very active on this issue. I know Senator C
ASEY is going to join us, and others who have been very active, standing up for these retirees, understanding that the team-ster retirees and mine workers and ironworkers and others gave up money today, gave up raises at the bargaining table, to put money aside for retire-ment. We owe that to them. It is time the Senate does its job. I yield the floor to Senator S
TABE -
NOW. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Michigan. Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, first of all, I wish to thank my friend from Ohio. Senator B
ROWN has been a real champion. It is wonderful to partner with him and with the senior Senator from Indiana, Mr. D
ONNELLY . All of us believe strongly—and the Democratic caucus together believes strongly—that a pension is a promise, period. A pension is a promise. Too many people right now are finding themselves in a situation where they are being told that promise is not going to be kept. For generations, millions of working men and women have built better lives for themselves in Michigan and across the country, and better lives for their families, with jobs that provided more than a paycheck. That is part of the American dream. These folks have worked hard, and we know that the people of Michigan can outbuild and outwork and outimagine anyone. I will take on my friends from Indiana and Ohio on that one because we know that in Michigan we have bright, hard-working folks. In exchange for a job well done, workers knew that they could count on basic benefits, including quality healthcare and a secure retirement, a pension. Jobs like these didn’t just build families. We know that those jobs have built the middle class of our coun-try—making things, growing things, creating things, and building things. That is what has created our middle class and our way of life. Unfortunately, though, we know that jobs that provide this kind of security and stability are becoming increas-ingly hard to find. Even worse, some workers have discovered that the bene-fits they earned over years of hard 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JA6.015 S16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES182 January 16, 2018 
work have proven to be less than de-pendable. That is why we are here, be-cause we believe a pension is a promise, and too many people are being told that promise isn’t going to be kept. That is wrong. Imagine what it is like to be one of these workers. Perhaps you spent your career behind the wheel of a truck, hauling freight. The work is dangerous. The hours are long. You are separated from your family, but you keep on driving because the pay and the bene-fits are good, you are taking care of your family, and you are planning for the future. You know that after driving literally millions of safe miles, you will be able to retire with dignity. You will be able to have that cottage up north in Michigan, the snowmobile, and the boat, and to send your kids to college, thanks to the pension you worked so hard and so long for. After decades of work, you decide it is time to park the truck one last time. You say goodbye to your coworkers and hello to a new stage in your life. You plan in your retirement to spend more time at the lake, maybe even teach your grandkids to fish. You can make these plans because you know you have the security of that pension you have worked all your life for. Then, one day, everything changes. You learn that for a variety of reasons, the fund providing your pension is run-ning out of money—not because of your fault. In fact, you might receive little, if any, of the benefits you were count-ing on. What do you do? What do you do? Do you swallow your pride, sell your home, and move in with one of your kids? Would you go back to work? Would you be able to get a job? A lot of Michigan workers don’t have to imagine what they would do because they are living it right now. This is very serious. Again, I have always believed that a pension is a promise. Shame on our country, shame on our government if we don’t make sure that promise is kept. People who worked hard to earn their retirement benefits should not have to worry about paying the power bill or putting food on the table or keeping their homes. Unfortunately, we know that a number of multi-employer pen-sion funds, including ones in Michigan that Michigan workers depend on, face serious challenges due to the financial crisis and other factors. I remember back in 2008 and 2009, when there was a bailout that was passed for Wall Street banks, but what about the pensions that were invested? What happened to the middle-class families depending on that? We know what happened in terms of people losing their homes, and what about the other piece, which is the pen-sions, that lost money? This isn’t the fault of the workers, like Kenneth of Sterling Heights, MI. He is a retired teamster. He wrote to me about his fears of being able to pay his bills and cover the basics, including food, medicine, and everyday expenses. He worked hard all of his life. He doesn’t want to end his life in poverty, nor should he have to. He told me: ‘‘We are not the people who made the bad investments of our hard-earned money and lost billions of dollars.’’ Kenneth is absolutely right. This isn’t the fault of the workers, and they shouldn’t pay the price. They should know that the promise made to them after a lifetime of hard work will be kept. That is why I am so pleased to be co-sponsoring the Butch Lewis Act of 2017 with my colleagues who are here this evening. The bill would create a new office within Treasury called the Pen-sion Rehabilitation Administration. The new office would give troubled pension plans the opportunity to be-come solid again through loans and as-sistance from the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation. With this bill, these plans would be able to pay work-ers all of the promised benefits with no cuts—no cuts. The plans would be re-quired to demonstrate the ability to repay the loans at the end of the term. Think about how Wall Street banks got loans. Shouldn’t middle-class, working men and women—retirees who worked all of their lives and believed in our country, and believed that, in fact, our country would have their back— also have the same kind of opportunity to be able to protect their pensions? Let me just say again that this is an incredibly important piece of legisla-tion that affects millions of middle- class Americans who have worked their entire lives—people who are retired now or are near retirement or are still working hard and paying in and trust that, in fact, their pension will be there, and it is incredibly important that our country keep its promise to them. Let me also say in conclusion that I will be reintroducing legislation that I introduced last session to address something else that I think is a matter of fairness: to prevent raises and re-duce salaries of top pension fund execu-tives if retiree benefits are cut. I un-derstand how devastating pension cuts would be to retirees and their families, and the people making decisions—the people in power making decisions about funds—should actually be able to know that by feeling the same pain of cuts. There is no question we need long- term solutions to the pension crisis facing our country. People who are re-tired right now and face losing that pension and going into poverty or peo-ple who are about to retire don’t have time to wait. There is a tremendous sense of urgency about this. Cutting benefits would place a ter-rible burden on retirees who have worked hard all of their lives to earn some dignity, some comfort, some se-curity. It is people like Keith and Mary. They are both in their seventies and depend on Keith’s pension and So-cial Security to meet their basic needs. They told me: We try to save, but it is difficult. We are hoping that the pension will last more than 10 years, but who knows. 
Keith and Mary have the right to know. They have the right to know that their country has their backs and that they can count on their pension being there. I urge my colleagues to help keep that promise for Ken and Keith and Mary and hard-working people all across Michigan and America. I see our leader on the floor. I want to thank him for making this a top pri-ority as we are negotiating the prior-ities of this country, the priorities of the budget for next year. Making sure hard-working Americans have the promise kept of their pension is some-thing that I know is at the top of his list, and I am proud to join him in this effort. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I thank Senator S
TABENOW and my col-league from Indiana and my colleague from Ohio. Senators B
ROWN , STABENOW , D
ONNELLY , K LOBUCHAR , H EITKAMP , C
ASEY , and B ALDWIN have been such stalwart voices for working men and women in their States—namely, team-sters and food workers—as well as Sen-ator M
ANCHIN , for the miners in West Virginia, and so many others across the country. We come to the floor tonight to urge our Republican colleagues to join us in doing something to shore up pension plans for over 1 million Americans. Millions of middle-class workers in this country—teamsters, miners, car-penters, and steel workers—have put their money into plans year after year. They knew they wouldn’t be rich when they retired, but they thought they could live a life of decency and dignity. They often forewent salary increases. They said: Don’t give me a raise at this percent; give me a lower raise, but put money in that pension. These people earned these pensions. They are the backbone of America. But now, after all of their hard work and all of their savings, several multiyear pension plans are at risk of failure, through no fault of the work-ers. Families in my State and across the country could see their retirement savings slashed. Teamsters, miners, carpenters, and food service workers are at risk of losing security through no fault of their own. They weren’t re-sponsible for the stock market crash, and they weren’t involved in offshore swaps in London or somewhere, but that diminished the value of these plans. They are certainly not respon-sible for Congress twiddling its thumbs and doing nothing in the face of these shortfalls. Teamsters in my State, for instance, are facing a 30-percent reduc-tion in their retirement benefits. They feel the impact of the cuts every day. So in conclusion, we have to get something done. Our Republican friends spent most of 2017 pressing leg-islation to help the wealthiest corpora-tions and biggest corporations to get 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JA6.016 S16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S183 January 16, 2018 
big tax breaks, but what about the middle-class worker? What about the middle-class worker? Let 2018 be dif-ferent. Let it be the year when we fix these plans, and let’s do it in the up-coming budget deal. I know that Senators B
ROWN , STABE -
NOW, DONNELLY and so many others will continue to fight for hard-working pensioners until we fix the problem. So again, I want to thank my good friend, the Senator from Ohio, Mr. B
ROWN , for organizing an outstanding group of Senators to speak this evening on a crucial topic: pensions. Senators B
ROWN , S TABENOW , K LO-
BUCHAR , HEITKAMP , DONNELLY , CASEY  and B
ALDWIN have always been such stalwart voices for the working men and women of their States. We all come to the floor tonight to urge our Republican colleagues to join us in doing something to shore up pen-sion plans for over a million Ameri-cans. Millions of middle-class workers in this country—teamsters and miners and carpenters and steel workers—put money into pension plans year after year, forgoing large salary increases or other benefits. Do you know why? Be-cause they said: I am going to work hard my whole life, but when I retire I want to retire with some degree of dig-nity. And that is what they did. But several multiemployer pension plans are at a real risk of failure. Fam-ilies in my State and across the coun-try could see their retirement savings slashed. Teamsters and miners and car-penters and food service workers are at risk of losing that security through no fault of their own. They weren’t responsible for the mar-ket crash in 2009, which diminished the value of so many of these plans. And they certainly aren’t responsible for Congress twiddling its thumbs, doing nothing to fix the looming shortfalls in the many years since. And yet, Teamsters in my State are facing a 30-percent reduction in their retirement benefits. They feel the im-pact of those cuts every day. These are funds that workers con-tributed to, and they earned every penny. They won’t allow the families of my State to buy riches or luxuries. These pension plans won’t fund the purchase of yachts or beach homes. What they will do is guarantee hard- working men and women the peace of mind that comes with a secure retire-ment. We have an obligation to see that the promise made to these workers is upheld. And we ought to do it soon. If we don’t, it is going to cost taxpayers more in the long run. And all through-out the meantime, hardworking Amer-ican families will be denied the bene-fits they rightly deserve. Republicans spent most of 2017 press-ing legislation that helped the wealthi-est corporations and the biggest cor-porations to the detriment of the mid-dle class. Let 2018 be different. Let 2018 be a year when we finally fix these pen-sion plans. And let’s do it in the up-coming budget deal. This will be another test of the Re-publican majority. Will they again ig-nore the pressing needs of working Americans across the country? Will President Trump again talk about helping the working men and women of this country but then turn his back on them? We will see. What I know is that Senator BROWN , and this group of Democratic Senators, will continue to fight for the hard-working pensioners of this country until we fix this problem. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Indiana. Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, my colleagues and I are on the Senate floor tonight on behalf of the hundreds of thousands of Americans whose pen-sions are at serious risk. For generations, there has been an expectation in our country that if you worked hard and earned a pension, that pension would be there in retirement. Unfortunately, that promise is now in question. Due to corporate bankruptcies, the financial crisis, and underfunding, among other reasons, some of the larg-est pension funds in this country are at risk of insolvency, potentially leaving retirees with pennies on the dollar. I know firsthand the value of a pension. My late father-in-law was a teamster. His pension allowed him to help sup-port his family and it provided him with the dignity of a decent retire-ment. Hundreds of thousands of Americans will go to sleep tonight uncertain about their financial security. I have met these retirees. I have stood with them at rallies. I have attended their meetings. Just 10 days ago, back home in Indi-ana, I joined roughly 300 teamsters, both active and retired, from all cor-ners of Indiana. They met in Indianap-olis to try to learn what the future would hold. They simply want the pen-sions they worked so hard for and spent so many hours laboring for—and that they earned. They simply want what was promised to them and what their hard work earned for them. Unless Congress acts soon, in Indiana alone, 22,000 teamsters and 2,700 mine workers are at risk of significant pen-sion cuts. That is why I cosponsored the Butch Lewis Act and the American Miners Pension Act. These bipartisan bills would ensure retirees receive their pensions. Both bills create a loan program that extends the solvency of at-risk pension plans. I also continue to work with Sen-ators in both parties to build support and to find a solution. Conversations need to turn into that solution before the pension shortfall grows even worse. If we don’t act, the solution becomes more costly every day. The Department of Labor lists 144 multi-employer plans as being in crit-ical or endangered status. The at-risk plans include ironworkers, roofers, ma-chinists, fishermen, plumbers, brick-layers, and carpenters, among others. We need to shore up our pension sys-tem before the problem grows worse. The failure of these plans would not just devastate the impacted retirees, it could be economically damaging to im-pacted communities and could lead to the insolvency of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation—the PBGC— which provides pension insurance. Last year, we similarly stood on this Senate floor together—not as Repub-licans, not as Democrats, but as Ameri-cans—to fight for health benefits for the retired mineworkers. We solved that issue. We reached a compromise by working together, Republicans and Democrats together, and passed a per-manent solution that was signed into law. Let’s do it again here. We have an opportunity to do the right thing—to ensure hundreds of thousands of Americans have the finan-cial support they expected, that they worked nonstop for, and that they re-ceive the pensions they earned. A solu-tion is right here in our grasp. We have to get this done, and I urge the Senate to act immediately. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wisconsin. Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, I rise to join my colleagues in our fight to keep a promise made to workers and retirees across this country. I will start with where we were, where we are now, and what Washington needs to do to keep these promises. A little over 2 years ago, Central States pension had an application be-fore the Treasury Department, which had it been approved would have meant deep cuts to pensions that had already been earned over a lifetime of hard work. Retirees in my home State of Wis-consin began to receive letters noti-fying them that their pensions could be cut by 30, 50, and, in some cases, as much as 70 percent. Treasury made the right decision and rejected these pen-sion cuts. That was an important vic-tory, but we have always known there is more work to be done, that we have to find a long-term solution that keeps these promises. I am talking about a promise made to Bernie in Franklin, WI, who would have lost about one-third of his pension if the Central States application had actually gone through. I am talking about a promise made to Kenny from Menomonee Falls, WI, who spent most of his career in trucking, paying into a pension fund to safeguard his family’s future. He got a letter notifying him that his pension might be cut by 55 per-cent. I am talking about promises made to 25,000 retirees and workers in the State of Wisconsin. They have been living with the fear and uncertainty of not knowing whether the retirement security they saved for and sacrificed for, and that their families depend upon, will be there when they need it. If Washington does not act, these workers and retirees will face massive 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JA6.017 S16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES184 January 16, 2018 
cuts to their pensions earned over dec-ades of work. I have been proud to work side by side with Wisconsin retirees and with Senator S
HERROD BROWN to introduce the Butch Lewis Act. The bill will put failing pension plans, including Central States, back on solid ground to ensure they can meet their commitments to retirees today and workers in decades to come, and it does so without cutting a single cent from the benefits retirees have earned. In the time since Central States sub-mitted its application to the Treasury Department, I have met with retirees in Milwaukee, Green Bay, and Endeav-or, WI—last week, I was in Brookfield, WI, with many more than 200 retirees and workers—who are counting on Washington to pass this bill. Washington needs to act. We need to pass the Butch Lewis Act, and we need to do it soon. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Minnesota. Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I rise to join my colleagues in calling for action—action to protect the hard- earned benefits of pensioners, hard- working people all across my State. I thank my colleague Senator B
ROWN for organizing these speeches and my neighbor to the east, Senator B
ALDWIN  from Wisconsin, for her eloquent words on behalf of the workers in her State. I know how important benefits are to workers firsthand. My grandpa was one of many children, growing up in the Iron Range of Minnesota. He loved school, but he had to quit at age 15 to help support his family. First, he got a job as a teamster, pulling a cart, and then at a very young age, he went to work in the iron ore mines in Ely, MN. He had wanted to be in the Navy. He had wanted to sail the world. Instead, he spent his entire life to support his eight brothers and sisters and then, later, my dad and my uncle. He spent his entire life working 1,500 feet under-ground, and he would go down the mine shaft every single day with his black lunch bucket, and I often thought: What did he think of when he went down that mine shaft? Did he think of that life at sea, of school, of other things? He felt he had an obligation, and that obligation was not only im-portant to our family, which somehow ended up with me in the U.S. Senate, but it was also an obligation that was so important to our country, because when you go back as far as World War II, it was the iron ore that was made into the steel that built our country— our factories, our skyscrapers, and our ships and tanks that won that war. That is what my grandpa did, and it was dangerous back then. My grandma would always tell me how you would hear this whistle go off, and it meant someone was either very hurt or killed in the mines, and all of the wives would go and stand outside that mine to see what miner was going to be brought up injured or worse. My dad remembers seeing the coffins in the church in Ely lined up of miners who had been killed. This wasn’t that long ago. When someone does something like that for their family and for their country, promises that were made to them should be kept. Because my grandpa stayed in that job—over time, the safety requirements got better, the benefits got better—he was able to get healthcare, he was able to save money in a coffee can in the basement of their little house so he could send my dad and his brother to college. That all happened. So when he got sick, he should be able to have healthcare, right? Well, he did. He had cancer, but he was able to have healthcare. When my grandma got older and lived into her late eighties, she was able to stay at as-sisted living. That all happened be-cause promises made to those workers were kept. The promise made to the workers in multiemployer pension plans is simple; that the pension they have earned through their decades of hard work will be there when they retire. Saving for retirement is often de-scribed as the three-legged stool: So-cial Security, a pension, and personal savings. A stable and secure retirement relies on all three legs being strong, but some multiemployer pension plans are facing funding challenges that could weaken one of those legs. Over 10 million Americans participate in a multiemployer pension plan and rely on these benefits for a safe and secure retirement. The Central States Pension Plan is such a plan. It was established in 1955 to help truckers save for retirement. That was while my grandpa was still in the mines. Today, the Central States Pension Plan includes workers from the carhaul, tankhaul, pipeline, ware-house, construction, clerical, food processing, dairy, and trucking indus-tries. In my State, there are over 21,000 workers and retirees in the plan—and this affects workers and retirees from all over the Midwest. I guess that is why it is called the Central States plan: Nearly 48,000 workers and retirees in Ohio, over 47,000 in Michigan, over 32,000 in Missouri, nearly 25,000 in Wis-consin, and over 2,000 in North Dakota. In fact, when this issue first came up, and this was rushed over from the House—and we really didn’t know the impact it would have in our States be-cause there hadn’t been a lot of thought in how this thing was done when it was part of a bigger bill—I voted against that bill because if this thing is called Central States, and I have a bunch of people calling me, I probably have a lot of people who are impacted. Unfortunately, that thing was rushed through, and people didn’t have their say. In fact, 7 of the top 10 States in the Central States Pension Plan are Midwestern States. In September of 2015, the Central States submitted a proposal to the Treasury to reduce pension benefits for workers and retirees under the Multi-employer Pension Relief Act of 2014. Treasury reviewed the proposal, which would have resulted in benefits cut for over 270,000 Central State retir-ees and workers. Some of these pension cuts were as high as 50, 60, and even 70 percent. Imagine someone who has spent their life driving a truck, saving money, and then suddenly one day they find out they are going to lose 70 per-cent of their pension. I heard from people all over my State how devastating these proposed cuts would have been. People were con-cerned that they would not be able to afford their medication or that they might have to sell their house. Many are in their sixties, seventies, or even eighties and are not able to go back to work. I stood up with many of my col-leagues and fought against that pro-posal for a very simple reason: It was the right thing to do. We raised signifi-cant concerns about the plan, and the Treasury Department—in a move that I think surprised some of us, pleas-antly, but not those who are on the frontlines every day, whom I am look-ing up at in the Gallery—rejected that proposal. While we temporarily averted a very bad plan going into effect, this issue is not going away. The Central States Pension Plan still faces insolvency by 2025, and more than 70,000 Minnesotans are in multiemployer pension plans that are facing funding shortfalls. More than 100 of these pension plans are fac-ing funding challenges and do not have sufficient plan assets Pensioners across our State and our country depend on their pensions. Peo-ple like Sherman from my State, in Northern Minnesota—exactly the area I just talked about my dad being from, where my grandpa worked in the mines. Sherman has been working tire-lessly on this issue and raising it at a national level, and workers and retir-ees whom I continue to meet are ask-ing us and looking for us to take ac-tion. That is why I have joined with my colleagues to cosponsor the Butch Lewis Act, and I thank Senator B
ROWN  for his leadership on this legislation. This bill is a win-win for employers, employees, retirees, and Americans. The bill would put the pension plan back on solid footing and ensure that the plans could meet their obligations to retirees and workers for decades to come. This would happen without cut-ting a single cent from the benefits our workers and retirees have earned, worked hard for, paid into the pension plan for, and built their retirement around. The introduction of the Butch Lewis Act has been an important step for-ward in elevating the need for action. So as congressional leaders work to ne-gotiate a deal to raise the budget spending caps, the pension crisis should 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JA6.020 S16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S185 January 16, 2018 
be a funding priority. It should be in-cluded in any comprehensive budget deal. Somehow, in this very Chamber, peo-ple found a way to do a bunch of tax cuts. Some of them were there for the middle class, but a lot of them helped the wealthy. Somehow they found their way to that. Well, they had better find their way to include this because this is about working people. We owe it to all Americans who played by the rules and worked hard throughout their lives secure pensions. I stand today ready to work with our colleagues on the floor and across the aisle on a bipartisan solution. We all know that delay only makes the solu-tion more costly. The time is here. We can’t put it off any longer. We must move forward now to get this done for our workers, for our businesses, and for our country. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I rise to speak as well about the issue of pen-sions, as many of my colleagues have been speaking about tonight. First of all, I want to outline a series of what I believe to be promises that the Senate and the House must keep with large segments of the American people. Last year at this time, we were in a long debate, which had transpired over months, and the main issue there was healthcare for retired coal miners and their families. This was a promise made to coal miners across the coun-try—thousands of them across the country and thousands in Pennsylvania alone—who were promised they would have healthcare in their retirement. That promise went unfulfilled despite the fact that we got a bill through the Senate Finance Committee, as we were instructed to do, to follow so-called regular order—have a hearing, have a vote, get it through the committee— but it was held up month after month, really from the fall of 2016 until April of 2017. That promise almost went unfulfilled, and it took far too long, but eventually we got it done. At that time, we made another prom-ise to those same coal miners that we would work on the pension issue for them. That was the second half of the original legislation. When it comes to promises, we have promises to keep to those Americans who worked so hard in the most dif-ficult job in the world. We also have some promises that must be fulfilled. I would hope that the Republican leadership and Republican Members of the House and the Senate, along with the administration—one party in charge of two branches of gov-ernment—would keep their promise to 9 million American children. The Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program is more than 100 days overdue from being reauthorized. Everyone says they are for it, but it is not done. It was set aside to get a tax bill done, which, in my judgment, was a giveaway to the superrich and big corporations. Even if you wanted to support the tax bill, why couldn’t you carve out some time by the end of the year, I asked the major-ity, to get the Children’s Health Insur-ance Program reauthorized? Nine mil-lion kids; one hundred eighty thousand in Pennsylvania. Why couldn’t you get it done? Here we are now in the middle of January facing yet another deadline, and the Children’s Health Insurance Program is not yet reauthorized. That is a promise. We will see by the end of the week whether the majority keeps its promise to those 9 million children. The pension issue is the one I am going to talk about tonight, but there is also a promise that was made to ap-proximately 800,000 young people, the individuals in the so-called DACA Pro-gram, the Dreamers. That is another promise. The promise we are talking about to-night, at least on this side of the aisle in the Senate, is the promise of pen-sions. Why do so many pension plans face the obstacles, the burdens, and the crisis they face right now? The two main reasons are, first and foremost, the financial crisis, which wiped out stock holdings just as these members were retiring, and, of course, the sec-ond reason is substantial job loss in the industries that are affected by these pension plans. While Wall Street and the gross do-mestic product have recovered from the horrific financial crisis that the country has now recovered from, but some people are still being hurt by it, and as the wealthier are doing better than ever—the number that was cited a couple of months ago was that since 1980, the share of national income—if you took all the income in the country, the share of national income held by the top 1 percent was 11 percent in 1980. That is a pretty high number for 1 per-cent. They had 11 percent of the na-tional income. What was it in 2014? It had almost doubled to 20 percent. So when I say that the very wealthy, the top 1 percent, have done quite well—I have even used the word ‘‘bonanza’’— they have done very well since 1980—I can back it up with a number, and that is the number. So even as they are doing better, and those other indica-tors might seem better, wages and op-portunities for the middle class have stagnated, and our pensions have paid the price. Workers across the country—includ-ing tens of thousands of coal miners, teamsters, and bakery and confec-tionary workers in Pennsylvania—are living with the worry that their pen-sions may not remain solvent. They played by the rules. They paid their dues. They put in their time for their companies. They and their children paid the price during the financial cri-sis with their jobs and their wages. They should not have to continue to pay the price in retirement through re-ductions in promised pension benefits. It is inexcusable and insulting for Americans to live with this type of worry, wondering whether they will have the quality of life in retirement they planned for and depended upon throughout their careers—careers of hard work and sacrifice, careers of giv-ing so much to their companies and in many cases, so much to their country as well. Yet we have that uncertainty facing those individuals and their fami-lies. They are wondering whether, after decades of working in jobs that took a toll, in many cases, on their own bod-ies, they will need to go back to work so they can afford the heating bills or the cost of medication. That is insult-ing. We must take action now to shore up our pension system, to keep the prom-ise to the Americans who made our country what it is today—the greatest in the world, for sure. We know where Democrats stand on this issue. We are with workers. The question now is whether Republicans will work with us to get this done. As I said before, Republicans have all the votes they need to get this done. They didn’t flinch in December when it was a question of whether they would give $13 billion in tax windfalls to the Nation’s largest banks. All of that, of course, was unpaid for. We know where Republicans stand when it comes to giving away billions of dollars in bor-rowed money to large, profitable cor-porations. That was the tax bill that I mentioned before. We will soon find out whether they stand with workers when it comes to their pensions. The Republican Congress needs to act now to make sure that we pass what is called the Butch Lewis Act to give re-tirees in Pennsylvania and others across the country the peace of mind that comes with knowing their retire-ment is secure. It is fundamental. This is a promise. It is either going to be kept, or it is going to be violated. This is the week to ensure that it is kept for those Americans who have worked so hard. They deserve these pensions. They have earned them. We need to keep our promise. The majority needs to keep its promise. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JA6.021 S16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES186 January 16, 2018 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE REV. DR. MARTIN LUTHER KING, JR. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, today I wish to celebrate the life and legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., whose birthday the Nation celebrated yester-day. Dr. King once said: ‘‘The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and con-venience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy.’’ These words are a specter, speaking to us now as though written for political mo-ments precisely like the one we find ourselves in today. These words reflect the wisdom and tenacity of a man who deftly shaped his own moment and made our country better, fairer, and more just in the process. Dr. King was a remarkable figure, perhaps most of all because he was an ordinary man—a husband and a father like so many others—who made ex-traordinary choices. In the face of a so-ciety that told him he must sit down, he chose to take a stand. In the face of evil and systemic bigotry, he chose to embody the tenets of love and peace. In the face of improbable odds, he chose to fight. As a result, his legacy of tol-erance, respect, and equality is forever cemented in the very foundation of this country, and we are all the better for it. Right up until the moment his life was taken from him, 50 years ago this year, Dr. King fought for an equal soci-ety, an equitable society, wherein we would judge one another not by the color of each other’s skin, but by the content of our character. He was a shining beacon for all those who had come before him and all those who would come after, who, at tremendous risk to their own lives and livelihoods, have fought ceaselessly in the name of civil rights, fair wages, the eradication of poverty, and the right of all Ameri-cans to vote. His wisdom still guides us even now, so many decades removed from his time here. When, in the 2013 case Shelby County v. Holder, the Supreme Court dismantled the Voting Rights Act that Dr. King was instrumental in passing, many of us vowed to per-severe, to pass new legislation, know-ing that is what Dr. King would have expected and would have done himself. Discriminatory practices such as voter identification requirements have made a resurgence in recent years, making it more difficult for citizens to exercise their most basic, fundamental right. Bigoted, hateful rhetoric has sadly con-tinued into our lifetime, threatening the livelihoods and the dignity of peo-ple of color all across America. Mis-understanding of those from other countries or backgrounds all too often guides our politics, and fringe groups are all too often successful in stoking that fear into hate. Despite all of this, I am optimistic about our future because, as Dr. King put it best, ‘‘The arc of the moral uni-verse is long, but it bends toward jus-tice.’’ That is the other half of Dr. King’s legacy: hope—pure, undiluted, undeterred. We have tremendous chal-lenges before us, just as he did then. I am hopeful when I watch Dreamers march on the U.S. Capitol, asking us to live up to our own promise as a nation. I am hopeful when I see women of all races, creeds, orientations, and back-grounds rally together as one, demand-ing to be heard, to be believed, to be counted. I am hopeful when I watch Black Lives Matter organize incred-ible, peaceful protests, keeping us all accountable, and I am hopeful when I see Americans of all different stripes join them. Today both Dr. King’s message and methods are as relevant as ever. He lives on in the footfall of peacefully marching protesters and in every word spoken in opposition to inequality and injustice. He lives on in the diversity of our college campuses and the all-too- slow, but steady, representation of peo-ple of color in our government. He lives on in all the ordinary men and women of this country who, every day, make extraordinary choices, like meeting hate with love, and the darkness of our troubled times with the light of their own hope. Even in difficult times, through vio-lence and denial, Dr. King maintained his dream, and as he said in the last sermon he gave in Tennessee, through every plight, he saw the Promised Land upon that great mountaintop. As we come together to celebrate his birth-day, let us pledge to follow his foot-steps up that mountain, to carry on his dream, until we meet him there. 
f 
REMEMBERING JOSEPH WILLIAM NOVOTNY Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD the remarks I gave at the medal presentation to Joseph William Novotny’s family on January 13. 2018, in Glendive, MT. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
U.S. Senator Jon Tester Joseph William Novotny Medal Presentation January 13, 2018 Glendive, Montana Thank you all for being here today. And a special welcome to Emma Bartholomew, Kathy Hegel and all of Joe’s family. Today is a day years in the making. The efforts to get Joe the recognition and mili-tary medal he deserves has spanned years and generations of his family. One of my greatest honors in the U.S. Sen-ate is recognizing the service of the brave men and women who serve our country. Men like Joe who don’t often seek recognition for their bravery. It’s my honor to be here today to present Ms. Bartholomew with her brother’s medal. I will now read the citation that was printed in the United States Congressional Record, forever commemorating Joe’s actions and the long overdue medal that now belongs to his family. CONGRESSIONAL RECORD  Mr. President, I rise today to recognize the service and courage of Mr. Joseph William Novotny. Joe was born in Wibaux, Montana, the sev-enth of eight children, and grew up roaming the plains of Eastern Montana. Joe had recently finished his second year of high school at Sacred Heart Catholic School in Miles City when he enlisted in the military. It was a week after his 17th birth-day, nearly a year before he was eligible for the draft. He would serve in the Navy, spending two years on board the U.S.S. John R. Craig. Joe would be honorably discharged in July of 1950, days before the three year anniversary of his enlistment. Civilian life wouldn’t hold Joe for long. He reenlisted, this time in the U.S. Army, in time to deploy to the conflict of the Korean War. On March 1, 1951, Private First Class Novotny’s unit was pinned down by intense enemy machine gun fire. Before long, several of his fellow infantrymen were wounded. Looking around him, at wounded soldiers, with bullets whizzing around them, Joe made a gut decision. He was the division litter bearer, and he went to work. In the ultimate display of courage and self-less sacrifice, Joe abandoned his covered po-sition to run across the bullet-riddled terrain toward some of the wounded American sol-diers. Again he found himself pinned down by enemy fire, before he could reach his fellow soldiers. Several times Joe moved to reach the wounded soldiers in his unit. Several times he risked his own life to reach his peers. It was only after a bullet struck his knee that he crawled back to cover. He received treatment in the field before being trans-ported to a military hospital. He remained there for about four months before he could travel back to the United States. Like so many of his fellow soldiers, Joe’s injuries followed him home. By his early 50’s Joe was relying on VA assisted living facili-ties as he struggled with his injury and sub-sequent related illnesses. Joe passed away February 24, 2005. It wasn’t until after his death that his brother began to look in to Joe’s service. While his brother passed away before his search could bear fruit, his niece Kathy took things up. Today, I want the record to show that this was a man who volunteered to serve his country, not once, but twice, in two branches of the military. A man who despite heavy enemy fire, risked his own life to get his fellow wounded soldiers. He only stopped once he himself was wounded. A humble man who didn’t speak much about his military service after his dis-charge, despite the actions that earned him four distinct military honors. Joseph Novotny is an American hero, and I am honored to present his story and to en-sure that it is celebrated in America’s his-tory forever. Mr. President, I yield the floor. f 
200TH ANNIVERSARY OF MEXICO, MAINE Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, today I wish to commemorate the 200th anni-versary of the town of Mexico, ME. Mexico was built with a spirit of deter-mination and resiliency that still guides the community today, and this is a time to celebrate the generations 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JA6.023 S16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S187 January 16, 2018 
of hard-working and caring people who have made it such a wonderful place to live, work, and raise families. The year of Mexico’s incorporation, 1818, was but one milestone in a long journey of progress. For thousands of years, the land of fields, streams, and forests of what is now Oxford County was the home of the Abenaki. The rev-erence the Abenaki had for the natural beauty and resources of the region is upheld by the people of Mexico today. In 1789, the Massachusetts General Court granted 30,000 acres on the banks of the Androscoggin River to Colonel John Holman, a hero of the American Revolution. Officially named Township Number 1, the new settlement was pop-ularly known by its growing popu-lation as Holmanstown. Upon incorpo-ration in 1818, the townspeople chose a name that was inspired by the ongoing struggle by the country of Mexico for independence from Spain and that re-flected their own commitment to American liberty. With the mighty Androscoggin River providing power, Mexico soon was home to many lumber, grain, and tex-tile mills. When the first paper mill opened across the river in Rumford in 1893, the people of Mexico were part of the skilled and dedicated workforce that built a great Maine industry. The prosperity produced by hard work and determination was invested in schools and churches to create a true commu-nity. Today visitors and residents alike enjoy Mexico’s scenery, historic build-ings, and outdoor recreation opportuni-ties. The energy and planning that are going into Mexico’s 200th anniversary celebration demonstrate the pride townspeople have in their town. The celebration of Mexico’s 200th an-niversary is not merely about the pass-ing of time; it is about human accom-plishment. We celebrate the people who, from the dawn of our Nation to our time, have pulled together, cared for one another, and built a great com-munity. Thanks to those who came be-fore, Mexico, ME, has a wonderful his-tory. Thanks to those there today, it has a bright future. 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE At 4:33 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 4578. An act to authorize certain counter terrorist networks activities of U.S. Customs and Broder Protection, and for other purposes. H.R. 4708. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to issue Department of Homeland Security-wide guidance and de-velop training programs as part of the De-partment of Homeland Security Blue Cam-paign, and for other purposes. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
At 7:12 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bills: H.R. 984. An act to extend Federal recogni-tion to the Chickahominy Indian Tribe, the Chickahominy Indian Tribe—Eastern Divi-sion, the Upper Mattaponi Tribe, the Rappa-hannock Tribe, Inc., the Monacan Indian Na-tion, and the Nansemond Indian Tribe. H.R. 4641. An act to authorize the Presi-dent to award the Medal of Honor to John L. Canley for acts of valor during the Vietnam War while a member of the Marine Corps. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bill was read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 4578. An act to authorize certain counter terrorist networks activities of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME The following bill was read the first time: 
S. 2311. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to protect pain-capable unborn children, and for other purposes. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communication was laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and was referred as indicated: 
EC–4040. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Management and Budget, Exec-utive Office of the President, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to discre-tionary appropriations legislation; to the Committee on the Budget. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. GRASSLEY, from the Committee on the Judiciary, with amendments: S. 2152. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for assistance for vic-tims of child pornography, and for other pur-poses. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. LEE (for himself and Mr. C RUZ): S. 2306. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to encourage the use of 529 plans and Coverdell education savings ac-counts, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself and Mr. B
ROWN ): S. 2307. A bill to require countries to com-ply with certain labor standards to be eligi-ble for the Generalized System of Pref-erences, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself and Mr. P
ORTMAN ): S. 2308. A bill to provide for the suspension of the eligibility for the Generalized System of Preferences of countries that fail to meet minimum standards for the elimination of human trafficking, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. MERKLEY (for himself and Mr. KAINE): S. 2309. A bill to provide a process for en-suring the United States does not default on its obligations; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Mr. TESTER: S. 2310. A bill to require the United States Trade Representative to permit the public to submit comments on trade agreement nego-tiations through the Internet; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Mr. GRAHAM (for himself, Mr. L
ANKFORD , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. M
CCAIN, Mr. D AINES , Mr. S COTT, Mr. G
RASSLEY , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. L
EE, Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. S
ASSE, Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. P
ERDUE , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. C
OCHRAN , Mrs. E RNST , Mr. M CCON-
NELL , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. C
OTTON , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. P
AUL, Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. B URR, Mr. B
ARRASSO , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. I SAK-
SON, Mr. T HUNE , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. S
HELBY , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. E NZI, Mr. Y
OUNG , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. K
ENNEDY , Mr. C ORKER , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. H
OEVEN , Mr. T OOMEY , and Mr. H
ELLER ): S. 2311. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to protect pain-capable unborn children, and for other purposes; read the first time. By Mr. CASSIDY: S. 2312. A bill to provide a moratorium on registration of new non-rural section 340B hospitals and associated sites, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. VAN HOLLEN (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO): S. 2313. A bill to deter foreign interference in United States elections, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. B
LUNT , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. C
RAPO , Mr. L EE, Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. T
ILLIS , and Mrs. E RNST ): S. Con. Res. 32. A concurrent resolution af-firming the importance of religious freedom as a fundamental human right that is essen-tial to a free society and protected for all people of the United States under the Con-stitution of the United States, and recog-nizing the 232nd anniversary of the enact-ment of the Virginia Statute for Religious Freedom; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 326 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 326, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide for the tax-exempt financing of certain government-owned buildings. 
S. 411 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Minnesota 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JA6.019 S16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES188 January 16, 2018 
(Ms. S MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 411, a bill to eliminate racial, reli-gious, and other discriminatory profiling by law enforcement, and for other purposes. 
S. 424 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 424, a bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to include cer-tain Federal positions within the defi-nition of law enforcement officer for retirement purposes, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 479 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 479, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to waive coin-surance under Medicare for colorectal cancer screening tests, regardless of whether therapeutic intervention is re-quired during the screening. 
S. 482 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 482, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to treat certain amounts paid for physical activity, fit-ness, and exercise as amounts paid for medical care. 
S. 693 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the names of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) and the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 693, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to increase the number of permanent faculty in palliative care at accredited allopathic and osteopathic medical schools, nurs-ing schools, social work schools, and other programs, including physician assistant education programs, to pro-mote education and research in pallia-tive care and hospice, and to support the development of faculty careers in academic palliative medicine. 
S. 793 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 793, a bill to prohibit sale of shark fins, and for other purposes. 
S. 842 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 842, a bill to prohibit Federal agencies and Federal contractors from requesting that an applicant for em-ployment disclose criminal history record information before the appli-cant has received a conditional offer, and for other purposes. 
S. 999 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 999, a bill to amend the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act to perma-nently prohibit the conduct of offshore drilling on the outer Continental Shelf in the Mid-Atlantic, South Atlantic, North Atlantic, and Straits of Florida planning areas. S. 1050 
At the request of Ms. D UCKWORTH , the name of the Senator from Massa-chusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1050, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the Chinese-American Veterans of World War II, in recognition of their dedicated service during World War II. 
S. 1106 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1106, a bill to designate the same indi-vidual serving as the Chief Nurse Offi-cer of the Public Health Service as the National Nurse for Public Health. 
S. 1503 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1503, a bill to require the Sec-retary of the Treasury to mint coins in recognition of the 60th anniversary of the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame. 
S. 1591 
At the request of Mr. V ANHOLLEN , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1591, a bill to impose sanctions with respect to the Democratic Peo-ple’s Republic of Korea, and for other purposes. 
S. 1693 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1693, a bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to clarify that section 230 of that Act does not prohibit the enforcement against pro-viders and users of interactive com-puter services of Federal and State criminal and civil law relating to sex trafficking. 
S. 1764 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1764, a bill to extend the principle of federalism to State drug policy, provide access to medical mari-juana, and enable research into the me-dicinal properties of marijuana. 
S. 1920 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1920, a bill to amend title 40, United States Code, to direct the Ad-ministrator of General Services to in-corporate bird-safe building materials and design features into public build-ings, and for other purposes. 
S. 2121 
At the request of Mr. B ENNET , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2121, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to re-quire reporting of certain data by pro-viders and suppliers of air ambulance services for purposes of reforming re-imbursements for such services under the Medicare program, and for other purposes. S. 2235 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2235, a bill to establish a tiered hiring preference for members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces. 
S. 2295 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2295, a bill to increase the rates of pay under the General Sched-ule and other statutory pay systems and for prevailing rate employees by 3.0 percent, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 363 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. Res. 363, a resolution express-ing profound concern about the grow-ing political, humanitarian, and eco-nomic crisis in Venezuela and the wide-spread human rights abuses per-petrated by the Government of Ven-ezuela. 
S. RES. 367 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the names of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) and the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 367, a resolu-tion condemning the Government of Iran for its violence against dem-onstrators and calling for peaceful res-olution to the concerns of the citizens of Iran. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-TION 32—AFFIRMING THE IMPOR-TANCE OF RELIGIOUS FREEDOM AS A FUNDAMENTAL HUMAN RIGHT THAT IS ESSENTIAL TO A FREE SOCIETY AND PROTECTED FOR ALL PEOPLE OF THE UNITED STATES UNDER THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES, AND RECOGNIZING THE 232ND ANNIVERSARY OF THE EN-ACTMENT OF THE VIRGINIA STATUTE FOR RELIGIOUS FREE-DOM Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. L
ANKFORD , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. B LUNT , Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. L
EE, Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. T ILLIS , and Mrs. E
RNST ) submitted the following concurrent resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on the Judici-ary: Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. C ON. RES. 32 Whereas the democracy of the United States is rooted in the fundamental truth 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA6.009 S16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S189 January 16, 2018 
that all people are created equal, endowed by the Creator with certain inalienable rights, including life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness; Whereas the freedom of conscience was highly valued by— (1) individuals seeking religious freedom who settled in the colonies in the United States; (2) the founders of the United States; and (3) Thomas Jefferson, who wrote in a letter to the Society of the Methodist Episcopal Church at New London, Connecticut, dated February 4, 1809, that ‘‘[n]o provision in our Constitution ought to be dearer to man than that which protects the rights of conscience against the enterprizes of the civil author-ity’’; Whereas the Virginia Statute for Religious Freedom was— (1) drafted by Thomas Jefferson, who con-sidered the Virginia Statute for Religious Freedom to be one of his greatest achieve-ments; (2) enacted on January 16, 1786; and (3) the forerunner to the Free Exercise Clause of the First Amendment to the Con-stitution of the United States; Whereas section 2(a) of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6401(a)) states that— (1) ‘‘[t]he right to freedom of religion undergirds the very origin and existence of the United States’’; and (2) religious freedom was established by the founders of the United States ‘‘in law, as a fundamental right and as a pillar of our Nation’’; Whereas the role of religion in society and public life in the United States has a long and robust tradition; Whereas individuals who have studied the democracy of the United States from an international perspective, such as Alexis de Tocqueville, have noted that religion plays a central role in preserving the Government of the United States because religion provides the moral base required for democracy to succeed; Whereas, in Town of Greece v. Galloway, 134 S. Ct. 1811 (2014), the Supreme Court of the United States affirmed that ‘‘people of many faiths may be united in a community of tolerance and devotion’’; Whereas the principle of religious freedom ‘‘has guided our Nation forward’’, as ex-pressed by the 44th President of the United States in a Presidential proclamation on Re-ligious Freedom Day in 2011, and freedom of religion ‘‘is a universal human right to be protected here at home and across the globe’’, as expressed by that President of the United States on Religious Freedom Day in 2013; Whereas ‘‘[f]reedom of religion is a funda-mental human right that must be upheld by every nation and guaranteed by every gov-ernment’’, as expressed by the 42nd President of the United States in a Presidential procla-mation on Religious Freedom Day in 1999; Whereas the First Amendment to the Con-stitution of the United States protects— (1) the right of individuals to freely express and act on the religious beliefs of those indi-viduals; and (2) individuals from coercion to profess or act on a religious belief to which those indi-viduals do not adhere; Whereas ‘‘our laws and institutions should not impede or hinder but rather should pro-tect and preserve fundamental religious lib-erties’’, as expressed by the 42nd President of the United States in remarks accompanying the signing of the Religious Freedom Res-toration Act of 1993 (42 U.S.C. 2000bb et seq.); Whereas, for countless people of the United States, faith is an integral part of every as-pect of daily life and is not limited to the homes, houses of worship, or doctrinal creeds of those individuals; Whereas ‘‘religious faith has inspired many of our fellow citizens to help build a better Nation’’ in which ‘‘people of faith continue to wage a determined campaign to meet needs and fight suffering’’, as expressed by the 43rd President of the United States in a Presidential proclamation on Religious Free-dom Day in 2003; Whereas, ‘‘from its birth to this day, the United States has prized this legacy of reli-gious freedom and honored this heritage by standing for religious freedom and offering refuge to those suffering religious persecu-tion’’, as noted in section 2(a) of the Inter-national Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6401(a)); Whereas Thomas Jefferson wrote— (1) in 1798 that each right encompassed in the First Amendment to the Constitution of the United States is dependent on the other rights described in that Amendment, ‘‘there-by guarding in the same sentence, and under the same words, the freedom of religion, of speech, and of the press: insomuch, that whatever violated either, throws down the sanctuary which covers the others’’; and (2) in 1822 that the constitutional freedom of religion is ‘‘the most inalienable and sa-cred of all human rights’’; Whereas religious freedom ‘‘has been inte-gral to the preservation and development of the United States’’, and ‘‘the free exercise of religion goes hand in hand with the preserva-tion of our other rights’’, as expressed by the 41st President of the United States in a Pres-idential proclamation on Religious Freedom Day in 1993; and Whereas we ‘‘continue to proclaim the fun-damental right of all peoples to believe and worship according to their own conscience, to affirm their beliefs openly and freely, and to practice their faith without fear or in-timidation’’, as expressed by the 42nd Presi-dent of the United States in a Presidential proclamation on Religious Freedom Day in 1998: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), That Congress— (1) on Religious Freedom Day on January 16, 2018, honors the 232nd anniversary of the enactment of the Virginia Statute for Reli-gious Freedom; and (2) affirms that— (A) for individuals of any faith and individ-uals of no faith, religious freedom includes the right of an individual to live, work, asso-ciate, and worship in accordance with the be-liefs of the individual; (B) all people of the United States can be unified in supporting religious freedom, re-gardless of differing individual beliefs, be-cause religious freedom is a fundamental human right; and (C) ‘‘the American people will remain for-ever unshackled in matters of faith’’, as ex-pressed by the 44th President of the United States in a Presidential proclamation on Re-ligious Freedom Day in 2012. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 1875. Mr. LEE (for himself, Mr. L EAHY , Mr. D
AINES , and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the House amendment to the bill S. 139, to implement the use of Rapid DNA in-struments to inform decisions about pretrial release or detention and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1876. Mr. LEE (for himself, Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. D
AINES , and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the House amendment to the bill S. 139, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1877. Mr. LEE (for himself, Mr. LEAHY , Mr. D
AINES , and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the House amendment to the bill S. 139, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1878. Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, Ms. H
ARRIS , Mr. L EAHY , and Mr. L EE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the House amendment to the bill S. 139, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1879. Mr. PAUL (for himself, Mr. W
YDEN , and Mr. M ARKEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 139, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1880. Mr. PAUL (for himself, Mr. W
YDEN , and Mr. M ARKEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the House amendment to the bill S. 139, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1881. Mr. PAUL (for himself, Mr. W
YDEN , and Mr. M ARKEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the House amendment to the bill S. 139, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1882. Mr. PAUL (for himself, Mr. W
YDEN , and Mr. M ARKEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the House amendment to the bill S. 139, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1883. Mr. PAUL (for himself, Mr. W
YDEN , and Mr. M ARKEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the House amendment to the bill S. 139, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1884. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. P
AUL) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the House amendment to the bill S. 139, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1885. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. P
AUL) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the House amendment to the bill S. 139, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1886. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. P
AUL) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the House amendment to the bill S. 139, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1887. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. P
AUL) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the House amendment to the bill S. 139, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1888. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. P
AUL) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the House amendment to the bill S. 139, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1889. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. P
AUL) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 139, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1890. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. P
AUL) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 139, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1891. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. P
AUL) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 139, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1892. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. P
AUL) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 139, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1893. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. P
AUL) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 139, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1894. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. P
AUL) submitted an amendment intended to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA6.010 S16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES190 January 16, 2018 
be proposed by him to the bill S. 139, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1895. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. P
AUL) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 139, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1896. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. P
AUL) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 139, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1897. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. P
AUL) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 139, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1898. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. P
AUL) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 139, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1899. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. P
AUL) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 139, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1900. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. P
AUL) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 139, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1901. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. P
AUL) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 139, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1902. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. P
AUL) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 139, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 1875. Mr. LEE (for himself, Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. D AINES , and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the House amendment to the bill S. 139, to implement the use of Rapid DNA in-struments to inform decisions about pretrial release or detention and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
On page 4, strike line 1 and all that follows through page 7, line 16, and insert the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR ACCESS AND DIS -
SEMINATION OF COLLECTIONS OF COMMUNICA -
TIONS .— ‘‘(A) C
OURT ORDERS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided under subparagraph (C), in response to a query re-lating to a United States person or a person reasonably believed to be located in the United States, the contents of queried com-munications acquired under subsection (a) may be accessed or disseminated only if— ‘‘(I) the Attorney General submits to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court an application that demonstrates that— ‘‘(aa) there is probable cause to believe that— ‘‘(AA) such contents provide evidence of a crime specified in section 2516 of title 18, United States Code; or ‘‘(BB) the individual is an agent of a for-eign power; and ‘‘(bb) any use of such communications pur-suant to section 706 will be carried out in ac-cordance with such section; and ‘‘(II) a judge of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court reviews and approves such application under clause (ii). ‘‘(ii) O
RDER .— ‘‘(I) A
PPROVAL .—Upon an application made under clause (i), the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court shall enter an order as re-quested or as modified by the Court approv-ing the access or dissemination of contents of communications covered by the applica-tion if the Court determines that, based on an independent review— ‘‘(aa) the application contains all informa-tion required under clause (i); ‘‘(bb) on the basis of the facts in the appli-cation, there is probable cause to believe that— ‘‘(AA) such contents provide evidence of a crime specified in section 2516 of title 18, United States Code; or ‘‘(BB) the person identified by the queried term is an agent of a foreign power; and ‘‘(cc) the minimization procedures adopted pursuant to subsection (e) will ensure com-pliance with clause (i)(I)(bb). ‘‘(II) REVIEW .—A denial of an application submitted under clause (i) may be reviewed as provided in section 103. ‘‘(B) E
XPEDITIOUS CONSIDERATION .—Any ap- plication submitted under subparagraph (A)(i) shall be considered by the Foreign In-telligence Surveillance Court expeditiously and without delay. ‘‘(C) E
XCEPTIONS .—The requirement for an order pursuant to subparagraph (A) shall not apply to accessing or disseminating commu-nications acquired under subsection (a) if— ‘‘(i) the Attorney General determines that the person identified by the queried term is the subject of an order based upon a finding of probable cause, or emergency authoriza-tion, that authorizes electronic surveillance or physical search under this Act or title 18, United States Code (other than such emer-gency authorizations under title IV of this Act or section 3125 of title 18, United States Code); ‘‘(ii) the Attorney General— ‘‘(I) reasonably determines that an emer-gency situation requires the accessing or dis-semination of the communications before an order pursuant to subparagraph (A) author-izing such access or dissemination can with due diligence be obtained; ‘‘(II) reasonably believes that the factual basis for the issuance of such an order exists; and ‘‘(III) with respect to the access or dissemi-nation of the contents of such communica-tions— ‘‘(aa) informs the Court at the time the At-torney General requires the emergency ac-cess or dissemination that the decision has been made to employ the authority under this clause; and ‘‘(bb) may not use the contents of such communications pursuant to section 706 if the Court finds that the determination by the Attorney General with respect to the emergency situation was not appropriate; or ‘‘(iii) there is consent provided in accord-ance with subparagraph (D). ‘‘(D) C
ONSENT .—The requirements of this paragraph do not apply with respect to— ‘‘(i) queries made using a term identifying a person who is a party to the communica-tions acquired under subsection (a), or a per-son who otherwise has lawful authority to provide consent, and who consents to such queries; or ‘‘(ii) the accessing or the dissemination of the contents or information of communica-tions acquired under subsection (a) of a per-son who is a party to the communications, or a person who otherwise has lawful authority to provide consent, and who consents to such access or dissemination. 
SA 1876. Mr. LEE (for himself, Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. D AINES , and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the House Amendment to the bill S. 139, to implement the use of Rapid DNA in-struments to inform decisions about pretrial release or detention and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-serted, insert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Uniting and Strengthening American Liberty Act of 2017’’ or the ‘‘USA Liberty Act of 2017’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Amendments to the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978. TITLE I—FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE SURVEILLANCE AND ACCOUNTABILITY Sec. 101. Court orders and protection of inci-dentally collected United States person communications. Sec. 102. Attorney General approval and ad-ditional protection of inciden-tally collected United States person communications. Sec. 103. Limitation on collection and im-provements to targeting proce-dures and minimization proce-dures. Sec. 104. Publication of minimization proce-dures under section 702. Sec. 105. Appointment of amicus curiae for annual certifications. Sec. 106. Increased accountability on inci-dentally collected communica-tions. Sec. 107. Semiannual reports on certain que-ries by Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation. Sec. 108. Additional reporting requirements. Sec. 109. Application of certain amend-ments. Sec. 110. Sense of Congress on purpose of section 702 and respecting for-eign nationals. TITLE II—SAFEGUARDS AND OVERSIGHT OF PRIVACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES Sec. 201. Limitation on retention of certain data. Sec. 202. Improvements to Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board. Sec. 203. Privacy and civil liberties officers. Sec. 204. Whistleblower protections for con-tractors of the intelligence community. TITLE III—EXTENSION OF AUTHORITIES, INCREASED PENALTIES, REPORTS, AND OTHER MATTERS Sec. 301. Extension of title VII of FISA; ef-fective dates. Sec. 302. Increased penalty for unauthorized removal and retention of classi-fied documents or material. Sec. 303. Rule of construction regarding criminal penalties for unau-thorized use of information ac-quired under section 702 and un-authorized disclosure of United States person information. Sec. 304. Comptroller General study on un-authorized disclosures and the classification system. Sec. 305. Sense of Congress on information sharing among intelligence community to protect national security. Sec. 306. Sense of Congress on combating terrorism. Sec. 307. Technical amendments and amend-ments to improve procedures of the Foreign Intelligence Sur-veillance Court of Review. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A16JA6.012 S16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S191 January 16, 2018 
Sec. 308. Severability. Sec. 309. Rule of construction. 
SEC. 2. AMENDMENTS TO THE FOREIGN INTEL-LIGENCE SURVEILLANCE ACT OF 1978. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided, whenever in this Act an amendment or re-peal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or a repeal of, a section or other provi-sion, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.). TITLE I—FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE SURVEILLANCE AND ACCOUNTABILITY 
SEC. 101. COURT ORDERS AND PROTECTION OF INCIDENTALLY COLLECTED UNITED STATES PERSON COMMUNICATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 702 (50 U.S.C. 1881a) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (j), (k), and (l) as subsections (k), (l), and (m), re-spectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (i) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(j) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR ACCESS AND DIS-
SEMINATION OF COLLECTIONS OF COMMUNICA -
TIONS .— ‘‘(1) C
OURT ORDERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided under paragraph (3), in response to a query relating to a United States person or a per-son reasonably believed to be located in the United States, the contents of queried com-munications acquired under subsection (a) may be accessed or disseminated only if— ‘‘(i) the Attorney General submits to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court an application that demonstrates that— ‘‘(I) there is probable cause to believe that— ‘‘(aa) such contents provide evidence of a crime specified in section 2516 of title 18, United States Code; or ‘‘(bb) the individual is an agent of a foreign power; and ‘‘(II) any use of such communications pur-suant to section 706 will be carried out in ac-cordance with such section; and ‘‘(ii) a judge of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court reviews and approves such application under subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) O
RDER .— ‘‘(i) A
PPROVAL .—Upon an application made under subparagraph (A), the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Court shall enter an order as requested or as modified by the Court approving the access or dissemination of contents of communications covered by the application if the Court determines that, based on an independent review— ‘‘(I) the application contains all informa-tion required under subparagraph (A); ‘‘(II) on the basis of the facts in the appli-cation, there is probable cause to believe that— ‘‘(aa) such contents provide evidence of a crime specified in section 2516 of title 18, United States Code; or ‘‘(bb) the person identified by the queried term is an agent of a foreign power; and ‘‘(III) the minimization procedures adopted pursuant to subsection (e) will ensure com-pliance with subparagraph (A)(i)(II). ‘‘(ii) R
EVIEW .—A denial of an application submitted under subparagraph (A) may be reviewed as provided in section 103. ‘‘(2) E
XPEDITIOUS CONSIDERATION .—Any ap- plication submitted under paragraph (1)(A) shall be considered by the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Court expeditiously and without delay. ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTIONS .—The requirement for an order pursuant to paragraph (1) shall not apply to accessing or disseminating commu-nications acquired under subsection (a) if— ‘‘(A) the Attorney General determines that the person identified by the queried term is the subject of an order based upon a finding of probable cause, or emergency authoriza-tion, that authorizes electronic surveillance or physical search under this Act or title 18, United States Code (other than such emer-gency authorizations under title IV of this Act or section 3125 of title 18, United States Code); ‘‘(B) the Attorney General— ‘‘(i) reasonably determines that an emer-gency situation requires the accessing or dis-semination of the communications before an order pursuant to paragraph (1) authorizing such access or dissemination can with due diligence be obtained; ‘‘(ii) reasonably believes that the factual basis for the issuance of such an order exists; and ‘‘(iii) with respect to the access or dissemi-nation of the contents of such communica-tions— ‘‘(I) informs the Court at the time the At-torney General requires the emergency ac-cess or dissemination that the decision has been made to employ the authority under this paragraph; and ‘‘(II) may not use the contents of such communications pursuant to section 706 if the Court finds that the determination by the Attorney General with respect to the emergency situation was not appropriate; or ‘‘(C) there is consent provided in accord-ance with paragraph (12).’’. (b) TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—Section 404(b)(4) of the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 Amendments Act of 2008 (50 U.S.C. 1801 note) is amended by striking ‘‘702(l)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘702(m)’’. 
SEC. 102. ATTORNEY GENERAL APPROVAL AND ADDITIONAL PROTECTION OF INCI-DENTALLY COLLECTED UNITED STATES PERSON COMMUNICATIONS. 
Subsection (j) of section 702 (50 U.S.C. 1881a), as added by section 101, is amended by inserting after paragraph (3) the following: ‘‘(4) R
ELEVANCE AND APPROVAL TO ACCESS  
NONCONTENTS INFORMATION .—Except as pro-vided under paragraph (5), in response to a query relating to a United States person or a person reasonably believed to be located in the United States, the information of com-munications acquired under subsection (a) relating to dialing, routing, addressing, or signaling information that is not content and could otherwise be lawfully obtained under title IV of this Act may be accessed or disseminated only— ‘‘(A) with the approval of the Attorney General; ‘‘(B) if such information is relevant to an authorized investigation or assessment and is not sought solely on the basis of activities protected by the First Amendment to the Constitution of the United States; ‘‘(C) if an order based on probable cause would not be required by law to obtain such information if requested as part of an inves-tigation of a Federal crime; and ‘‘(D) if any use of such communications pursuant to section 706 will be carried out in accordance with such section. ‘‘(5) E
XCEPTIONS .—The requirement for ap-proval of the Attorney General under para-graph (4)(A) shall not apply to accessing or disseminating information of communica-tions acquired under subsection (a) relating to dialing, routing, addressing, or signaling information that is not content and could otherwise be lawfully obtained under title IV of this Act if— ‘‘(A) the Attorney General determines that the person identified by the queried term is the subject of an order based upon a finding of probable cause, or emergency authoriza-tion, that authorizes electronic surveillance or physical search under this Act or title 18, United States Code (other than such emer-gency authorizations under title IV of this Act or section 3125 of title 18, United States Code); ‘‘(B) a supervisory determination is ob-tained that— ‘‘(i) reasonably determines that an emer-gency situation requires the accessing or dis-semination of the information of commu-nications before the approval of the Attor-ney General under paragraph (4)(A) can with due diligence be obtained; ‘‘(ii) reasonably believes that the factual basis for the approval of the Attorney Gen-eral under paragraph (4)(A) exists; and ‘‘(iii) with respect to the access or dissemi-nation of such information of communica-tions— ‘‘(I) informs the Attorney General at the time the supervisor requires the emergency access or dissemination that the decision has been made to employ the authority under this subparagraph; and ‘‘(II) may not use such information of com-munications pursuant to section 706 if the Attorney General finds that the determina-tion by the supervisor with respect to the emergency situation was not appropriate; or ‘‘(C) there is consent provided in accord-ance with paragraph (12). ‘‘(6) DUE DILIGENCE .—A determination of whether the person identified by the queried term is a United States person or a person reasonably believed to be located in the United States under paragraph (1) or (4) shall be made based on the totality of the cir-cumstances, including by, to the extent prac-ticable, ensuring that any conflicting infor-mation regarding whether the person is a United States person or is reasonably be-lieved to be located outside the United States is resolved before making such deter-mination. If there is insufficient information available to make a determination, the per-son identified by the queried term shall be considered a United States person or person reasonably believed to be located in the United States for purposes of paragraphs (1) and (4). ‘‘(7) L
IMITATION ON ELECTRONIC SURVEIL -
LANCE OF UNITED STATES PERSONS .—If the At- torney General determines that it is nec-essary to conduct electronic surveillance on a known United States person whose commu-nications have been acquired under sub-section (a), the Attorney General may only conduct such electronic surveillance using authority provided under other provisions of law. ‘‘(8) S
IMULTANEOUS QUERY OF FBI DATA -
BASES .—Except as otherwise provided by law or applicable minimization procedures, the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion shall ensure that all available investiga-tive or intelligence databases of the Federal Bureau of Investigation are simultaneously queried when the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation properly uses an information sys-tem of the Federal Bureau of Investigation to determine whether information exists in such a database. ‘‘(9) D
ELEGATION .—The Attorney General shall delegate the authority under this sub-section to the fewest number of officials that the Attorney General determines prac-ticable. ‘‘(10) R
ETENTION OF AUDITABLE RECORDS .— ‘‘(A) R
ECORDS .—The Attorney General shall retain records of queries of a collection of communications acquired under sub-section (a). The heads of elements of the in-telligence community that are not compo-nents of the Department of Justice shall re-tain records of queries of a collection of com-munications acquired under subsection (a) that use a term identifying a United States person or a person located in the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA6.014 S16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES192 January 16, 2018 
‘‘(B) R EQUIREMENTS .—Records retained under subparagraph (A) shall— ‘‘(i) include queries for not less than 5 years after the date on which the query is made; and ‘‘(ii) be maintained in a manner that is auditable and available for congressional oversight. ‘‘(11) C
OMPLIANCE AND MAINTENANCE .—The requirements of this subsection do not apply with respect to queries made for the purpose of— ‘‘(A) submitting to Congress information required by this Act or otherwise ensuring compliance with the requirements of this section; or ‘‘(B) performing maintenance or testing of information systems. ‘‘(12) C
ONSENT .—The requirements of this subsection do not apply with respect to— ‘‘(A) queries made using a term identifying a person who is a party to the communica-tions acquired under subsection (a), or a per-son who otherwise has lawful authority to provide consent, and who consents to such queries; or ‘‘(B) the accessing or the dissemination of the contents or information of communica-tions acquired under subsection (a) of a per-son who is a party to the communications, or a person who otherwise has lawful authority to provide consent, and who consents to such access or dissemination. ‘‘(13) Q
UERY PURPOSES .—The contents of communications acquired under subsection (a) and the information relating to the dial-ing, routing, addressing, or signaling infor-mation of such communications may only be queried if the query is reasonably designed to return foreign intelligence information or evidence of a crime.’’. 
SEC. 103. LIMITATION ON COLLECTION AND IM-PROVEMENTS TO TARGETING PRO-CEDURES AND MINIMIZATION PRO-CEDURES. 
(a) T ARGETING PROCEDURES ; LIMITATION ON  C
OLLECTION .—Section 702(d) (50 U.S.C. 1881a(d)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘The At-torney General’’ and inserting ‘‘In accord-ance with paragraphs (3) and (4), the Attor-ney General’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(3) D
UE DILIGENCE .—The procedures adopt-ed in accordance with paragraph (1) shall re-quire due diligence in determining whether a person targeted is a non-United States per-son reasonably believed to be located outside the United States by— ‘‘(A) making the determination based on the totality of the circumstances, including by, to the extent practicable, ensuring that any conflicting information regarding whether the person is reasonably believed to be located outside the United States or is a United States person is resolved before mak-ing such determination; ‘‘(B) documenting the processes used for determinations described in subparagraph (A); and ‘‘(C) documenting the rationale for why targeting such person will result in the ac-quisition of foreign intelligence information authorized by subsection (a). ‘‘(4) L
IMITATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The procedures adopted in accordance with paragraph (1) shall re-quire that the targeting of a person is lim-ited to communications to or from the tar-geted person. ‘‘(B) A
NNUAL REPORT .—On an annual basis, the Attorney General shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees and the Committees on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report on— ‘‘(i) any difficulty relating to the limita-tion under subparagraph (A); and ‘‘(ii) the technical feasibility of ensuring that the handling of communications ac-quired under subsection (a) with respect to incidentally collected United States person information complies with the minimization procedures adopted under subsection (e).’’. (b) MINIMIZATION PROCEDURES .—Section 702(e) (50 U.S.C. 1881a(e)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, and the requirements of this subsection’’ before the period at the end; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) R
EQUESTS TO UNMASK INFORMATION .— The procedures adopted under paragraph (1) shall include specific procedures adopted by the Attorney General for elements of the in-telligence community to submit requests to unmask information in disseminated intel-ligence reports. Such specific procedures shall— ‘‘(A) require the documentation of the re-questing individual that such request is for legitimate reasons authorized pursuant to paragraph (1); and ‘‘(B) require the retention of the records of each request, including— ‘‘(i) a copy of the request; ‘‘(ii) the name and position of the indi-vidual who is making the request; and ‘‘(iii) if the request is approved, the name and position of the individual who approved the request and the date of the approval.’’. (c) U
NMASK DEFINED .—Section 701(b) (50 U.S.C. 1881(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) U
NMASK .—The term ‘unmask’ means, with respect to a disseminated intelligence report containing a reference to a United States person that does not identify that person (including by name or title), to dis-seminate the identity of the United States person, including the name or title of the person.’’. (d) C
ONSISTENT REQUIREMENTS TORETAIN  R
ECORDS ON REQUESTS TOUNMASK INFORMA -
TION.—The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.) is amended as follows: (1) In section 101(h) (50 U.S.C. 1801(h))— (A) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (B) in paragraph (4), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) specific procedures as described in sec-tion 702(e)(3).’’. (2) In section 301(4) (50 U.S.C. 1821(4))— (A) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (B) in subparagraph (D), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(E) specific procedures as described in section 702(e)(3).’’. (3) In section 402(h) (50 U.S.C. 1842(h))— (A) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-graph (3); and (B) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing new paragraph (2): ‘‘(2) R
EQUESTS FOR NONPUBLICLY AVAILABLE  
INFORMATION .—The policies and procedures adopted under paragraph (1) shall include specific procedures as described in section 702(e)(3).’’. (4) In section 501(g)(2) (50 U.S.C. 1861(g)(2))— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (B) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) specific procedures as described in section 702(e)(3).’’. (e) REPORT ON UNMASKING .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intel-ligence shall submit to the Permanent Se-lect Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives, the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate, and the Commit-tees on the Judiciary of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate a report on the progress made by the Director with respect to— (1) ensuring that incidentally collected communications of United States persons (as defined in section 101 of the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801)) are properly masked if masking is nec-essary; and (2) implementing procedures for requests to unmask information under section 702(e)(3) of such Act (50 U.S.C. 1881a(e)(3)), as added by subsection (c). 
SEC. 104. PUBLICATION OF MINIMIZATION PRO-CEDURES UNDER SECTION 702. 
Section 702(e) (50 U.S.C. 1881a(e)), as amended by section 103, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) P
UBLICATION .—The Director of Na-tional Intelligence, in consultation with the Attorney General, shall— ‘‘(A) conduct a declassification review of any minimization procedures adopted or amended in accordance with paragraph (1); and ‘‘(B) consistent with such review, and not later than 180 days after conducting such re-view, make such minimization procedures publicly available to the greatest extent practicable, which may be in redacted form.’’. 
SEC. 105. APPOINTMENT OF AMICUS CURIAE FOR ANNUAL CERTIFICATIONS. 
Section 103(i) (50 U.S.C. 1803(i)(2)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (B) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as subparagraph (C); and (C) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the following new subparagraph (B): ‘‘(B) shall appoint an individual who has been designated under paragraph (1) to serve as amicus curiae to assist such court in the review of a certification under section 702(i), unless the court issues a finding that such appointment is not necessary; and’’; and (2) in paragraphs (4) and (5), by striking ‘‘paragraph (2)(A)’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (A) or (B) of paragraph (2)’’. 
SEC. 106. INCREASED ACCOUNTABILITY ON INCI-DENTALLY COLLECTED COMMU-NICATIONS. 
Section 707 (50 U.S.C. 1881f) is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(c) I
NCIDENTALLY COLLECTED COMMUNICA -
TIONS AND OTHER INFORMATION .—Together with the semiannual report submitted under subsection (a), the Director of National In-telligence shall submit to the congressional committees specified in such subsection a re-port on incidentally collected communica-tions and other information regarding United States persons under section 702. Each such report shall include, with respect to the 6-month period covered by the report, the following: ‘‘(1) Except as provided by paragraph (2), the number, or a good faith estimate, of communications of United States persons ac-quired under subsection (a) of such section, including a description of any efforts of the intelligence community to ascertain such number or good faith estimate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA6.014 S16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S193 January 16, 2018 
‘‘(2) If the Director determines that the number, or a good faith estimate, under paragraph (1) is not achievable, a detailed explanation for why such number or good faith estimate is not achievable. ‘‘(3) The number of— ‘‘(A) United States persons whose informa-tion is unmasked pursuant to the procedures adopted under subsection (e)(3) of such sec-tion; ‘‘(B) requests made by an element of the intelligence community, listed by each such element, to unmask information pursuant to such subsection; and ‘‘(C) requests that resulted in the dissemi-nation of names, titles, or other identifiers potentially associated with individuals pur-suant to such subsection, including the ele-ment of the intelligence community and po-sition of the individual making the request. ‘‘(4) The number of disseminations of com-munications acquired under subsection (a) of section 702 to the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation for cases unrelated to foreign intel-ligence. ‘‘(5) The number of instances in which evi-dence of a crime unrelated to foreign intel-ligence that was identified in communica-tions acquired under subsection (a) of section 702 was disseminated from the national secu-rity branch of the Bureau to the criminal in-vestigative division of the Bureau (or from such successor branch to such successor divi-sion). ‘‘(6) The number of individuals to whom the Attorney General has delegated author-ity pursuant to subsection (j)(2)(G) of section 702.’’. 
SEC. 107. SEMIANNUAL REPORTS ON CERTAIN QUERIES BY FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION. 
Section 707 (50 U.S.C. 1881f), as amended by section 106, is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) S
EMIANNUAL FBI R EPORTS .—Together with the semiannual report submitted under subsection (a), the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation shall submit to the congressional committees specified in such subsection, and make publicly available, a report containing, with respect to the period covered by the report— ‘‘(1) the number of applications made by the Federal Bureau of Investigation de-scribed in subsection (j)(1)(A) of section 702; ‘‘(2) the number of such applications that were approved and resulted in the contents of communications being accessed or dis-seminated pursuant to such subsection; and ‘‘(3) the number of Attorney General ap-provals made pursuant to subsection (j)(4)(A) of such section.’’. 
SEC. 108. ADDITIONAL REPORTING REQUIRE-MENTS. 
(a) E LECTRONIC SURVEILLANCE .—Section 107 (50 U.S.C. 1807) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 107. REPORT OF ELECTRONIC SURVEIL-LANCE. 
‘‘(a) A NNUAL REPORT .—In April of each year, the Attorney General shall transmit to the Administrative Office of the United States Courts and to Congress a report set-ting forth with respect to the preceding cal-endar year— ‘‘(1) the total number of applications made for orders and extensions of orders approving electronic surveillance under this title; ‘‘(2) the total number of such orders and extensions either granted, modified, or de-nied; and ‘‘(3) the total number of persons who were subject to electronic surveillance conducted under an order or emergency authorization under this title, rounded to the nearest 500, including the number of such individuals who are United States persons, reported to the nearest band of 500, starting with 0–499. ‘‘(b) FORM.—Each report under subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form. Not later than 7 days after the date on which the Attorney General submits each such re-port, the Attorney General shall make the report publicly available.’’. (b) P
ENREGISTERS AND TRAP AND TRACE  D
EVICES .—Section 406 (50 U.S.C. 1846) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (B) in paragraph (5), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) a good faith estimate of the total num-ber of subjects who were targeted by the in-stallation and use of a pen register or trap and trace device under an order or emer-gency authorization issued under this title, rounded to the nearest 500, including— ‘‘(A) the number of such subjects who are United States persons, reported to the near-est band of 500, starting with 0–499; and ‘‘(B) of the number of United States per-sons described in subparagraph (A), the num-ber of persons whose information acquired pursuant to such order was reviewed or accessed by a Federal officer, employee, or agent, reported to the nearest band of 500, starting with 0–499.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(c) Each report under subsection (b) shall be submitted in unclassified form. Not later than 7 days after the date on which the At-torney General submits such a report, the Attorney General shall make such report publicly available.’’. 
SEC. 109. APPLICATION OF CERTAIN AMEND-MENTS. 
The amendments made by sections 101, 102, and 103 of this Act shall apply with respect to applications, certifications, and proce-dures submitted to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court on or after the date that is 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 110. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON PURPOSE OF SECTION 702 AND RESPECTING FOR-EIGN NATIONALS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the acquisition of communications by the National Security Agency under section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (50 U.S.C. 1881a) should be conducted within the bounds of treaties and agreements to which the United States is a party, and there should be no targeting of non-United States persons for any unfounded discrimina-tory purpose or for the purpose of affording a commercial competitive advantage to com-panies and business sectors of the United States; and (2) the authority to collect intelligence under such section 702 is meant to shield the United States, and by extension, the allies of the United States, from security threats. TITLE II—SAFEGUARDS AND OVERSIGHT OF PRIVACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES 
SEC. 201. LIMITATION ON RETENTION OF CER-TAIN DATA. 
Subsection (m) of section 702 (50 U.S.C. 1881a), as redesignated by section 101, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (4); and (2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing new paragraph (2): ‘‘(2) A
FFIDAVIT ON DELETION INCLUDED IN  
SEMIANNUAL ASSESSMENT TO FISC AND CON -
GRESS .—Each semiannual assessment under paragraph (1) shall include, with respect to the 6-month period covered by the assess-ment, an affidavit by the Director of the Na-tional Security Agency, without delegation, that communications acquired under sub-section (a) determined not to contain foreign intelligence information, if any, were de-leted.’’. SEC. 202. IMPROVEMENTS TO PRIVACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES OVERSIGHT BOARD. 
(a) A PPOINTMENT OF STAFF .—Subsection (j) of section 1061 of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee(j)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(2) A
PPOINTMENT IN ABSENCE OF CHAIR -
MAN.—If the position of chairman of the Board is vacant, during the period of the va-cancy, the Board, at the direction of the unanimous vote of the serving members of the Board, may exercise the authority of the chairman under paragraph (1).’’. (b) M
EETINGS .—Subsection (f) of such sec-tion (42 U.S.C. 2000ee(f)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Board shall’’ and in-serting ‘‘The Board’’; (2) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘make its’’ and inserting ‘‘shall make its’’; and (3) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘hold public’’ and inserting ‘‘shall hold public’’; and (B) by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, but may, notwith-standing section 552b of title 5, United States Code, meet or otherwise communicate in any number to confer or deliberate in a manner that is closed to the public’’. (c) R
EPORT ON SECTION 702 AND TER-
RORISM .—Not later than 1 year after the date on which the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board first achieves a quorum fol-lowing the date of the enactment of this Act, the Board shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives and the Committee on the Judiciary and the Select Committee on In-telligence of the Senate a report assessing— (1) how communications acquired under section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Sur-veillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1881a) are used by the United States to prevent or de-fend against terrorism; (2) whether technological challenges and changes in technology affect the prevention of and defense against terrorism, and how ef-fectively the foreign intelligence elements of the intelligence community (as defined in section 3(4) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4))) have responded to those challenges; and (3) how privacy and civil liberties are af-fected by the actions identified under para-graph (1) and the changes in technology iden-tified under paragraph (2), and whether race, religion, political affiliation, or activities protected by the First Amendment to the Constitution of the United States are deter-minative in the targeting or querying deci-sions made pursuant to such section 702. 
SEC. 203. PRIVACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES OFFI-CERS. 
(a) C ODIFICATION OF CERTAIN OFFICERS .— Section 1062(a) of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee–1(a)) is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by inserting ‘‘, the Director of the National Security Agency, the Director of the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation’’ after ‘‘the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency’’. (b) A
NNUAL REPORTS ON INCIDENTAL COMMU -
NICATIONS OF UNITED STATES PERSONS .— Paragraph (4)(A) of subsection (m) of section 702 (50 U.S.C. 1881a), as redesignated by sec-tions 101 and 201, is amended— (1) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA6.014 S16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES194 January 16, 2018 
(2) in clause (iv), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(v) a review by the privacy and civil lib-erties officer of the element of incidentally collected communications of United States persons to assess compliance with the mini-mization procedures adopted under sub-section (e) and the effect of this section on the privacy of United States persons.’’. 
SEC. 204. WHISTLEBLOWER PROTECTIONS FOR CONTRACTORS OF THE INTEL-LIGENCE COMMUNITY. 
(a) P ROHIBITED PERSONNEL PRACTICES IN  
THEINTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY .—Section 1104 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3234) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; (B) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) C
ONTRACTOR EMPLOYEE .—The term ‘contractor employee’ means an employee of a contractor, subcontractor, grantee, sub-grantee, or personal services contractor of a covered intelligence community element.’’; and (C) in paragraph (4), as so redesignated, in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) by in-serting ‘‘or a contractor employee of a cov-ered intelligence community element’’ after ‘‘character)’’; (2) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) as subsections (d) and (e), respectively; (3) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing new subsection (c): ‘‘(c) C
ONTRACTOR EMPLOYEES .—(1) A con-tractor employee or employee of a covered intelligence community element who has au-thority to take, direct others to take, rec-ommend, or approve any personnel action, shall not, with respect to such authority, take or fail to take a personnel action with respect to any contractor employee as a re-prisal for a lawful disclosure of information by the contractor employee to the Director of National Intelligence (or an employee des-ignated by the Director of National Intel-ligence for such purpose), the Inspector Gen-eral of the Intelligence Community, the head of the contracting agency (or an employee designated by the head of that agency for such purpose), the appropriate inspector gen-eral of the contracting agency, a congres-sional intelligence committee, or a member of a congressional intelligence committee, which the contractor employee reasonably believes evidences— ‘‘(A) a violation of any Federal law, rule, or regulation (including with respect to evi-dence of another employee or contractor em-ployee accessing or sharing classified infor-mation without authorization); or ‘‘(B) mismanagement, a gross waste of funds, an abuse of authority, or a substantial and specific danger to public health or safe-ty. ‘‘(2) A personnel action under paragraph (1) is prohibited even if the action is undertaken at the request of an officer or employee of the applicable covered intelligence commu-nity element, unless the request takes the form of a nondiscretionary directive and is within the authority of the officer or em-ployee making the request. ‘‘(3) A contractor employee may raise a violation of paragraph (1) in any proceeding to implement or challenge a personnel ac-tion described in such paragraph.’’; (4) in subsection (b), by striking the head-ing and inserting ‘‘A
GENCY EMPLOYEES .—’’; and (5) in subsection (e)(1), as redesignated by paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘contractor em-ployee,’’ after ‘‘any employee,’’. (b) F
EDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Any contractor employee or employee of the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation who has authority to take, direct others to take, recommend, or approve any personnel action, shall not, with respect to such authority, take or fail to take a per-sonnel action with respect to a contractor employee as a reprisal for a disclosure of in-formation— (A) made— (i) to a supervisor in the direct chain of command of the contractor employee, up to and including the Director of the Federal Bu-reau of Investigation; (ii) to the Inspector General of the Depart-ment of Justice; (iii) to the Office of Professional Responsi-bility of the Department of Justice; (iv) to the Office of Professional Responsi-bility of the Federal Bureau of Investigation; (v) to the Inspection Division of the Fed-eral Bureau of Investigation; (vi) as described in section 7211 of title 5, United States Code; (vii) to the Office of Special Counsel; or (viii) to an employee designated by any of-ficer, employee, office, or division described in clauses (i) through (vii) for the purpose of receiving such disclosures; and (B) which the contractor employee reason-ably believes evidences— (i) any violation of any law, rule, or regu-lation (including with respect to evidence of another employee or contractor employee accessing or sharing classified information without authorization); or (ii) gross mismanagement, a gross waste of funds, an abuse of authority, or a substantial and specific danger to public health or safe-ty. (2) A
CTIONS BY REQUEST .—A personnel ac-tion under paragraph (1) is prohibited even if the action is undertaken at the request of an officer or employee of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, unless the request takes the form of a nondiscretionary directive and is within the authority of the officer or em-ployee making the request. (3) V
IOLATION .—A contractor employee may raise a violation of paragraph (1) in any proceeding to implement or challenge a per-sonnel action described in such paragraph. (4) R
EGULATIONS .—The Attorney General shall prescribe regulations to ensure that a personnel action described in paragraph (1) shall not be taken against a contractor em-ployee of the Bureau as a reprisal for any disclosure of information described in such paragraph. (5) E
NFORCEMENT .—The President shall provide for the enforcement of this sub-section in a manner consistent with applica-ble provisions of sections 1214 and 1221 of title 5, United States Code. (6) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: (A) The term ‘‘contractor employee’’ means an employee of a contractor, subcon-tractor, grantee, subgrantee, or personal services contractor, of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. (B) The term ‘‘personnel action’’ means any action described in clauses (i) through (x) of section 2302(a)(2)(A) of title 5, United States Code, with respect to a contractor employee. (c) R
ETALIATORY REVOCATION OF SECURITY  C
LEARANCES AND ACCESS DETERMINATIONS .— Section 3001(j) of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (50 U.S.C. 3341(j)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(8) I
NCLUSION OF CONTRACTOR EMPLOY -
EES.—In this subsection, the term ‘employee’ includes an employee of a contractor, sub-contractor, grantee, subgrantee, or personal services contractor, of an agency. With re-spect to such employees, the term ‘employ-ing agency’ shall be deemed to be the con-tracting agency.’’. TITLE III—EXTENSION OF AUTHORITIES, INCREASED PENALTIES, REPORTS, AND OTHER MATTERS SEC. 301. EXTENSION OF TITLE VII OF FISA; EF-FECTIVE DATES. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Section 403(b) of the FISA Amendments Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–261; 122 Stat. 2474) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘December 31, 2017’’ and in-serting ‘‘September 30, 2023’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘and by the USA Liberty Act of 2017’’ after ‘‘section 101(a)’’; and (2) in paragraph (2) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘December 31, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2023’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 404(b) of the FISA Amendments Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–261; 122 Stat. 2476) is amend-ed— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘D
ECEMBER  
31, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘S EPTEMBER 30 , 2023’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘and by the USA Liberty Act of 2017’’ after ‘‘section 101(a)’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘and by the USA Liberty Act of 2017’’ after ‘‘section 101(a)’’; and (3) in paragraph (4)— (A) by inserting ‘‘and amended by the USA Liberty Act of 2017’’ after ‘‘as added by sec-tion 101(a)’’ both places it appears; and (B) by inserting ‘‘and by the USA Liberty Act of 2017’’ after ‘‘as amended by section 101(a)’’ both places it appears. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE OF AMENDMENTS TO  FAA.—The amendments made to the FISA Amendments Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–261) by this section shall take effect on the ear-lier of the date of the enactment of this Act or December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 302. INCREASED PENALTY FOR UNAUTHOR-IZED REMOVAL AND RETENTION OF CLASSIFIED DOCUMENTS OR MATE-RIAL. 
Section 1924(a) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘one year’’ and inserting ‘‘5 years’’. 
SEC. 303. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION REGARDING CRIMINAL PENALTIES FOR UNAU-THORIZED USE OF INFORMATION ACQUIRED UNDER SECTION 702 AND UNAUTHORIZED DISCLOSURE OF UNITED STATES PERSON INFORMA-TION. 
Nothing in this Act or the amendments made by this Act may be construed to limit the application or effect of criminal pen-alties under section 552a(i) of title 5, United States Code, sections 1001, 1030, and 1924 of title 18, United States Code, or any other rel-evant provision of law, with respect to of-fenses relating to the unauthorized access or use of information acquired under section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (50 U.S.C. 1881a) or the unauthorized disclo-sure of United States person information ac-quired under such section. 
SEC. 304. COMPTROLLER GENERAL STUDY ON UNAUTHORIZED DISCLOSURES AND THE CLASSIFICATION SYSTEM. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study of the unauthorized disclosure of classified in-formation and the classification system of the United States. (b) M
ATTERS INCLUDED .—The study under subsection (a) shall address the following: (1) Insider threat risks to the unauthorized disclosure of classified information. (2) The effect of modern technology on the unauthorized disclosure of classified infor-mation, including with respect to— (A) using cloud storage for classified infor-mation; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA6.014 S16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S195 January 16, 2018 
(B) any technological means to prevent or detect such unauthorized disclosure. (3) The effect of overclassification on the unauthorized disclosure of classified infor-mation. (4) Any ways to improve the classification system of the United States, including with respect to changing the levels of classifica-tion used in such system and to reduce over-classification. (5) How to improve the authorized sharing of classified information, including with re-spect to sensitive compartmented informa-tion. (6) The value of polygraph tests in deter-mining who is authorized to access classified information. (7) Whether each element of the intel-ligence community (as defined in section 3(4) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)))— (A) applies uniform standards in deter-mining who is authorized to access classified information; and (B) provides proper training with respect to the handling of classified information and the avoidance of overclassification. (c) C
OOPERATION .—The heads of the intel-ligence community shall provide to the Comptroller General information the Comp-troller General determines necessary to carry out the study under subsection (a). (d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary and the Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives and the Committee on the Judiciary and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate a report con-taining the study under subsection (a). (e) F
ORM.—The report under subsection (d) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 305. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON INFORMATION SHARING AMONG INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY TO PROTECT NATIONAL SECURITY. 
It is the sense of Congress that, in carrying out section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1881a), as amended by this Act, the United States Gov-ernment should ensure that the barriers, whether real or perceived, to sharing critical foreign intelligence among the intelligence community that existed before September 11, 2001, are not reimposed by sharing infor-mation vital to national security among the intelligence community in a manner that is consistent with such section, applicable pro-visions of law, and the Constitution of the United States. 
SEC. 306. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON COMBATING TERRORISM. 
It is the sense of Congress that, consistent with the protection of sources and methods, when lawful and appropriate, the President should share information learned by acquir-ing communications under section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (50 U.S.C. 1881a) with allies of the United States to prevent and defend against terrorism. 
SEC. 307. TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS AND AMEND-MENTS TO IMPROVE PROCEDURES OF THE FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE SURVEILLANCE COURT OF REVIEW. 
(a) T ECHNICAL AMENDMENTS .—The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.) is amended as follows: (1) In section 103(b) (50 U.S.C. 1803(b)), by striking ‘‘designate as the’’ and inserting ‘‘designated as the’’. (2) In section 302(a)(1)(A)(iii) (50 U.S.C. 1822(a)(1)(A)(iii)), by striking ‘‘paragraphs (1) through (4)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraphs (A) through (D)’’. (3) In section 406(b) (50 U.S.C. 1846(b)), by striking ‘‘and to the Committees on the Ju-diciary of the House of Representatives and the Senate’’. (4) In section 604(a) (50 U.S.C. 1874(a))— (A) in paragraph (1)(D), by striking ‘‘con-tents’’ and inserting ‘‘contents,’’; and (B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘comply in the into’’ and inserting ‘‘comply into’’. (5) In section 701 (50 U.S.C. 1881)— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘The terms’’ and inserting ‘‘In this title, the terms’’; and (B) in subsection (b)— (i) by inserting ‘‘In this title:’’ after the subsection heading; and (ii) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 401a(4))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3003(4))’’. (6) In section 702(g)(2)(A)(i) (50 U.S.C. 1881a(g)(2)(A)(i)), by inserting ‘‘targeting’’ before ‘‘procedures in place’’. (7) In section 801(7) (50 U.S.C. 1885(7)), by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 401a(4))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3003(4))’’. (b) COURT -RELATED AMENDMENTS .—The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.) is further amended as follows: (1) In section 103 (50 U.S.C. 1803)— (A) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘imme-diately’’; and (B) in subsection (h), by striking ‘‘the court established under subsection (a)’’ and inserting ‘‘a court established under this sec-tion’’. (2) In section 105(d) (50 U.S.C. 1805(d)), by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(4) A denial of the application made under section 104 may be reviewed as provided in section 103.’’. (3) In section 302(d) (50 U.S.C. 1822(d)), by striking ‘‘immediately’’. (4) In section 402(d) (50 U.S.C. 1842(d)), by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(3) A denial of the application made under this subsection may be reviewed as provided in section 103.’’. (5) In section 403(c) (50 U.S.C. 1843(c)), by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(3) A denial of the application made under subsection (a)(2) may be reviewed as pro-vided in section 103.’’. (6) In section 501(c) (50 U.S.C. 1861(c)), by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(4) A denial of the application made under this subsection may be reviewed as provided in section 103.’’. 
SEC. 308. SEVERABILITY. 
If any provision of this Act, any amend-ment made by this Act, or the application thereof to any person or circumstances is held invalid, the validity of the remainder of the Act, of any such amendments, and of the application of such provisions to other per-sons and circumstances shall not be affected thereby. 
SEC. 309. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this Act or the amendments made by this Act shall be construed to au-thorize the acquisition, querying, retention, dissemination, or use of information not pre-viously authorized under the FISA Amend-ments Act of 2008 or the amendments made by that Act. 
SA 1877. Mr. LEE (for himself, Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. D AINES , and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the House Amendment to the bill S. 139, to implement the use of Rapid DNA in-struments to inform decisions about pretrial release or detention and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: On page 20, strike line 13 and all that fol-lows through page 27, line 23 and insert the following: 
SEC. 103. LIMITATION ON COLLECTION AND IM-PROVEMENTS TO TARGETING PRO-CEDURES AND MINIMIZATION PRO-CEDURES. 
(a) T ARGETING PROCEDURES ; LIMITATION ON  C
OLLECTION .—Section 702(d) (50 U.S.C. 1881a(d)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘The At-torney General’’ and inserting ‘‘In accord-ance with paragraphs (3) and (4), the Attor-ney General’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(3) D
UE DILIGENCE .—The procedures adopt-ed in accordance with paragraph (1) shall re-quire due diligence in determining whether a person targeted is a non-United States per-son reasonably believed to be located outside the United States by— ‘‘(A) making the determination based on the totality of the circumstances, including by, to the extent practicable, ensuring that any conflicting information regarding whether the person is reasonably believed to be located outside the United States or is a United States person is resolved before mak-ing such determination; ‘‘(B) documenting the processes used for determinations described in subparagraph (A); and ‘‘(C) documenting the rationale for why targeting such person will result in the ac-quisition of foreign intelligence information authorized by subsection (a). ‘‘(4) L
IMITATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The procedures adopted in accordance with paragraph (1) shall re-quire that the targeting of a person is lim-ited to communications to or from the tar-geted person. ‘‘(B) A
NNUAL REPORT .—On an annual basis, the Attorney General shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees and the Committees on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report on— ‘‘(i) any difficulty relating to the limita-tion under subparagraph (A); and ‘‘(ii) the technical feasibility of ensuring that the handling of communications ac-quired under subsection (a) with respect to incidentally collected United States person information complies with the minimization procedures adopted under subsection (e).’’. (b) M
INIMIZATION PROCEDURES .—Section 702(e) (50 U.S.C. 1881a(e)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, and the requirements of this subsection’’ before the period at the end; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) R
EQUESTS TO UNMASK INFORMATION .— The procedures adopted under paragraph (1) shall include specific procedures adopted by the Attorney General for elements of the in-telligence community to submit requests to unmask information in disseminated intel-ligence reports. Such specific procedures shall— ‘‘(A) require the documentation of the re-questing individual that such request is for legitimate reasons authorized pursuant to paragraph (1); and ‘‘(B) require the retention of the records of each request, including— ‘‘(i) a copy of the request; ‘‘(ii) the name and position of the indi-vidual who is making the request; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA6.014 S16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES196 January 16, 2018 
‘‘(iii) if the request is approved, the name and position of the individual who approved the request and the date of the approval.’’. (c) U
NMASK DEFINED .—Section 701(b) (50 U.S.C. 1881(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) U
NMASK .—The term ‘unmask’ means, with respect to a disseminated intelligence report containing a reference to a United States person that does not identify that person (including by name or title), to dis-seminate the identity of the United States person, including the name or title of the person.’’. (d) C
ONSISTENT REQUIREMENTS TORETAIN  R
ECORDS ON REQUESTS TOUNMASK INFORMA -
TION.—The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.) is amended as follows: (1) In section 101(h) (50 U.S.C. 1801(h))— (A) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (B) in paragraph (4), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) specific procedures as described in sec-tion 702(e)(3).’’. (2) In section 301(4) (50 U.S.C. 1821(4))— (A) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (B) in subparagraph (D), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(E) specific procedures as described in section 702(e)(3).’’. (3) In section 402(h) (50 U.S.C. 1842(h))— (A) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-graph (3); and (B) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing new paragraph (2): ‘‘(2) R
EQUESTS FOR NONPUBLICLY AVAILABLE  
INFORMATION .—The policies and procedures adopted under paragraph (1) shall include specific procedures as described in section 702(e)(3).’’. (4) In section 501(g)(2) (50 U.S.C. 1861(g)(2))— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (B) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) specific procedures as described in section 702(e)(3).’’. (e) R
EPORT ON UNMASKING .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intel-ligence shall submit to the Permanent Se-lect Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives, the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate, and the Commit-tees on the Judiciary of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate a report on the progress made by the Director with respect to— (1) ensuring that incidentally collected communications of United States persons (as defined in section 101 of the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801)) are properly masked if masking is nec-essary; and (2) implementing procedures for requests to unmask information under section 702(e)(3) of such Act (50 U.S.C. 1881a(e)(3)), as added by subsection (c). 
SA 1878. Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for her-self, Ms. H
ARRIS , Mr. L EAHY , and Mr. L
EE) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the House Amendment to the bill S. 139, to implement the use of Rapid DNA in-struments to inform decisions about pretrial release or detention and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: Beginning on page 4, strike line 1 and all that follows through page 7, line 16, and in-sert the following: ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR ACCESS TO COMMU -
NICATIONS OF UNITED STATES PERSONS .— ‘‘(A) C
OURT ORDERS .—Except as provided under subparagraph (C), in response to a query relating to a United States person, the contents of queried communications ac-quired under subsection (a) may be accessed only if— ‘‘(i) the Attorney General submits to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court an application that demonstrates that there is probable cause to believe that— ‘‘(I) such contents may relate to a crime a specified in section 2516 of title 18, United States Code; or ‘‘(II) the individual is the agent of a for-eign power; and ‘‘(ii) a judge of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court reviews and approves such application. ‘‘(B) E
XPEDITIOUS CONSIDERATION .—Any ap- plication under subparagraph (A) shall be considered by the Foreign Intelligence Sur-veillance Court expeditiously and without delay. ‘‘(C) E
XCEPTION .—If the Attorney General determines that exigent circumstances re-quire access to contents before an order can be obtained, the Attorney General may ac-cess such contents without an order for a maximum period of 7 days. ‘‘(D) R
EPORTING .—Not less frequently than once every 6 months, the Attorney General shall submit to the Committee on the Judici-ary and the Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives a report containing the number of times the Attorney General has made a determination under subparagraph (C) in the previous 6 months. On page 15, strike lines 20 through 23. On page 42, line 15, strike ‘‘Federal Bureau of Investigation’’ and insert ‘‘Attorney Gen-eral’’. 
SA 1879. Mr. PAUL (for himself, Mr. W
YDEN , and Mr. M ARKEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 139, to implement the use of Rapid DNA instruments to in-form decisions about pretrial release or detention and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. GROUNDS FOR DETERMINING INJURY IN FACT IN CIVIL ACTION RELATING TO SURVEILLANCE UNDER CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF FOREIGN INTEL-LIGENCE SURVEILLANCE ACT OF 1978. 
Section 702 (50 U.S.C. 1881a), as amended by section 101, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(n) C
HALLENGES TO GOVERNMENT SURVEIL -
LANCE .— ‘‘(1) I
NJURY IN FACT .—In any claim in a civil action brought in a court of the United States relating to surveillance conducted under this section, the person asserting the claim has suffered an injury in fact if the person— ‘‘(A) has a reasonable basis to believe that the person’s communications will be ac-quired under this section; and ‘‘(B) has taken objectively reasonable steps to avoid surveillance under this section. ‘‘(2) REASONABLE BASIS .—A person shall be presumed to have demonstrated a reasonable basis to believe that the communications of the person will be acquired under this sec-tion if the profession of the person requires the person regularly to communicate foreign intelligence information with persons who— ‘‘(A) are not United States persons; and ‘‘(B) are located outside the United States. ‘‘(3) O
BJECTIVE STEPS .—A person shall be presumed to have taken objectively reason-able steps to avoid surveillance under this section if the person demonstrates that the steps were taken in reasonable response to rules of professional conduct or analogous professional rules.’’. 
SA 1880. Mr. PAUL (for himself, Mr. W
YDEN , and Mr. M ARKEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the House Amendment to the bill S. 139, to implement the use of Rapid DNA instruments to inform deci-sions about pretrial release or deten-tion and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 15, strike line 8 and all that fol-lows through page 17, line 11, and insert the following: (a) L
IMITATION ON USE OF INFORMATION OB-
TAINED UNDER CERTAIN AUTHORITY OF FOR-
EIGN INTELLIGENCE SURVEILLANCE ACT OF 1978 R
ELATING TO UNITED STATES PERSONS .—Sec- tion 706(a) (50 U.S.C. 1881e(a)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Information acquired’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Information acquired’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION ON USE IN CRIMINAL , CIVIL , 
AND ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEEDINGS AND INVES -
TIGATIONS .—No communication to or from, or information about, a person acquired under section 702 who is either a United States person or is located in the United States may be introduced as evidence against the person in any criminal, civil, or administrative proceeding or used as part of any criminal, civil, or administrative inves-tigation, except— ‘‘(A) with the prior approval of the Attor-ney General; and ‘‘(B) in a proceeding or investigation in which the information is directly related to and necessary to address a specific threat of— ‘‘(i) terrorism (as defined in clauses (i) through (iii) of section 2332(g)(5)(B) of title 18, United States Code); ‘‘(ii) espionage (as used in chapter 37 of title 18, United States Code); ‘‘(iii) proliferation or use of a weapon of mass destruction (as defined in section 2332a(c) of title 18, United States Code); ‘‘(iv) a cybersecurity threat from a foreign country; ‘‘(v) incapacitation or destruction of crit-ical infrastructure (as defined in section 1016(e) of the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Re-quired to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (USA PATRIOT ACT) Act of 2001 (42 U.S.C. 5195c(e))); or ‘‘(vi) a threat to the armed forces of the United States or an ally of the United States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA6.015 S16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S197 January 16, 2018 
or to other personnel of the United States Government or a government of an ally of the United States.’’. 
SA 1881. Mr. PAUL (for himself, Mr. W
YDEN , and Mr. M ARKEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the House Amendment to the bill S. 139, to implement the use of Rapid DNA instruments to inform deci-sions about pretrial release or deten-tion and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 2, strike line 14 and all that follows through page 15, line 6, and in-sert the following: 
SEC. 101. CLARIFICATION ON PROHIBITION ON QUERYING OF COLLECTIONS OF COMMUNICATIONS TO CONDUCT WARRANTLESS QUERIES FOR THE COMMUNICATIONS OF UNITED STATES PERSONS AND PERSONS IN-SIDE THE UNITED STATES. 
Section 702(b) of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1881a(b)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (5) as subparagraphs (A) through (E), respec-tively, and indenting such subparagraphs, as so redesignated, an additional two ems from the left margin; (2) by striking ‘‘An acquisition’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—An acquisition’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) C
LARIFICATION ON PROHIBITION ON  
QUERYING OF COLLECTIONS OF COMMUNICATIONS  
OF UNITED STATES PERSONS AND PERSONS IN -
SIDE THE UNITED STATES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraphs (B) and (C), no officer or em-ployee of the United States may conduct a query of information acquired under this sec-tion in an effort to find communications of or about a particular United States person or a person inside the United States. ‘‘(B) C
ONCURRENT AUTHORIZATION AND EX -
CEPTION FOR EMERGENCY SITUATIONS .—Sub- paragraph (A) shall not apply to a query for communications related to a particular United States person or person inside the United States if— ‘‘(i) such United States person or person inside the United States is the subject of an order or emergency authorization author-izing electronic surveillance or physical search under section 105, 304, 703, 704, or 705 of this Act, or under title 18, United States Code, for the effective period of that order; ‘‘(ii) the entity carrying out the query has a reasonable belief that the life or safety of such United States person or person inside the United States is threatened and the in-formation is sought for the purpose of assist-ing that person; ‘‘(iii) such United States person or person in the United States is a corporation; or ‘‘(iv) such United States person or person inside the United States has consented to the query. ‘‘(C) Q
UERIES OF FEDERATED DATA SETS AND  
MIXED DATA .—If an officer or employee of the United States conducts a query of a data set, or of federated data sets, that includes any information acquired under this section, the system shall be configured not to return such information unless the officer or em-ployee enters a code or other information in-dicating that— ‘‘(i) the person associated with the search term is not a United States person or person inside the United States; or ‘‘(ii) if the person associated with the search term is a United States person or per-son inside the United States, one or more of the conditions of subparagraph (B) are satis-fied. ‘‘(D) MATTERS RELATING TO EMERGENCY  
QUERIES .— ‘‘(i) T
REATMENT OF DENIALS .—In the event that a query for communications related to a particular United States person or a person inside the United States is conducted pursu-ant to an emergency authorization author-izing electronic surveillance or a physical search described in subsection (B)(i) and the application for such emergency authoriza-tion is denied, or in any other case in which the query has been conducted and no order is issued approving the query— ‘‘(I) no information obtained or evidence derived from such query may be received in evidence or otherwise disclosed in any trial, hearing, or other proceeding in or before any court, grand jury, department, office, agen-cy, regulatory body, legislative committee, or other authority of the United States, a State, or political subdivision thereof; and ‘‘(II) no information concerning any United States person acquired from such query may subsequently be used or disclosed in any other manner by Federal officers or employ-ees without the consent of such person, ex-cept with the approval of the Attorney Gen-eral if the information indicates a threat of death or serious bodily harm to any person. ‘‘(ii) A
SSESSMENT OF COMPLIANCE .—The At- torney General shall assess compliance with the requirements under clause (i).’’. 
SA 1882. Mr. PAUL (for himself, Mr. W
YDEN , and Mr. M ARKEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the House amendment to the bill S. 139, to implement the use of Rapid DNA instruments to inform deci-sions about pretrial release or deten-tion and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 41, after line 24, add the following: 
SEC. 206. REPEAL OF NONAPPLICABILITY TO FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGA-TION OF CERTAIN REPORTING RE-QUIREMENTS UNDER FOREIGN IN-TELLIGENCE SURVEILLANCE ACT OF 1978. 
Section 603(d)(2) of the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1873(d)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘(A) F
ED-
ERAL BUREAU ’’ and all that follows through ‘‘Paragraph (3)(B) of’’ and inserting ‘‘Para-graph (3)(B)’’. 
SA 1883. Mr. PAUL (for himself, Mr. W
YDEN , and Mr. M ARKEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the House amendment to the bill S. 139, to implement the use of Rapid DNA instruments to inform deci-sions about pretrial release or deten-tion and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 39, strike lines 6 through 22 and in-sert the following: 
SEC. 111. CLARIFICATION REGARDING TREAT-MENT OF INFORMATION ACQUIRED UNDER FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE SURVEILLANCE ACT OF 1978. 
(a) D ERIVED DEFINED .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 101 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(q) For the purposes of notification provi-sions of this Act, information or evidence is ‘derived’ from an electronic surveillance, physical search, use of a pen register or trap and trace device, production of tangible things, or acquisition under this Act when the Government would not have originally possessed the information or evidence but for that electronic surveillance, physical search, use of a pen register or trap and trace device, production of tangible things, or acquisition, and regardless of any claim that the infor-mation or evidence is attenuated from the surveillance or search, would inevitably have been discovered, or was subsequently re-obtained through other means.’’. (2) P
OLICIES AND GUIDANCE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Attorney General and the Director of Na-tional Intelligence shall publish the fol-lowing: (i) Policies concerning the application of subsection (q) of section 101 of such Act, as added by paragraph (1). (ii) Guidance for all members of the intel-ligence community (as defined in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003)) and all Federal agencies with law en-forcement responsibilities concerning the ap-plication of such subsection. (B) M
ODIFICATIONS .—Whenever the Attor-ney General and the Director modify a policy or guidance published under subparagraph (A), the Attorney General and the Director shall publish such modifications. (b) U
SE OF INFORMATION ACQUIRED UNDER  T
ITLE VII.—Section 706 of such Act (50 U.S.C. 1881e) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘, except for the purposes of subsection (j) of such sec-tion’’; and (2) by amending subsection (b) to read as follows: ‘‘(b) I
NFORMATION ACQUIRED UNDER SEC-
TIONS 703–705.—Information acquired from an acquisition conducted under section 703, 704, or 705 shall be deemed to be information ac-quired from an electronic surveillance pursu-ant to title I for the purposes of section 106.’’. 
SA 1884. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. P
AUL) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the House amendment to the bill S. 139, to implement the use of Rapid DNA in-struments to inform decisions about pretrial release or detention and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
Beginning on page 32, strike line 16 and all that follows through page 33, line 21, and in-sert the following: 
SEC. 7. REFORMS OF THE PRIVACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES OVERSIGHT BOARD. 
(a) I NCLUSION OF FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE AC-
TIVITIES IN OVERSIGHT AUTHORITY OF THE PRI-
VACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES OVERSIGHT  B
OARD .—Section 1061 of the Intelligence Re-form and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee) is amended— (1) in subsection (c), by inserting ‘‘and to conduct foreign intelligence activities’’ after ‘‘terrorism’’ each place such term appears; and (2) in subsection (d), ‘‘and to conduct for-eign intelligence activities’’ after ‘‘ter-rorism’’ each place such term appears. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA6.015 S16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES198 January 16, 2018 
(b) S UBMISSION OF WHISTLEBLOWER COM-
PLAINTS TO THE PRIVACY AND CIVILLIBERTIES  O
VERSIGHT BOARD .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1061 of the Intel-ligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee), as amended by subsection (a), is further amended— (A) in subsection (d), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) W
HISTLEBLOWER COMPLAINTS .— ‘‘(A) S
UBMISSION TO BOARD .—An employee of, or contractor or detailee to, an element of the intelligence community may submit to the Board a complaint or information that such employee, contractor, or detailee believes relates to a privacy or civil liberties concern. The confidentiality provisions under section 2409(b)(3) of title 10, United States Code, shall apply to a submission under this subparagraph. Any disclosure under this subparagraph shall be protected against discrimination under the procedures, burdens of proof, and remedies set forth in section 2409 of such title. ‘‘(B) A
UTHORITY OF BOARD .—The Board may take such action as the Board considers ap-propriate with respect to investigating a complaint or information submitted under subparagraph (A) or transmitting such com-plaint or information to any other Executive agency or the congressional intelligence committees. ‘‘(C) R
ELATIONSHIP TO EXISTING LAWS .—The authority under subparagraph (A) of an em-ployee, contractor, or detailee to submit to the Board a complaint or information shall be in addition to any other authority under another provision of law to submit a com-plaint or information. Any action taken under any other provision of law by the re-cipient of a complaint or information shall not preclude the Board from taking action relating to the same complaint or informa-tion. ‘‘(D) R
ELATIONSHIP TO ACTIONS TAKEN  
UNDER OTHER LAWS .—Nothing in this para-graph shall prevent— ‘‘(i) any individual from submitting a com-plaint or information to any authorized re-cipient of the complaint or information; or ‘‘(ii) the recipient of a complaint or infor-mation from taking independent action on the complaint or information.’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(n) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘congressional intelligence commit-tees’ and ‘intelligence community’ have the meanings given such terms in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003).’’. (2) P
ROHIBITED PERSONNEL PRACTICES .—Sec- tion 2302(b)(8)(B) of title 5, United States Code, is amended, in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘or to the Inspector of an agency or another employee designated by the head of the agency to receive such disclosures’’ and inserting ‘‘the Inspector General of an agency, a supervisor in the em-ployee’s direct chain of command (up to and including the head of the employing agency), the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, or an employee designated by any of the aforementioned individuals for the pur-pose of receiving such disclosures’’. (c) P
RIVACY AND CIVILLIBERTIES OVERSIGHT  B
OARD SUBPOENA POWER .—Section 1061(g) of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Pre-vention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee(g)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(D), by striking ‘‘submit a written request to the Attorney General of the United States that the Attorney Gen-eral’’; (2) by striking paragraph (2); and (3) by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (4) as paragraphs (2) and (3), respectively. (d) A
PPOINTMENT OF STAFF OF THE PRIVACY  
ANDCIVILLIBERTIES OVERSIGHT BOARD .—Sec-tion 1061(j) of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee(j)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) APPOINTMENT IN ABSENCE OF CHAIR -
MAN.—If the position of chairman of the Board is vacant, during the period of the va-cancy the Board, at the direction of the ma-jority of the members of the Board, may ex-ercise the authority of the chairman under paragraph (1).’’. (e) T
ENURE AND COMPENSATION OF PRIVACY  
ANDCIVILLIBERTIES OVERSIGHT BOARD MEM-
BERS AND STAFF .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1061 of the Intel-ligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee), as amended by subsections (a) and (b), is further amended— (A) in subsection (h)— (i) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘full- time’’ after ‘‘4 additional’’; and (ii) in paragraph (4)(B), by striking ‘‘, ex-cept that’’ and all that follows through the end and inserting a period; (B) in subsection (i)(1)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘level III of the Executive Schedule under section 5314’’ and inserting ‘‘level II of the Executive Schedule under section 5313’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘level IV of the Executive Schedule’’ and all that follows through the end and inserting ‘‘level III of the Executive Schedule under section 5314 of title 5, United States Code.’’; and (C) in subsection (j)(1), by striking ‘‘level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316’’ and inserting ‘‘level IV of the Execu-tive Schedule under section 5315’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE ; APPLICABILITY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by paragraph (1)— (i) shall take effect on the date of the en-actment of this Act; and (ii) except as provided in paragraph (2), shall apply to any appointment to a position as a member of the Privacy and Civil Lib-erties Oversight Board made on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. (B) E
XCEPTIONS .— (i) C
OMPENSATION CHANGES .—The amend-ments made by subparagraphs (B)(i) and (C) of paragraph (1) shall take effect on the first day of the first pay period beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. (ii) E
LECTION TO SERVE FULL TIME BY INCUM -
BENTS .— (I) I
N GENERAL .—An individual serving as a member of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board on the date of the enact-ment of this Act, including a member con-tinuing to serve as a member under section 1061(h)(4)(B) of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee(h)(4)(B)), (referred to in this clause as a ‘‘current member’’) may make an election to— (aa) serve as a member of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board on a full- time basis and in accordance with section 1061 of the Intelligence Reform and Ter-rorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee), as amended by this section; or (bb) serve as a member of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board on a part- time basis in accordance with such section 1061, as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act, including the limitation on service after the expiration of the term of the member under subsection (h)(4)(B) of such section, as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act. (II) E
LECTION TO SERVE FULL TIME .—A cur- rent member making an election under sub-clause (I)(aa) shall begin serving as a mem-ber of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Over-sight Board on a full-time basis on the first day of the first pay period beginning not less than 60 days after the date on which the cur-rent member makes such election. (f) MEETINGS .—Subsection (f) of such sec-tion is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Board shall’’ and in-serting ‘‘The Board’’; (2) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘make its’’ and inserting ‘‘shall make its’’; and (3) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘hold public’’ and inserting ‘‘shall hold public’’; and (B) by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, but may, notwith-standing section 552b of title 5, United States Code, meet or otherwise communicate in any number to confer or deliberate in a manner that is closed to the public’’. (g) P
ROVISION OF INFORMATION ABOUT GOV-
ERNMENT ACTIVITIES UNDER THE FOREIGN IN-
TELLIGENCE SURVEILLANCE ACT OF 1978 TO THE  P
RIVACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES OVERSIGHT  B
OARD .—The Attorney General shall fully in-form the Privacy and Civil Liberties Over-sight Board about any activities carried out by the Government under the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.), including by providing to the Board— (1) copies of each detailed report submitted to a committee of Congress under such Act; and (2) copies of each decision, order, and opin-ion of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court or the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Court of Review required to be in-cluded in the report under section 601(a) of such Act (50 U.S.C. 1871(a)). 
SA 1885. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. P
AUL) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the House amendment to the bill S. 139, to implement the use of Rapid DNA in-struments to inform decisions about pretrial release or detention and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
On page 41, after line 24, add the following: 
SEC. 206. REPEAL OF NONAPPLICABILITY TO FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGA-TION OF CERTAIN REPORTING RE-QUIREMENTS UNDER FOREIGN IN-TELLIGENCE SURVEILLANCE ACT OF 1978. 
Section 603(d)(2) of the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1873(d)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘(A) F
ED-
ERAL BUREAU ’’ and all that follows through ‘‘Paragraph (3)(B) of’’ and inserting ‘‘Para-graph (3)(B)’’. 
SA 1886. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. P
AUL) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the House amendment to the bill S. 139, to implement the use of Rapid DNA in-struments to inform decisions about pretrial release or detention and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
On page 42, after line 21, add the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA6.016 S16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S199 January 16, 2018 
SEC. 113. LIMITATION ON TECHNICAL ASSIST-ANCE FROM ELECTRONIC COMMU-NICATION SERVICE PROVIDERS UNDER THE FOREIGN INTEL-LIGENCE SURVEILLANCE ACT OF 1978. 
Section 702(i)(1) of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1881a(i)(1)), as redesignated by section 101(a)(1)(A), is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and moving such clauses 2 ems to the right; (2) by striking ‘‘With respect to’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), in carrying out’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) L
IMITATIONS .—The Attorney General or the Director of National Intelligence may not request assistance from an electronic communication service provider under sub-paragraph (A) without demonstrating, to the satisfaction of the Court, that the assistance sought— ‘‘(i) is necessary; ‘‘(ii) is narrowly tailored to the surveil-lance at issue; and ‘‘(iii) would not pose an undue burden on the electronic communication service pro-vider or its customers who are not an in-tended target of the surveillance. ‘‘(C) C
OMPLIANCE .—An electronic commu-nication service provider is not obligated to comply with a directive to provide assist-ance under this paragraph unless— ‘‘(i) such assistance is a manner or method that has been explicitly approved by the Court; and ‘‘(ii) the Court issues an order, which has been delivered to the provider, explicitly de-scribing the assistance to be furnished by the provider that has been approved by the Court.’’. 
SA 1887. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. P
AUL) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the House amendment to the bill S. 139, to implement the use of Rapid DNA in-struments to inform decisions about pretrial release or detention and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
On page 39, strike lines 6 through 22 and in-sert the following: 
SEC. 111. CLARIFICATION REGARDING TREAT-MENT OF INFORMATION ACQUIRED UNDER FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE SURVEILLANCE ACT OF 1978. 
(a) D ERIVED DEFINED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 101 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(q) For the purposes of notification provi-sions of this Act, information or evidence is ‘derived’ from an electronic surveillance, physical search, use of a pen register or trap and trace device, production of tangible things, or acquisition under this Act when the Government would not have originally possessed the information or evidence but for that electronic surveillance, physical search, use of a pen register or trap and trace device, production of tangible things, or acquisition, and regardless of any claim that the infor-mation or evidence is attenuated from the surveillance or search, would inevitably have been discovered, or was subsequently re-obtained through other means.’’. (2) P
OLICIES AND GUIDANCE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Attorney General and the Director of Na-tional Intelligence shall publish the fol-lowing: (i) Policies concerning the application of subsection (q) of section 101 of such Act, as added by paragraph (1). (ii) Guidance for all members of the intel-ligence community (as defined in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003)) and all Federal agencies with law en-forcement responsibilities concerning the ap-plication of such subsection. (B) MODIFICATIONS .—Whenever the Attor-ney General and the Director modify a policy or guidance published under subparagraph (A), the Attorney General and the Director shall publish such modifications. (b) U
SE OF INFORMATION ACQUIRED UNDER  T
ITLE VII.—Section 706 of such Act (50 U.S.C. 1881e) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘, except for the purposes of subsection (j) of such sec-tion’’; and (2) by amending subsection (b) to read as follows: ‘‘(b) I
NFORMATION ACQUIRED UNDER SEC-
TIONS 703–705.—Information acquired from an acquisition conducted under section 703, 704, or 705 shall be deemed to be information ac-quired from an electronic surveillance pursu-ant to title I for the purposes of section 106.’’. 
SA 1888. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. P
AUL) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the House amendment to the bill S. 139, to implement the use of Rapid DNA in-struments to inform decisions about pretrial release or detention and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
On page 15, strike line 8 and all that fol-lows through page 17, line 11, and insert the following: (a) L
IMITATION ON USE OF INFORMATION OB-
TAINED UNDER CERTAIN AUTHORITY OF FOR-
EIGN INTELLIGENCE SURVEILLANCE ACT OF 1978 R
ELATING TO UNITED STATES PERSONS .—Sec- tion 706(a) (50 U.S.C. 1881e(a)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Information acquired’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Information acquired’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION ON USE IN CRIMINAL , CIVIL , 
AND ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEEDINGS AND INVES -
TIGATIONS .—No communication to or from, or information about, a person acquired under section 702 who is either a United States person or is located in the United States may be introduced as evidence against the person in any criminal, civil, or administrative proceeding or used as part of any criminal, civil, or administrative inves-tigation, except— ‘‘(A) with the prior approval of the Attor-ney General; and ‘‘(B) in a proceeding or investigation in which the information is directly related to and necessary to address a specific threat of— ‘‘(i) terrorism (as defined in clauses (i) through (iii) of section 2332(g)(5)(B) of title 18, United States Code); ‘‘(ii) espionage (as used in chapter 37 of title 18, United States Code); ‘‘(iii) proliferation or use of a weapon of mass destruction (as defined in section 2332a(c) of title 18, United States Code); ‘‘(iv) a cybersecurity threat from a foreign country; ‘‘(v) incapacitation or destruction of crit-ical infrastructure (as defined in section 1016(e) of the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Re-quired to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (USA PATRIOT ACT) Act of 2001 (42 U.S.C. 5195c(e))); or ‘‘(vi) a threat to the armed forces of the United States or an ally of the United States or to other personnel of the United States Government or a government of an ally of the United States.’’. SA 1889. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. P
AUL) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 139, to implement the use of Rapid DNA instruments to inform deci-sions about pretrial release or deten-tion and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end add the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Uniting and Strengthening America by Reforming and Improving the Government’s High-Tech Surveillance Act of 2017’’ or the ‘‘USA RIGHTS Act of 2017’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Clarification on prohibition on querying of collections of com-munications to conduct warrantless queries for the communications of United States persons and persons in-side the United States. Sec. 3. Prohibition on reverse targeting under certain authorities of the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Act of 1978. Sec. 4. Prohibition on acquisition, pursuant to certain FISA authorities to target certain persons outside the United States, of commu-nications that do not include persons targeted under such au-thorities. Sec. 5. Prohibition on acquisition of entirely domestic communications under authorities to target cer-tain persons outside the United States. Sec. 6. Limitation on use of information ob-tained under certain authority of Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Act of 1978 relating to United States persons. Sec. 7. Reforms of the Privacy and Civil Lib-erties Oversight Board. Sec. 8. Improved role in oversight of elec-tronic surveillance by amici cu-riae appointed by courts under Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Act of 1978. Sec. 9. Reforms to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court. Sec. 10. Study and report on diversity and representation on the FISA Court and the FISA Court of Review. Sec. 11. Grounds for determining injury in fact in civil action relating to surveillance under certain pro-visions of Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978. Sec. 12. Clarification of applicability of re-quirement to declassify signifi-cant decisions of Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Court and Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Court of Review. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A16JA6.016 S16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES200 January 16, 2018 
Sec. 13. Clarification regarding treatment of information acquired under Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Act of 1978. Sec. 14. Limitation on technical assistance from electronic communication service providers under the For-eign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978. Sec. 15. Modification of authorities for pub-lic reporting by persons subject to nondisclosure requirement accompanying order under For-eign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978. Sec. 16. Annual publication of statistics on number of persons targeted out-side the United States under certain Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 author-ity. Sec. 17. Repeal of nonapplicability to Fed-eral Bureau of Investigation of certain reporting requirements under Foreign Intelligence Sur-veillance Act of 1978. Sec. 18. Publication of estimates regarding communications collected under certain provision of For-eign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978. Sec. 19. Four-year extension of FISA Amendments Act of 2008. 
SEC. 2. CLARIFICATION ON PROHIBITION ON QUERYING OF COLLECTIONS OF COMMUNICATIONS TO CONDUCT WARRANTLESS QUERIES FOR THE COMMUNICATIONS OF UNITED STATES PERSONS AND PERSONS IN-SIDE THE UNITED STATES. 
Section 702(b) of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1881a(b)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (5) as subparagraphs (A) through (E), respec-tively, and indenting such subparagraphs, as so redesignated, an additional two ems from the left margin; (2) by striking ‘‘An acquisition’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—An acquisition’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) C
LARIFICATION ON PROHIBITION ON  
QUERYING OF COLLECTIONS OF COMMUNICATIONS  
OF UNITED STATES PERSONS AND PERSONS IN -
SIDE THE UNITED STATES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraphs (B) and (C), no officer or em-ployee of the United States may conduct a query of information acquired under this sec-tion in an effort to find communications of or about a particular United States person or a person inside the United States. ‘‘(B) C
ONCURRENT AUTHORIZATION AND EX -
CEPTION FOR EMERGENCY SITUATIONS .—Sub- paragraph (A) shall not apply to a query for communications related to a particular United States person or person inside the United States if— ‘‘(i) such United States person or person inside the United States is the subject of an order or emergency authorization author-izing electronic surveillance or physical search under section 105, 304, 703, 704, or 705 of this Act, or under title 18, United States Code, for the effective period of that order; ‘‘(ii) the entity carrying out the query has a reasonable belief that the life or safety of such United States person or person inside the United States is threatened and the in-formation is sought for the purpose of assist-ing that person; ‘‘(iii) such United States person or person in the United States is a corporation; or ‘‘(iv) such United States person or person inside the United States has consented to the query. ‘‘(C) Q
UERIES OF FEDERATED DATA SETS AND  
MIXED DATA .—If an officer or employee of the United States conducts a query of a data set, or of federated data sets, that includes any information acquired under this section, the system shall be configured not to return such information unless the officer or em-ployee enters a code or other information in-dicating that— ‘‘(i) the person associated with the search term is not a United States person or person inside the United States; or ‘‘(ii) if the person associated with the search term is a United States person or per-son inside the United States, one or more of the conditions of subparagraph (B) are satis-fied. ‘‘(D) MATTERS RELATING TO EMERGENCY  
QUERIES .— ‘‘(i) T
REATMENT OF DENIALS .—In the event that a query for communications related to a particular United States person or a person inside the United States is conducted pursu-ant to an emergency authorization author-izing electronic surveillance or a physical search described in subsection (B)(i) and the application for such emergency authoriza-tion is denied, or in any other case in which the query has been conducted and no order is issued approving the query— ‘‘(I) no information obtained or evidence derived from such query may be received in evidence or otherwise disclosed in any trial, hearing, or other proceeding in or before any court, grand jury, department, office, agen-cy, regulatory body, legislative committee, or other authority of the United States, a State, or political subdivision thereof; and ‘‘(II) no information concerning any United States person acquired from such query may subsequently be used or disclosed in any other manner by Federal officers or employ-ees without the consent of such person, ex-cept with the approval of the Attorney Gen-eral if the information indicates a threat of death or serious bodily harm to any person. ‘‘(ii) A
SSESSMENT OF COMPLIANCE .—The At- torney General shall assess compliance with the requirements under clause (i).’’. 
SEC. 3. PROHIBITION ON REVERSE TARGETING UNDER CERTAIN AUTHORITIES OF THE FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE SUR-VEILLANCE ACT OF 1978. 
Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Sur-veillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1881a), as amended by section 2, is further amended— (1) in subsection (b)(1)(B), as redesignated by section 2, by striking ‘‘the purpose of such acquisition is to target’’ and inserting ‘‘a significant purpose of such acquisition is to acquire the communications of’’; (2) in subsection (d)(1)(A)— (A) by striking ‘‘ensure that’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘ensure— ‘‘(i) that’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) that an application is filed under title I, if otherwise required, when a significant purpose of an acquisition authorized under subsection (a) is to acquire the communica-tions of a particular, known person reason-ably believed to be located in the United States; and’’; (3) in subsection (g)(2)(A)(i)(I)— (A) by striking ‘‘ensure that’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘ensure— ‘‘(aa) that’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(bb) that an application is filed under title I, if otherwise required, when a signifi-cant purpose of an acquisition authorized under subsection (a) is to acquire the com-munications of a particular, known person reasonably believed to be located in the United States; and’’; and (4) in subsection (i)(2)(B)(i)— (A) by striking ‘‘ensure that’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘ensure— ‘‘(I) that’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(II) that an application is filed under title I, if otherwise required, when a significant purpose of an acquisition authorized under subsection (a) is to acquire the communica-tions of a particular, known person reason-ably believed to be located in the United States; and’’. SEC. 4. PROHIBITION ON ACQUISITION, PURSU-ANT TO CERTAIN FISA AUTHORITIES TO TARGET CERTAIN PERSONS OUT-SIDE THE UNITED STATES, OF COM-MUNICATIONS THAT DO NOT IN-CLUDE PERSONS TARGETED UNDER SUCH AUTHORITIES. 
Section 702(b)(1) of the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978, as redesig-nated by section 2, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (D), as redesignated by section 2, by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) by redesignating subparagraph (E) as subparagraph (G); and (3) by inserting after subparagraph (D) the following: ‘‘(E) may not acquire a communication as to which no participant is a person who is targeted pursuant to the authorized acquisi-tion;’’. 
SEC. 5. PROHIBITION ON ACQUISITION OF EN-TIRELY DOMESTIC COMMUNICA-TIONS UNDER AUTHORITIES TO TAR-GET CERTAIN PERSONS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES. 
Section 702(b)(1) of the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978, as redesig-nated by section 2 and amended by section 4, is further amended by inserting after sub-paragraph (E), as added by section 4, the fol-lowing: ‘‘(F) may not acquire communications known to be entirely domestic; and’’. 
SEC. 6. LIMITATION ON USE OF INFORMATION OBTAINED UNDER CERTAIN AU-THORITY OF FOREIGN INTEL-LIGENCE SURVEILLANCE ACT OF 1978 RELATING TO UNITED STATES PERSONS. 
Section 706(a) of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1881e(a)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Information acquired’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Information acquired’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION ON USE IN CRIMINAL , CIVIL , 
AND ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEEDINGS AND INVES -
TIGATIONS .—No communication to or from, or information about, a person acquired under section 702 who is either a United States person or is located in the United States may be introduced as evidence against the person in any criminal, civil, or administrative proceeding or used as part of any criminal, civil, or administrative inves-tigation, except— ‘‘(A) with the prior approval of the Attor-ney General; and ‘‘(B) in a proceeding or investigation in which the information is directly related to and necessary to address a specific threat of— ‘‘(i) terrorism (as defined in clauses (i) through (iii) of section 2332(g)(5)(B) of title 18, United States Code); ‘‘(ii) espionage (as used in chapter 37 of title 18, United States Code); ‘‘(iii) proliferation or use of a weapon of mass destruction (as defined in section 2332a(c) of title 18, United States Code); ‘‘(iv) a cybersecurity threat from a foreign country; ‘‘(v) incapacitation or destruction of crit-ical infrastructure (as defined in section 1016(e) of the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Re-quired to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (USA PATRIOT ACT) Act of 2001 (42 U.S.C. 5195c(e))); or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA6.022 S16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S201 January 16, 2018 
‘‘(vi) a threat to the armed forces of the United States or an ally of the United States or to other personnel of the United States Government or a government of an ally of the United States.’’. 
SEC. 7. REFORMS OF THE PRIVACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES OVERSIGHT BOARD. 
(a) I NCLUSION OF FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE AC-
TIVITIES IN OVERSIGHT AUTHORITY OF THE PRI-
VACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES OVERSIGHT  B
OARD .—Section 1061 of the Intelligence Re-form and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee) is amended— (1) in subsection (c), by inserting ‘‘and to conduct foreign intelligence activities’’ after ‘‘terrorism’’ each place such term appears; and (2) in subsection (d), ‘‘and to conduct for-eign intelligence activities’’ after ‘‘ter-rorism’’ each place such term appears. (b) S
UBMISSION OF WHISTLEBLOWER COM-
PLAINTS TO THE PRIVACY AND CIVILLIBERTIES  O
VERSIGHT BOARD .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1061 of the Intel-ligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee), as amended by subsection (a), is further amended— (A) in subsection (d), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) W
HISTLEBLOWER COMPLAINTS .— ‘‘(A) S
UBMISSION TO BOARD .—An employee of, or contractor or detailee to, an element of the intelligence community may submit to the Board a complaint or information that such employee, contractor, or detailee believes relates to a privacy or civil liberties concern. The confidentiality provisions under section 2409(b)(3) of title 10, United States Code, shall apply to a submission under this subparagraph. Any disclosure under this subparagraph shall be protected against discrimination under the procedures, burdens of proof, and remedies set forth in section 2409 of such title. ‘‘(B) A
UTHORITY OF BOARD .—The Board may take such action as the Board considers ap-propriate with respect to investigating a complaint or information submitted under subparagraph (A) or transmitting such com-plaint or information to any other Executive agency or the congressional intelligence committees. ‘‘(C) R
ELATIONSHIP TO EXISTING LAWS .—The authority under subparagraph (A) of an em-ployee, contractor, or detailee to submit to the Board a complaint or information shall be in addition to any other authority under another provision of law to submit a com-plaint or information. Any action taken under any other provision of law by the re-cipient of a complaint or information shall not preclude the Board from taking action relating to the same complaint or informa-tion. ‘‘(D) R
ELATIONSHIP TO ACTIONS TAKEN  
UNDER OTHER LAWS .—Nothing in this para-graph shall prevent— ‘‘(i) any individual from submitting a com-plaint or information to any authorized re-cipient of the complaint or information; or ‘‘(ii) the recipient of a complaint or infor-mation from taking independent action on the complaint or information.’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(n) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘congressional intelligence commit-tees’ and ‘intelligence community’ have the meanings given such terms in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003).’’. (2) P
ROHIBITED PERSONNEL PRACTICES .—Sec- tion 2302(b)(8)(B) of title 5, United States Code, is amended, in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘or to the Inspector of an agency or another employee designated by the head of the agency to receive such disclosures’’ and inserting ‘‘the Inspector General of an agency, a supervisor in the em-ployee’s direct chain of command (up to and including the head of the employing agency), the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, or an employee designated by any of the aforementioned individuals for the pur-pose of receiving such disclosures’’. (c) PRIVACY AND CIVILLIBERTIES OVERSIGHT  B
OARD SUBPOENA POWER .—Section 1061(g) of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Pre-vention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee(g)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(D), by striking ‘‘submit a written request to the Attorney General of the United States that the Attorney Gen-eral’’; (2) by striking paragraph (2); and (3) by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (4) as paragraphs (2) and (3), respectively. (d) A
PPOINTMENT OF STAFF OF THE PRIVACY  
ANDCIVILLIBERTIES OVERSIGHT BOARD .—Sec- tion 1061(j) of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee(j)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) A
PPOINTMENT IN ABSENCE OF CHAIR -
MAN.—If the position of chairman of the Board is vacant, during the period of the va-cancy the Board, at the direction of the ma-jority of the members of the Board, may ex-ercise the authority of the chairman under paragraph (1).’’. (e) T
ENURE AND COMPENSATION OF PRIVACY  
ANDCIVILLIBERTIES OVERSIGHT BOARD MEM-
BERS AND STAFF .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1061 of the Intel-ligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee), as amended by subsections (a) and (b), is further amended— (A) in subsection (h)— (i) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘full- time’’ after ‘‘4 additional’’; and (ii) in paragraph (4)(B), by striking ‘‘, ex-cept that’’ and all that follows through the end and inserting a period; (B) in subsection (i)(1)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘level III of the Executive Schedule under section 5314’’ and inserting ‘‘level II of the Executive Schedule under section 5313’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘level IV of the Executive Schedule’’ and all that follows through the end and inserting ‘‘level III of the Executive Schedule under section 5314 of title 5, United States Code.’’; and (C) in subsection (j)(1), by striking ‘‘level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316’’ and inserting ‘‘level IV of the Execu-tive Schedule under section 5315’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE ; APPLICABILITY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by paragraph (1)— (i) shall take effect on the date of the en-actment of this Act; and (ii) except as provided in paragraph (2), shall apply to any appointment to a position as a member of the Privacy and Civil Lib-erties Oversight Board made on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. (B) E
XCEPTIONS .— (i) C
OMPENSATION CHANGES .—The amend-ments made by subparagraphs (B)(i) and (C) of paragraph (1) shall take effect on the first day of the first pay period beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. (ii) E
LECTION TO SERVE FULL TIME BY INCUM -
BENTS .— (I) I
N GENERAL .—An individual serving as a member of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board on the date of the enact-ment of this Act, including a member con-tinuing to serve as a member under section 1061(h)(4)(B) of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee(h)(4)(B)), (referred to in this clause as a ‘‘current member’’) may make an election to— (aa) serve as a member of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board on a full- time basis and in accordance with section 1061 of the Intelligence Reform and Ter-rorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee), as amended by this section; or (bb) serve as a member of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board on a part- time basis in accordance with such section 1061, as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act, including the limitation on service after the expiration of the term of the member under subsection (h)(4)(B) of such section, as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act. (II) ELECTION TO SERVE FULL TIME .—A cur- rent member making an election under sub-clause (I)(aa) shall begin serving as a mem-ber of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Over-sight Board on a full-time basis on the first day of the first pay period beginning not less than 60 days after the date on which the cur-rent member makes such election. (f) P
ROVISION OF INFORMATION ABOUT GOV-
ERNMENT ACTIVITIES UNDER THE FOREIGN IN-
TELLIGENCE SURVEILLANCE ACT OF 1978 TO THE  P
RIVACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES OVERSIGHT  B
OARD .—The Attorney General shall fully in-form the Privacy and Civil Liberties Over-sight Board about any activities carried out by the Government under the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.), including by providing to the Board— (1) copies of each detailed report submitted to a committee of Congress under such Act; and (2) copies of each decision, order, and opin-ion of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court or the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Court of Review required to be in-cluded in the report under section 601(a) of such Act (50 U.S.C. 1871(a)). 
SEC. 8. IMPROVED ROLE IN OVERSIGHT OF ELEC-TRONIC SURVEILLANCE BY AMICI CURIAE APPOINTED BY COURTS UNDER FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE SURVEILLANCE ACT OF 1978. 
(a) R OLE OF AMICICURIAE GENERALLY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 103(i)(1) of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1803(i)(1)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Any amicus curiae designated pursuant to this paragraph may raise any issue with the Court at any time.’’. (2) R
EFERRAL OF CASES FOR REVIEW .—Sec- tion 103(i) of such Act is amended— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (5) through (10) as paragraphs (6) through (11), respectively; and (B) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(5) R
EFERRAL FOR REVIEW .— ‘‘(A) R
EFERRAL TO FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE  
SURVEILLANCE COURT EN BANC .—If the court established under subsection (a) appoints an amicus curiae under paragraph (2)(A) to as-sist the Court in the consideration of any matter presented to the Court under this Act and the Court makes a decision with respect to such matter, the Court, in response to an application by the amicus curiae or any other individual designated under paragraph (1), may refer the decision to the Court en banc for review as the Court considers appro-priate. ‘‘(B) R
EFERRAL TO FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE  
SURVEILLANCE COURT OF REVIEW .—If the court established under subsection (a) appoints an amicus curiae under paragraph (2)(A) to as-sist the Court in the consideration of any matter presented to the Court under this Act and the Court makes a decision with respect to such matter, the Court, in response to an application by the amicus curiae or any 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA6.022 S16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES202 January 16, 2018 
other individual designated under paragraph (1) may refer the decision to the court estab-lished under subsection (b) for review as the Court considers appropriate. ‘‘(C) R
EFERRAL TO SUPREME COURT .—If the Court of Review appoints an amicus curiae under paragraph (2) to assist the Court of Re-view in the review of any matter presented to the Court of Review under this Act or a question of law that may affect resolution of a matter in controversy and the Court of Re-view makes a decision with respect to such matter or question of law, the Court of Re-view, in response to an application by the amicus curiae or any other individual des-ignated under paragraph (1) may refer the decision to the Supreme Court for review as the Court of Review considers appropriate. ‘‘(D) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than 60 days after the end of each calendar year, the Court and the Court of Review shall each publish, on their respective Internet websites, a report listing— ‘‘(i) the number of applications for referral received by the Court or the Court of Re-view, as applicable, during the most recently concluded calendar year; and ‘‘(ii) the number of such applications for referral that were granted by the Court or the Court of Review, as applicable, during such calendar year.’’. (3) A
SSISTANCE .—Section 103(i)(6) of such Act, as redesignated, is further amended to read as follows: ‘‘(6) A
SSISTANCE .—Any individual des-ignated pursuant to paragraph (1) may raise a legal or technical issue or any other issue with the Court or the Court of Review at any time. If an amicus curiae is appointed under paragraph (2)(A)— ‘‘(A) the court shall notify all other amicus curiae designated under paragraph (1) of such appointment; ‘‘(B) the appointed amicus curiae may re-quest, either directly or through the court, the assistance of the other amici curiae des-ignated under paragraph (1); and ‘‘(C) all amici curiae designated under paragraph (1) may provide input to the court whether or not such input was formally re-quested by the court or the appointed amicus curiae.’’. (4) A
CCESS TO INFORMATION .—Section 103(i)(7) of such Act, as redesignated, is fur-ther amended— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) in clause (i)— (I) by striking ‘‘that the court’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘that— ‘‘(I) the court’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end and in-serting the following: ‘‘or ‘‘(II) are cited by the Government in an ap-plication or case with respect to which an amicus curiae is assisting a court under this subsection;’’; (ii) by redesignating clause (ii) as clause (iii); and (iii) by inserting after clause (i) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(ii) shall have access to an unredacted copy of each decision made by a court estab-lished under subsection (a) or (b) in which the court decides a question of law, notwith-standing whether the decision is classified; and’’; (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’; and (C) in subparagraph (C)— (i) in the subparagraph heading, by strik-ing ‘‘C
LASSIFIED INFORMATION ’’ and inserting ‘‘A
CCESS TO INFORMATION ’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘court may have access’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘court— ‘‘(i) shall have access to unredacted copies of each opinion, order, transcript, pleading, or other document of the Court and the Court of Review; and ‘‘(ii) may have access’’. (5) PUBLIC NOTICE AND RECEIPT OF BRIEFS  
FROM THIRD PARTIES .—Section 103(i) of such Act, as amended by this subsection, is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(12) P
UBLIC NOTICE AND RECEIPT OF BRIEFS  
FROM THIRD PARTIES .—Whenever a court es-tablished under subsection (a) or (b) con-siders a novel a question of law that can be considered without disclosing classified in-formation, sources, or methods, the court shall, to the greatest extent practicable, con-sider such question in an open manner— ‘‘(A) by publishing on its Internet website each question of law that the court is consid-ering; and ‘‘(B) by accepting briefs from third parties relating to the question under consideration by the court.’’. (b) P
ARTICIPATION OF AMICI CURIAE IN  O
VERSIGHT OF AUTHORIZATIONS FOR TAR-
GETING OF CERTAIN PERSONS OUTSIDE THE  U
NITED STATES OTHER THAN UNITED STATES  P
ERSONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 702(i)(2) of such Act (50 U.S.C. 1881a(i)(2)) is amended— (A) in subparagraph (B), by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as subclauses (I) and (II), respectively, and adjusting the indentation of the margin of such subclauses, as so redes-ignated, two ems to the right; (B) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) through (C) as clauses (i) through (iii), re-spectively, and adjusting the indentation of the margin of such clauses, as so redesig-nated, two ems to the right; (C) by inserting before clause (i), as redes-ignated by subparagraph (B), the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) P
ARTICIPATION BY AMICI CURIAE .—In reviewing a certification under subparagraph (A)(i), the Court shall randomly select an amicus curiae designated under section 103(i) to assist with such review.’’. (2) S
CHEDULE .—Section 702(i)(5)(A) of such Act is amended by striking ‘‘at least 30 days prior to the expiration of such authoriza-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘such number of days be-fore the expiration of such authorization as the Court considers necessary to comply with the requirements of paragraph (2)(B) or 30 days, whichever is greater’’. (c) P
UBLIC NOTICE OF QUESTIONS OF LAW C
ERTIFIED FOR REVIEW .—Section 103(j) of such Act (50 U.S.C. 1803(j)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Following’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Following’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) P
UBLIC NOTICE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), whenever a court estab-lished under subsection (a) certifies a ques-tion of law for review under paragraph (1) of this subsection, the court shall publish on its Internet website— ‘‘(i) a notice of the question of law to be re-viewed; and ‘‘(ii) briefs submitted by the parties, which may be redacted at the discretion of the court to protect sources, methods, and other classified information. ‘‘(B) P
ROTECTION OF CLASSIFIED INFORMA -
TION, SOURCES , AND METHODS .—Subparagraph (A) shall apply to the greatest extent prac-ticable, consistent with otherwise applicable law on the protection of classified informa-tion, sources, and methods.’’. 
SEC. 9. REFORMS TO THE FOREIGN INTEL-LIGENCE SURVEILLANCE COURT. 
(a) FISA C OURT JUDGES .— (1) N
UMBER AND DESIGNATION OF JUDGES .— Section 103(a)(1) of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1803(a)(1)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1)(A) There is a court which shall have jurisdiction to hear applications for and to grant orders approving electronic surveil-lance anywhere within the United States under the procedures set forth in this Act. ‘‘(B)(i) The court established under sub-paragraph (A) shall consist of 13 judges, one of whom shall be designated from each judi-cial circuit (including the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia and the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit). ‘‘(ii) The Chief Justice of the United States shall— ‘‘(I) designate each judge of the court es-tablished under subparagraph (A) from the nominations made under subparagraph (C); and ‘‘(II) make the name of each judge of such court available to the public. ‘‘(C)(i) When a vacancy occurs in the posi-tion of a judge of the court established under subparagraph (A) from a judicial circuit, the chief judge of the circuit shall propose a dis-trict judge for a judicial district within the judicial circuit to be designated for that po-sition. ‘‘(ii) If the Chief Justice does not designate a district judge proposed under clause (i), the chief judge shall propose 2 other district judges for a judicial district within the judi-cial circuit to be designated for that position and the Chief Justice shall designate 1 such district judge to that position. ‘‘(D) No judge of the court established under subparagraph (A) (except when sitting en banc under paragraph (2)) shall hear the same application for electronic surveillance under this Act which has been denied pre-viously by another judge of such court. ‘‘(E) If any judge of the court established under subparagraph (A) denies an application for an order authorizing electronic surveil-lance under this Act, such judge shall pro-vide immediately for the record a written statement of each reason for the judge’s de-cision and, on motion of the United States, the record shall be transmitted, under seal, to the court of review established in sub-section (b).’’. (2) TENURE .—Section 103(d) of such Act is amended by striking ‘‘redesignation,’’ and all that follows through the end and insert-ing ‘‘redesignation.’’. (3) I
MPLEMENTATION .— (A) I
NCUMBENTS .—A district judge des-ignated to serve on the court established under subsection (a) of such section before the date of enactment of this Act may con-tinue to serve in that position until the end of the term of the district judge under sub-section (d) of such section, as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act. (B) I
NITIAL APPOINTMENT AND TERM .—Not- withstanding any provision of such section, as amended by paragraphs (1) and (2), and not later than 180 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Chief Justice of the United States shall— (i) designate a district court judge who is serving in a judicial district within the Dis-trict of Columbia circuit and proposed by the chief judge of such circuit to be a judge of the court established under section 103(a) of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1803(a)) for an initial term of 7 years; and (ii) designate a district court judge who is serving in a judicial district within the Fed-eral circuit and proposed by the chief judge of such circuit to be a judge of such court for an initial term of 4 years. (b) C
OURT OF REVIEW .—Section 103(b) of such Act is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Chief Justice’’ and in-serting ‘‘(1) Subject to paragraph (2), the Chief Justice’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA6.022 S16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S203 January 16, 2018 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) The Chief Justice may designate a dis-trict court judge or circuit court judge to a position on the court established under para-graph (1) only if at least 5 associate justices approve the designation of such individual.’’. 
SEC. 10. STUDY AND REPORT ON DIVERSITY AND REPRESENTATION ON THE FISA COURT AND THE FISA COURT OF RE-VIEW. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Committee on Intercircuit Assignments of the Judicial Conference of the United States shall conduct a study on how to ensure judges are appointed to the court established under subsection (a) of sec-tion 103 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1803) and the court established under subsection (b) of such section in a manner that ensures such courts are diverse and representative. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Committee on Intercircuit Assignments shall submit to Congress a report on the study carried out under subsection (a). 
SEC. 11. GROUNDS FOR DETERMINING INJURY IN FACT IN CIVIL ACTION RELATING TO SURVEILLANCE UNDER CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF FOREIGN INTEL-LIGENCE SURVEILLANCE ACT OF 1978. 
Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Sur-veillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1881a), as amended by sections 2, 3, 4, 5, and 8(b), is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(m) C
HALLENGES TO GOVERNMENT SUR-
VEILLANCE .— ‘‘(1) I
NJURY IN FACT .—In any claim in a civil action brought in a court of the United States relating to surveillance conducted under this section, the person asserting the claim has suffered an injury in fact if the person— ‘‘(A) has a reasonable basis to believe that the person’s communications will be ac-quired under this section; and ‘‘(B) has taken objectively reasonable steps to avoid surveillance under this section. ‘‘(2) R
EASONABLE BASIS .—A person shall be presumed to have demonstrated a reasonable basis to believe that the communications of the person will be acquired under this sec-tion if the profession of the person requires the person regularly to communicate foreign intelligence information with persons who— ‘‘(A) are not United States persons; and ‘‘(B) are located outside the United States. ‘‘(3) O
BJECTIVE STEPS .—A person shall be presumed to have taken objectively reason-able steps to avoid surveillance under this section if the person demonstrates that the steps were taken in reasonable response to rules of professional conduct or analogous professional rules.’’. 
SEC. 12. CLARIFICATION OF APPLICABILITY OF REQUIREMENT TO DECLASSIFY SIG-NIFICANT DECISIONS OF FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE SURVEILLANCE COURT AND FOREIGN INTEL-LIGENCE SURVEILLANCE COURT OF REVIEW. 
Section 602 of the Foreign Intelligence Sur-veillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1872) shall apply with respect to decisions, orders, and opinions described in subsection (a) of such section that were issued on, before, or after the date of the enactment of the Uniting and Strengthening America by Fulfilling Rights and Ensuring Effective Discipline Over Moni-toring Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–23). 
SEC. 13. CLARIFICATION REGARDING TREAT-MENT OF INFORMATION ACQUIRED UNDER FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE SURVEILLANCE ACT OF 1978. 
(a) D ERIVED DEFINED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 101 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(q) For the purposes of notification provi-sions of this Act, information or evidence is ‘derived’ from an electronic surveillance, physical search, use of a pen register or trap and trace device, production of tangible things, or acquisition under this Act when the Government would not have originally possessed the information or evidence but for that electronic surveillance, physical search, use of a pen register or trap and trace device, production of tangible things, or acquisition, and regardless of any claim that the infor-mation or evidence is attenuated from the surveillance or search, would inevitably have been discovered, or was subsequently re-obtained through other means.’’. (2) POLICIES AND GUIDANCE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Attorney General and the Director of Na-tional Intelligence shall publish the fol-lowing: (i) Policies concerning the application of subsection (q) of section 101 of such Act, as added by paragraph (1). (ii) Guidance for all members of the intel-ligence community (as defined in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003)) and all Federal agencies with law en-forcement responsibilities concerning the ap-plication of such subsection. (B) M
ODIFICATIONS .—Whenever the Attor-ney General and the Director modify a policy or guidance published under subparagraph (A), the Attorney General and the Director shall publish such modifications. (b) U
SE OF INFORMATION ACQUIRED UNDER  T
ITLE VII.—Section 706 of such Act (50 U.S.C. 1881e) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘, except for the purposes of subsection (j) of such sec-tion’’; and (2) by amending subsection (b) to read as follows: ‘‘(b) I
NFORMATION ACQUIRED UNDER SEC-
TIONS 703–705.—Information acquired from an acquisition conducted under section 703, 704, or 705 shall be deemed to be information ac-quired from an electronic surveillance pursu-ant to title I for the purposes of section 106.’’. 
SEC. 14. LIMITATION ON TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE FROM ELECTRONIC COMMUNICA-TION SERVICE PROVIDERS UNDER THE FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE SUR-VEILLANCE ACT OF 1978. 
Section 702(h)(1) of the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1881a(h)(1)) is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and moving such clauses 2 ems to the right; (2) by striking ‘‘With respect to’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), in carrying out’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) L
IMITATIONS .—The Attorney General or the Director of National Intelligence may not request assistance from an electronic communication service provider under sub-paragraph (A) without demonstrating, to the satisfaction of the Court, that the assistance sought— ‘‘(i) is necessary; ‘‘(ii) is narrowly tailored to the surveil-lance at issue; and ‘‘(iii) would not pose an undue burden on the electronic communication service pro-vider or its customers who are not an in-tended target of the surveillance. ‘‘(C) C
OMPLIANCE .—An electronic commu-nication service provider is not obligated to comply with a directive to provide assist-ance under this paragraph unless— ‘‘(i) such assistance is a manner or method that has been explicitly approved by the Court; and ‘‘(ii) the Court issues an order, which has been delivered to the provider, explicitly de-scribing the assistance to be furnished by the provider that has been approved by the Court.’’. SEC. 15. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITIES FOR PUBLIC REPORTING BY PERSONS SUBJECT TO NONDISCLOSURE RE-QUIREMENT ACCOMPANYING ORDER UNDER FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE SURVEILLANCE ACT OF 1978. 
(a) M ODIFICATION OF AGGREGATION BAND-
ING.—Subsection (a) of section 604 of the For-eign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1874) is amended— (1) by striking paragraphs (1) through (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) A semiannual report that aggregates the number of orders, directives, or national security letters with which the person was required to comply into separate categories of— ‘‘(A) the number of national security let-ters received, reported— ‘‘(i) for the first 1000 national security let-ters received, in bands of 200 starting with 1– 200; and ‘‘(ii) for more than 1000 national security letters received, the precise number of na-tional security letters received; ‘‘(B) the number of customer selectors tar-geted by national security letters, reported— ‘‘(i) for the first 1000 customer selectors targeted, in bands of 200 starting with 1–200; and ‘‘(ii) for more than 1000 customer selectors targeted, the precise number of customer se-lectors targeted; ‘‘(C) the number of orders or directives re-ceived, combined, under this Act for con-tents— ‘‘(i) reported— ‘‘(I) for the first 1000 orders and directives received, in bands of 200 starting with 1–200; and ‘‘(II) for more than 1000 orders and direc-tives received, the precise number of orders received; and ‘‘(ii) disaggregated by whether the order or directive was issued under section 105, 402, 501, 702, 703, or 704; ‘‘(D) the number of customer selectors tar-geted under orders or directives received, combined, under this Act for contents— ‘‘(i) reported— ‘‘(I) for the first 1000 customer selectors targeted, in bands of 200 starting with 1–200; and ‘‘(II) for more than 1000 customer selectors targeted, the precise number of customer se-lectors targeted; and ‘‘(ii) disaggregated by whether the order or directive was issued under section 105, 402, 501, 702, 703, or 704; ‘‘(E) the number of orders or directives re-ceived under this Act for noncontents— ‘‘(i) reported— ‘‘(I) for the first 1000 orders or directives received, in bands of 200 starting with 1–200; and ‘‘(II) for more than 1000 orders or directives received, the precise number of orders re-ceived; and ‘‘(ii) disaggregated by whether the order or directive was issued under section 105, 402, 501, 702, 703, or 704; and ‘‘(F) the number of customer selectors tar-geted under orders or directives under this Act for noncontents— ‘‘(i) reported— ‘‘(I) for the first 1000 customer selectors targeted, in bands of 200 starting with 1–200; and ‘‘(II) for more than 1000 customer selectors targeted, the precise number of customer se-lectors targeted; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA6.022 S16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES204 January 16, 2018 
‘‘(ii) disaggregated by whether the order or directive was issued under section 105, 402, 501, 702, 703, or 704.’’; and (2) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (2). (b) A
DDITIONAL DISCLOSURES .—Such section is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (b) through (d) as subsections (c) through (e), re-spectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(b) A
DDITIONAL DISCLOSURES .—A person who publicly reports information under sub-section (a) may also publicly report the fol-lowing information, relating to the previous 180 days, using a semiannual report that in-dicates whether the person was or was not required to comply with an order, directive, or national security letter issued under each of sections 105, 402, 501, 702, 703, and 704 and the provisions listed in section 603(e)(3).’’. 
SEC. 16. ANNUAL PUBLICATION OF STATISTICS ON NUMBER OF PERSONS TAR-GETED OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES UNDER CERTAIN FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE SURVEILLANCE ACT OF 1978 AUTHORITY. 
Not less frequently than once each year, the Director of National Intelligence shall publish the following: (1) A description of the subject matter of each of the certifications provided under subsection (g) of section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1881a) in the last calendar year. (2) Statistics revealing the number of per-sons targeted in the last calendar year under subsection (a) of such section, disaggregated by certification under which the person was targeted. 
SEC. 17. REPEAL OF NONAPPLICABILITY TO FED-ERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION OF CERTAIN REPORTING REQUIRE-MENTS UNDER FOREIGN INTEL-LIGENCE SURVEILLANCE ACT OF 1978. 
Section 603(d)(2) of the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1873(d)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘(A) F
ED-
ERAL BUREAU ’’ and all that follows through ‘‘Paragraph (3)(B) of’’ and inserting ‘‘Para-graph (3)(B)’’. 
SEC. 18. PUBLICATION OF ESTIMATES REGARD-ING COMMUNICATIONS COLLECTED UNDER CERTAIN PROVISION OF FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE SURVEIL-LANCE ACT OF 1978. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (b), not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall pub-lish an estimate of— (1) the number of United States persons whose communications are collected under section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Sur-veillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1881a); or (2) the number of communications col-lected under such section to which a party is a person inside the United States. (b) I
NCASE OF TECHNICAL IMPOSSIBILITY .— If the Director determines that publishing an estimate pursuant to subsection (a) is not technically possible— (1) subsection (a) shall not apply; and (2) the Director shall publish an assess-ment in unclassified form explaining such determination, but may submit a classified annex to the appropriate committees of Con-gress as necessary. (c) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the congressional intelligence commit-tees (as defined in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003)); (2) the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; and (3) the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives. SEC. 19. FOUR-YEAR EXTENSION OF FISA AMEND-MENTS ACT OF 2008. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Section 403(b) of the FISA Amendments Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–261) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1) (50 U.S.C. 1881–1881g note), by striking ‘‘December 31, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2021’’; and (2) in paragraph (2) (18 U.S.C. 2511 note), in the material preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘December 31, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2021’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The heading of section 404(b)(1) of the FISA Amendments Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–261; 50 U.S.C. 1801 note) is amended by striking ‘‘D
ECEMBER 31 , 
2017’’ and inserting ‘‘S EPTEMBER 30 , 2021’’. 
SA 1890. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. P
AUL) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 139, to implement the use of Rapid DNA instruments to inform deci-sions about pretrial release or deten-tion and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 20, strike line 13 and all that fol-lows through page 27, line 23, and insert the following: 
SEC. 103. PROHIBITION ON ACQUISITION, PURSU-ANT TO CERTAIN FISA AUTHORITIES TO TARGET CERTAIN PERSONS OUT-SIDE THE UNITED STATES, OF COM-MUNICATIONS THAT DO NOT IN-CLUDE PERSONS TARGETED UNDER SUCH AUTHORITIES. 
Section 702(b) (50 U.S.C. 1881a(b)) is amend-ed— (1) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-graph (6); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(5) may not acquire a communication as to which no participant is a person who is targeted pursuant to the authorized acquisi-tion; and’’. 
SA 1891. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. P
AUL) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 139, to implement the use of Rapid DNA instruments to inform deci-sions about pretrial release or deten-tion and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 2, strike line 14 and all that follows through page 15, line 6, and in-sert the following: 
SEC. 101. CLARIFICATION ON PROHIBITION ON QUERYING OF COLLECTIONS OF COMMUNICATIONS TO CONDUCT WARRANTLESS QUERIES FOR THE COMMUNICATIONS OF UNITED STATES PERSONS AND PERSONS IN-SIDE THE UNITED STATES. 
Section 702(b) of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1881a(b)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (5) as subparagraphs (A) through (E), respec-tively, and indenting such subparagraphs, as so redesignated, an additional two ems from the left margin; (2) by striking ‘‘An acquisition’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—An acquisition’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) CLARIFICATION ON PROHIBITION ON  
QUERYING OF COLLECTIONS OF COMMUNICATIONS  
OF UNITED STATES PERSONS AND PERSONS IN -
SIDE THE UNITED STATES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraphs (B) and (C), no officer or em-ployee of the United States may conduct a query of information acquired under this sec-tion in an effort to find communications of or about a particular United States person or a person inside the United States. ‘‘(B) C
ONCURRENT AUTHORIZATION AND EX -
CEPTION FOR EMERGENCY SITUATIONS .—Sub- paragraph (A) shall not apply to a query for communications related to a particular United States person or person inside the United States if— ‘‘(i) such United States person or person inside the United States is the subject of an order or emergency authorization author-izing electronic surveillance or physical search under section 105, 304, 703, 704, or 705 of this Act, or under title 18, United States Code, for the effective period of that order; ‘‘(ii) the entity carrying out the query has a reasonable belief that the life or safety of such United States person or person inside the United States is threatened and the in-formation is sought for the purpose of assist-ing that person; ‘‘(iii) such United States person or person in the United States is a corporation; or ‘‘(iv) such United States person or person inside the United States has consented to the query. ‘‘(C) Q
UERIES OF FEDERATED DATA SETS AND  
MIXED DATA .—If an officer or employee of the United States conducts a query of a data set, or of federated data sets, that includes any information acquired under this section, the system shall be configured not to return such information unless the officer or em-ployee enters a code or other information in-dicating that— ‘‘(i) the person associated with the search term is not a United States person or person inside the United States; or ‘‘(ii) if the person associated with the search term is a United States person or per-son inside the United States, one or more of the conditions of subparagraph (B) are satis-fied. ‘‘(D) M
ATTERS RELATING TO EMERGENCY  
QUERIES .— ‘‘(i) T
REATMENT OF DENIALS .—In the event that a query for communications related to a particular United States person or a person inside the United States is conducted pursu-ant to an emergency authorization author-izing electronic surveillance or a physical search described in subsection (B)(i) and the application for such emergency authoriza-tion is denied, or in any other case in which the query has been conducted and no order is issued approving the query— ‘‘(I) no information obtained or evidence derived from such query may be received in evidence or otherwise disclosed in any trial, hearing, or other proceeding in or before any court, grand jury, department, office, agen-cy, regulatory body, legislative committee, or other authority of the United States, a State, or political subdivision thereof; and ‘‘(II) no information concerning any United States person acquired from such query may subsequently be used or disclosed in any other manner by Federal officers or employ-ees without the consent of such person, ex-cept with the approval of the Attorney Gen-eral if the information indicates a threat of death or serious bodily harm to any person. ‘‘(ii) A
SSESSMENT OF COMPLIANCE .—The At- torney General shall assess compliance with the requirements under clause (i).’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA6.022 S16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S205 January 16, 2018 
SA 1892. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. P
AUL) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 139, to implement the use of Rapid DNA instruments to inform deci-sions about pretrial release or deten-tion and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 42, after line 21, add the following: 
SEC. 113. PROHIBITION ON REVERSE TARGETING UNDER CERTAIN AUTHORITIES OF THE FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE SUR-VEILLANCE ACT OF 1978. 
Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Sur-veillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1881a), as amended by section 2, is further amended— (1) in subsection (b)(2), by striking ‘‘the purpose of such acquisition is to target’’ and inserting ‘‘a significant purpose of such ac-quisition is to acquire the communications of’’; (2) in subsection (d)(1)(A)— (A) by striking ‘‘ensure that’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘ensure— ‘‘(i) that’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) that an application is filed under title I, if otherwise required, when a significant purpose of an acquisition authorized under subsection (a) is to acquire the communica-tions of a particular, known person reason-ably believed to be located in the United States; and’’; (3) in subsection (g)(2)(A)(i)(I)— (A) by striking ‘‘ensure that’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘ensure— ‘‘(aa) that’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(bb) that an application is filed under title I, if otherwise required, when a signifi-cant purpose of an acquisition authorized under subsection (a) is to acquire the com-munications of a particular, known person reasonably believed to be located in the United States; and’’; and (4) in subsection (i)(2)(B)(i)— (A) by striking ‘‘ensure that’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘ensure— ‘‘(I) that’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(II) that an application is filed under title I, if otherwise required, when a significant purpose of an acquisition authorized under subsection (a) is to acquire the communica-tions of a particular, known person reason-ably believed to be located in the United States; and’’. 
SA 1893. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. P
AUL) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 139, to implement the use of Rapid DNA instruments to inform deci-sions about pretrial release or deten-tion and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 42, after line 21, add the following: 
SEC. 113. PROHIBITION ON ACQUISITION OF EN-TIRELY DOMESTIC COMMUNICA-TIONS UNDER AUTHORITIES TO TAR-GET CERTAIN PERSONS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES. 
Section 702(b) of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 19881a(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-graph (6); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(5) may not acquire communications known to be entirely domestic; and’’. SA 1894. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. P
AUL) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 139, to implement the use of Rapid DNA instruments to inform deci-sions about pretrial release or deten-tion and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. GROUNDS FOR DETERMINING INJURY IN FACT IN CIVIL ACTION RELATING TO SURVEILLANCE UNDER CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF FOREIGN INTEL-LIGENCE SURVEILLANCE ACT OF 1978. 
Section 702 (50 U.S.C. 1881a), as amended by section 101, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(n) C
HALLENGES TO GOVERNMENT SURVEIL -
LANCE .— ‘‘(1) I
NJURY IN FACT .—In any claim in a civil action brought in a court of the United States relating to surveillance conducted under this section, the person asserting the claim has suffered an injury in fact if the person— ‘‘(A) has a reasonable basis to believe that the person’s communications will be ac-quired under this section; and ‘‘(B) has taken objectively reasonable steps to avoid surveillance under this section. ‘‘(2) R
EASONABLE BASIS .—A person shall be presumed to have demonstrated a reasonable basis to believe that the communications of the person will be acquired under this sec-tion if the profession of the person requires the person regularly to communicate foreign intelligence information with persons who— ‘‘(A) are not United States persons; and ‘‘(B) are located outside the United States. ‘‘(3) O
BJECTIVE STEPS .—A person shall be presumed to have taken objectively reason-able steps to avoid surveillance under this section if the person demonstrates that the steps were taken in reasonable response to rules of professional conduct or analogous professional rules.’’. 
SA 1895. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. P
AUL) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 139, to implement the use of Rapid DNA instruments to inform deci-sions about pretrial release or deten-tion and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 29, strike lines 14 through 24 and insert the following: 
SEC. 106. IMPROVED ROLE IN OVERSIGHT OF ELECTRONIC SURVEILLANCE BY AMICI CURIAE APPOINTED BY COURTS UNDER FOREIGN INTEL-LIGENCE SURVEILLANCE ACT OF 1978. 
(a) R OLE OF AMICICURIAE GENERALLY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 103(i)(1) of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1803(i)(1)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Any amicus curiae designated pursuant to this paragraph may raise any issue with the Court at any time.’’. (2) REFERRAL OF CASES FOR REVIEW .—Sec- tion 103(i) of such Act is amended— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (5) through (10) as paragraphs (6) through (11), respectively; and (B) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(5) R
EFERRAL FOR REVIEW .— ‘‘(A) R
EFERRAL TO FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE  
SURVEILLANCE COURT EN BANC .—If the court established under subsection (a) appoints an amicus curiae under paragraph (2)(A) to as-sist the Court in the consideration of any matter presented to the Court under this Act and the Court makes a decision with respect to such matter, the Court, in response to an application by the amicus curiae or any other individual designated under paragraph (1), may refer the decision to the Court en banc for review as the Court considers appro-priate. ‘‘(B) R
EFERRAL TO FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE  
SURVEILLANCE COURT OF REVIEW .—If the court established under subsection (a) appoints an amicus curiae under paragraph (2)(A) to as-sist the Court in the consideration of any matter presented to the Court under this Act and the Court makes a decision with respect to such matter, the Court, in response to an application by the amicus curiae or any other individual designated under paragraph (1) may refer the decision to the court estab-lished under subsection (b) for review as the Court considers appropriate. ‘‘(C) R
EFERRAL TO SUPREME COURT .—If the Court of Review appoints an amicus curiae under paragraph (2) to assist the Court of Re-view in the review of any matter presented to the Court of Review under this Act or a question of law that may affect resolution of a matter in controversy and the Court of Re-view makes a decision with respect to such matter or question of law, the Court of Re-view, in response to an application by the amicus curiae or any other individual des-ignated under paragraph (1) may refer the decision to the Supreme Court for review as the Court of Review considers appropriate. ‘‘(D) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than 60 days after the end of each calendar year, the Court and the Court of Review shall each publish, on their respective Internet websites, a report listing— ‘‘(i) the number of applications for referral received by the Court or the Court of Re-view, as applicable, during the most recently concluded calendar year; and ‘‘(ii) the number of such applications for referral that were granted by the Court or the Court of Review, as applicable, during such calendar year.’’. (3) A
SSISTANCE .—Section 103(i)(6) of such Act, as redesignated, is further amended to read as follows: ‘‘(6) A
SSISTANCE .—Any individual des-ignated pursuant to paragraph (1) may raise a legal or technical issue or any other issue with the Court or the Court of Review at any time. If an amicus curiae is appointed under paragraph (2)(A)— ‘‘(A) the court shall notify all other amicus curiae designated under paragraph (1) of such appointment; ‘‘(B) the appointed amicus curiae may re-quest, either directly or through the court, the assistance of the other amici curiae des-ignated under paragraph (1); and ‘‘(C) all amici curiae designated under paragraph (1) may provide input to the court whether or not such input was formally re-quested by the court or the appointed amicus curiae.’’. (4) A
CCESS TO INFORMATION .—Section 103(i)(7) of such Act, as redesignated, is fur-ther amended— (A) in subparagraph (A)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA6.019 S16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES206 January 16, 2018 
(i) in clause (i)— (I) by striking ‘‘that the court’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘that— ‘‘(I) the court’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end and in-serting the following: ‘‘or ‘‘(II) are cited by the Government in an ap-plication or case with respect to which an amicus curiae is assisting a court under this subsection;’’; (ii) by redesignating clause (ii) as clause (iii); and (iii) by inserting after clause (i) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(ii) shall have access to an unredacted copy of each decision made by a court estab-lished under subsection (a) or (b) in which the court decides a question of law, notwith-standing whether the decision is classified; and’’; (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’; and (C) in subparagraph (C)— (i) in the subparagraph heading, by strik-ing ‘‘C
LASSIFIED INFORMATION ’’ and inserting ‘‘A
CCESS TO INFORMATION ’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘court may have access’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘court— ‘‘(i) shall have access to unredacted copies of each opinion, order, transcript, pleading, or other document of the Court and the Court of Review; and ‘‘(ii) may have access’’. (5) P
UBLIC NOTICE AND RECEIPT OF BRIEFS  
FROM THIRD PARTIES .—Section 103(i) of such Act, as amended by this subsection, is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(12) P
UBLIC NOTICE AND RECEIPT OF BRIEFS  
FROM THIRD PARTIES .—Whenever a court es-tablished under subsection (a) or (b) con-siders a novel a question of law that can be considered without disclosing classified in-formation, sources, or methods, the court shall, to the greatest extent practicable, con-sider such question in an open manner— ‘‘(A) by publishing on its Internet website each question of law that the court is consid-ering; and ‘‘(B) by accepting briefs from third parties relating to the question under consideration by the court.’’. (6) C
OMPENSATION OF AMICI CURIAE AND  
TECHNICAL EXPERTS .—Such section, as so amended, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(13) C
OMPENSATION .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, a court established under subsection (a) or (b) may compensate an amicus curiae appointed under paragraph (2) for assistance provided under such para-graph as the court considers appropriate and at such rate as the court considers appro-priate.’’. (b) P
ARTICIPATION OF AMICI CURIAE IN  O
VERSIGHT OF AUTHORIZATIONS FOR TAR-
GETING OF CERTAIN PERSONS OUTSIDE THE  U
NITED STATES OTHER THAN UNITED STATES  P
ERSONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 702(i)(2) of such Act (50 U.S.C. 1881a(i)(2)) is amended— (A) in subparagraph (B), by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as subclauses (I) and (II), respectively, and adjusting the indentation of the margin of such subclauses, as so redes-ignated, two ems to the right; (B) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) through (C) as clauses (i) through (iii), re-spectively, and adjusting the indentation of the margin of such clauses, as so redesig-nated, two ems to the right; (C) by inserting before clause (i), as redes-ignated by subparagraph (B), the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) P
ARTICIPATION BY AMICI CURIAE .—In reviewing a certification under subparagraph (A)(i), the Court shall randomly select an amicus curiae designated under section 103(i) to assist with such review.’’. (2) SCHEDULE .—Section 702(i)(5)(A) of such Act is amended by striking ‘‘at least 30 days prior to the expiration of such authoriza-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘such number of days be-fore the expiration of such authorization as the Court considers necessary to comply with the requirements of paragraph (2)(B) or 30 days, whichever is greater’’. (c) P
UBLIC NOTICE OF QUESTIONS OF LAW C
ERTIFIED FOR REVIEW .—Section 103(j) of such Act (50 U.S.C. 1803(j)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Following’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Following’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) P
UBLIC NOTICE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), whenever a court estab-lished under subsection (a) certifies a ques-tion of law for review under paragraph (1) of this subsection, the court shall publish on its Internet website— ‘‘(i) a notice of the question of law to be re-viewed; and ‘‘(ii) briefs submitted by the parties, which may be redacted at the discretion of the court to protect sources, methods, and other classified information. ‘‘(B) P
ROTECTION OF CLASSIFIED INFORMA -
TION, SOURCES , AND METHODS .—Subparagraph (A) shall apply to the greatest extent prac-ticable, consistent with otherwise applicable law on the protection of classified informa-tion, sources, and methods.’’. 
SA 1896. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. P
AUL) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 139, to implement the use of Rapid DNA instruments to inform deci-sions about pretrial release or deten-tion and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Uniting and Strengthening America by Reforming and Improving the Government’s High-Tech Surveillance Act of 2017’’ or the ‘‘USA RIGHTS Act of 2017’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Clarification on prohibition on querying of collections of com-munications to conduct warrantless queries for the communications of United States persons and persons in-side the United States. Sec. 3. Prohibition on reverse targeting under certain authorities of the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Act of 1978. Sec. 4. Prohibition on acquisition, pursuant to certain FISA authorities to target certain persons outside the United States, of commu-nications that do not include persons targeted under such au-thorities. Sec. 5. Prohibition on acquisition of entirely domestic communications under authorities to target cer-tain persons outside the United States. Sec. 6. Limitation on use of information ob-tained under certain authority of Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Act of 1978 relating to United States persons. Sec. 7. Reforms of the Privacy and Civil Lib-erties Oversight Board. Sec. 8. Improved role in oversight of elec-tronic surveillance by amici cu-riae appointed by courts under Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Act of 1978. Sec. 9. Reforms to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court. Sec. 10. Study and report on diversity and representation on the FISA Court and the FISA Court of Review. Sec. 11. Grounds for determining injury in fact in civil action relating to surveillance under certain pro-visions of Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978. Sec. 12. Clarification of applicability of re-quirement to declassify signifi-cant decisions of Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Court and Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Court of Review. Sec. 13. Clarification regarding treatment of information acquired under Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Act of 1978. Sec. 14. Limitation on technical assistance from electronic communication service providers under the For-eign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978. Sec. 15. Modification of authorities for pub-lic reporting by persons subject to nondisclosure requirement accompanying order under For-eign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978. Sec. 16. Annual publication of statistics on number of persons targeted out-side the United States under certain Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 author-ity. Sec. 17. Repeal of nonapplicability to Fed-eral Bureau of Investigation of certain reporting requirements under Foreign Intelligence Sur-veillance Act of 1978. Sec. 18. Publication of estimates regarding communications collected under certain provision of For-eign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978. Sec. 19. Four-year extension of FISA Amendments Act of 2008. 
SEC. 2. CLARIFICATION ON PROHIBITION ON QUERYING OF COLLECTIONS OF COMMUNICATIONS TO CONDUCT WARRANTLESS QUERIES FOR THE COMMUNICATIONS OF UNITED STATES PERSONS AND PERSONS IN-SIDE THE UNITED STATES. 
Section 702(b) of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1881a(b)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (5) as subparagraphs (A) through (E), respec-tively, and indenting such subparagraphs, as so redesignated, an additional two ems from the left margin; (2) by striking ‘‘An acquisition’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—An acquisition’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) C
LARIFICATION ON PROHIBITION ON  
QUERYING OF COLLECTIONS OF COMMUNICATIONS  
OF UNITED STATES PERSONS AND PERSONS IN -
SIDE THE UNITED STATES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraphs (B) and (C), no officer or em-ployee of the United States may conduct a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA6.019 S16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S207 January 16, 2018 
query of information acquired under this sec-tion in an effort to find communications of or about a particular United States person or a person inside the United States. ‘‘(B) C
ONCURRENT AUTHORIZATION AND EX -
CEPTION FOR EMERGENCY SITUATIONS .—Sub- paragraph (A) shall not apply to a query for communications related to a particular United States person or person inside the United States if— ‘‘(i) such United States person or person inside the United States is the subject of an order or emergency authorization author-izing electronic surveillance or physical search under section 105, 304, 703, 704, or 705 of this Act, or under title 18, United States Code, for the effective period of that order; ‘‘(ii) the entity carrying out the query has a reasonable belief that the life or safety of such United States person or person inside the United States is threatened and the in-formation is sought for the purpose of assist-ing that person; ‘‘(iii) such United States person or person in the United States is a corporation; or ‘‘(iv) such United States person or person inside the United States has consented to the query. ‘‘(C) Q
UERIES OF FEDERATED DATA SETS AND  
MIXED DATA .—If an officer or employee of the United States conducts a query of a data set, or of federated data sets, that includes any information acquired under this section, the system shall be configured not to return such information unless the officer or em-ployee enters a code or other information in-dicating that— ‘‘(i) the person associated with the search term is not a United States person or person inside the United States; or ‘‘(ii) if the person associated with the search term is a United States person or per-son inside the United States, one or more of the conditions of subparagraph (B) are satis-fied. ‘‘(D) M
ATTERS RELATING TO EMERGENCY  
QUERIES .— ‘‘(i) T
REATMENT OF DENIALS .—In the event that a query for communications related to a particular United States person or a person inside the United States is conducted pursu-ant to an emergency authorization author-izing electronic surveillance or a physical search described in subsection (B)(i) and the application for such emergency authoriza-tion is denied, or in any other case in which the query has been conducted and no order is issued approving the query— ‘‘(I) no information obtained or evidence derived from such query may be received in evidence or otherwise disclosed in any trial, hearing, or other proceeding in or before any court, grand jury, department, office, agen-cy, regulatory body, legislative committee, or other authority of the United States, a State, or political subdivision thereof; and ‘‘(II) no information concerning any United States person acquired from such query may subsequently be used or disclosed in any other manner by Federal officers or employ-ees without the consent of such person, ex-cept with the approval of the Attorney Gen-eral if the information indicates a threat of death or serious bodily harm to any person. ‘‘(ii) A
SSESSMENT OF COMPLIANCE .—The At- torney General shall assess compliance with the requirements under clause (i).’’. 
SEC. 3. PROHIBITION ON REVERSE TARGETING UNDER CERTAIN AUTHORITIES OF THE FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE SUR-VEILLANCE ACT OF 1978. 
Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Sur-veillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1881a), as amended by section 2, is further amended— (1) in subsection (b)(1)(B), as redesignated by section 2, by striking ‘‘the purpose of such acquisition is to target’’ and inserting ‘‘a significant purpose of such acquisition is to acquire the communications of’’; (2) in subsection (d)(1)(A)— (A) by striking ‘‘ensure that’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘ensure— ‘‘(i) that’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) that an application is filed under title I, if otherwise required, when a significant purpose of an acquisition authorized under subsection (a) is to acquire the communica-tions of a particular, known person reason-ably believed to be located in the United States; and’’; (3) in subsection (g)(2)(A)(i)(I)— (A) by striking ‘‘ensure that’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘ensure— ‘‘(aa) that’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(bb) that an application is filed under title I, if otherwise required, when a signifi-cant purpose of an acquisition authorized under subsection (a) is to acquire the com-munications of a particular, known person reasonably believed to be located in the United States; and’’; and (4) in subsection (i)(2)(B)(i)— (A) by striking ‘‘ensure that’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘ensure— ‘‘(I) that’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(II) that an application is filed under title I, if otherwise required, when a significant purpose of an acquisition authorized under subsection (a) is to acquire the communica-tions of a particular, known person reason-ably believed to be located in the United States; and’’. SEC. 4. PROHIBITION ON ACQUISITION, PURSU-ANT TO CERTAIN FISA AUTHORITIES TO TARGET CERTAIN PERSONS OUT-SIDE THE UNITED STATES, OF COM-MUNICATIONS THAT DO NOT IN-CLUDE PERSONS TARGETED UNDER SUCH AUTHORITIES. 
Section 702(b)(1) of the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978, as redesig-nated by section 2, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (D), as redesignated by section 2, by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) by redesignating subparagraph (E) as subparagraph (G); and (3) by inserting after subparagraph (D) the following: ‘‘(E) may not acquire a communication as to which no participant is a person who is targeted pursuant to the authorized acquisi-tion;’’. 
SEC. 5. PROHIBITION ON ACQUISITION OF EN-TIRELY DOMESTIC COMMUNICA-TIONS UNDER AUTHORITIES TO TAR-GET CERTAIN PERSONS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES. 
Section 702(b)(1) of the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978, as redesig-nated by section 2 and amended by section 4, is further amended by inserting after sub-paragraph (E), as added by section 4, the fol-lowing: ‘‘(F) may not acquire communications known to be entirely domestic; and’’. 
SEC. 6. LIMITATION ON USE OF INFORMATION OBTAINED UNDER CERTAIN AU-THORITY OF FOREIGN INTEL-LIGENCE SURVEILLANCE ACT OF 1978 RELATING TO UNITED STATES PERSONS. 
Section 706(a) of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1881e(a)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Information acquired’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Information acquired’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION ON USE IN CRIMINAL , CIVIL , 
AND ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEEDINGS AND INVES -
TIGATIONS .—No communication to or from, or information about, a person acquired under section 702 who is either a United States person or is located in the United States may be introduced as evidence against the person in any criminal, civil, or administrative proceeding or used as part of any criminal, civil, or administrative inves-tigation, except— ‘‘(A) with the prior approval of the Attor-ney General; and ‘‘(B) in a proceeding or investigation in which the information is directly related to and necessary to address a specific threat of— ‘‘(i) terrorism (as defined in clauses (i) through (iii) of section 2332(g)(5)(B) of title 18, United States Code); ‘‘(ii) espionage (as used in chapter 37 of title 18, United States Code); ‘‘(iii) proliferation or use of a weapon of mass destruction (as defined in section 2332a(c) of title 18, United States Code); ‘‘(iv) a cybersecurity threat from a foreign country; ‘‘(v) incapacitation or destruction of crit-ical infrastructure (as defined in section 1016(e) of the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Re-quired to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (USA PATRIOT ACT) Act of 2001 (42 U.S.C. 5195c(e))); or ‘‘(vi) a threat to the armed forces of the United States or an ally of the United States or to other personnel of the United States Government or a government of an ally of the United States.’’. SEC. 7. REFORMS OF THE PRIVACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES OVERSIGHT BOARD. 
(a) I NCLUSION OF FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE AC-
TIVITIES IN OVERSIGHT AUTHORITY OF THE PRI-
VACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES OVERSIGHT  B
OARD .—Section 1061 of the Intelligence Re-form and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee) is amended— (1) in subsection (c), by inserting ‘‘and to conduct foreign intelligence activities’’ after ‘‘terrorism’’ each place such term appears; and (2) in subsection (d), ‘‘and to conduct for-eign intelligence activities’’ after ‘‘ter-rorism’’ each place such term appears. (b) S
UBMISSION OF WHISTLEBLOWER COM-
PLAINTS TO THE PRIVACY AND CIVILLIBERTIES  O
VERSIGHT BOARD .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1061 of the Intel-ligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee), as amended by subsection (a), is further amended— (A) in subsection (d), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) W
HISTLEBLOWER COMPLAINTS .— ‘‘(A) S
UBMISSION TO BOARD .—An employee of, or contractor or detailee to, an element of the intelligence community may submit to the Board a complaint or information that such employee, contractor, or detailee believes relates to a privacy or civil liberties concern. The confidentiality provisions under section 2409(b)(3) of title 10, United States Code, shall apply to a submission under this subparagraph. Any disclosure under this subparagraph shall be protected against discrimination under the procedures, burdens of proof, and remedies set forth in section 2409 of such title. ‘‘(B) A
UTHORITY OF BOARD .—The Board may take such action as the Board considers ap-propriate with respect to investigating a complaint or information submitted under subparagraph (A) or transmitting such com-plaint or information to any other Executive agency or the congressional intelligence committees. ‘‘(C) R
ELATIONSHIP TO EXISTING LAWS .—The authority under subparagraph (A) of an em-ployee, contractor, or detailee to submit to the Board a complaint or information shall be in addition to any other authority under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA6.018 S16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES208 January 16, 2018 
another provision of law to submit a com-plaint or information. Any action taken under any other provision of law by the re-cipient of a complaint or information shall not preclude the Board from taking action relating to the same complaint or informa-tion. ‘‘(D) R
ELATIONSHIP TO ACTIONS TAKEN  
UNDER OTHER LAWS .—Nothing in this para-graph shall prevent— ‘‘(i) any individual from submitting a com-plaint or information to any authorized re-cipient of the complaint or information; or ‘‘(ii) the recipient of a complaint or infor-mation from taking independent action on the complaint or information.’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(n) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘congressional intelligence commit-tees’ and ‘intelligence community’ have the meanings given such terms in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003).’’. (2) P
ROHIBITED PERSONNEL PRACTICES .—Sec- tion 2302(b)(8)(B) of title 5, United States Code, is amended, in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘or to the Inspector of an agency or another employee designated by the head of the agency to receive such disclosures’’ and inserting ‘‘the Inspector General of an agency, a supervisor in the em-ployee’s direct chain of command (up to and including the head of the employing agency), the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, or an employee designated by any of the aforementioned individuals for the pur-pose of receiving such disclosures’’. (c) P
RIVACY AND CIVILLIBERTIES OVERSIGHT  B
OARD SUBPOENA POWER .—Section 1061(g) of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Pre-vention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee(g)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(D), by striking ‘‘submit a written request to the Attorney General of the United States that the Attorney Gen-eral’’; (2) by striking paragraph (2); and (3) by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (4) as paragraphs (2) and (3), respectively. (d) A
PPOINTMENT OF STAFF OF THE PRIVACY  
ANDCIVILLIBERTIES OVERSIGHT BOARD .—Sec- tion 1061(j) of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee(j)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) A
PPOINTMENT IN ABSENCE OF CHAIR -
MAN.—If the position of chairman of the Board is vacant, during the period of the va-cancy the Board, at the direction of the ma-jority of the members of the Board, may ex-ercise the authority of the chairman under paragraph (1).’’. (e) T
ENURE AND COMPENSATION OF PRIVACY  
ANDCIVILLIBERTIES OVERSIGHT BOARD MEM-
BERS AND STAFF .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1061 of the Intel-ligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee), as amended by subsections (a) and (b), is further amended— (A) in subsection (h)— (i) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘full- time’’ after ‘‘4 additional’’; and (ii) in paragraph (4)(B), by striking ‘‘, ex-cept that’’ and all that follows through the end and inserting a period; (B) in subsection (i)(1)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘level III of the Executive Schedule under section 5314’’ and inserting ‘‘level II of the Executive Schedule under section 5313’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘level IV of the Executive Schedule’’ and all that follows through the end and inserting ‘‘level III of the Executive Schedule under section 5314 of title 5, United States Code.’’; and (C) in subsection (j)(1), by striking ‘‘level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316’’ and inserting ‘‘level IV of the Execu-tive Schedule under section 5315’’. (2) EFFECTIVE DATE ; APPLICABILITY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by paragraph (1)— (i) shall take effect on the date of the en-actment of this Act; and (ii) except as provided in paragraph (2), shall apply to any appointment to a position as a member of the Privacy and Civil Lib-erties Oversight Board made on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. (B) E
XCEPTIONS .— (i) C
OMPENSATION CHANGES .—The amend-ments made by subparagraphs (B)(i) and (C) of paragraph (1) shall take effect on the first day of the first pay period beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. (ii) E
LECTION TO SERVE FULL TIME BY INCUM -
BENTS .— (I) I
N GENERAL .—An individual serving as a member of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board on the date of the enact-ment of this Act, including a member con-tinuing to serve as a member under section 1061(h)(4)(B) of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee(h)(4)(B)), (referred to in this clause as a ‘‘current member’’) may make an election to— (aa) serve as a member of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board on a full- time basis and in accordance with section 1061 of the Intelligence Reform and Ter-rorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee), as amended by this section; or (bb) serve as a member of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board on a part- time basis in accordance with such section 1061, as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act, including the limitation on service after the expiration of the term of the member under subsection (h)(4)(B) of such section, as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act. (II) E
LECTION TO SERVE FULL TIME .—A cur- rent member making an election under sub-clause (I)(aa) shall begin serving as a mem-ber of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Over-sight Board on a full-time basis on the first day of the first pay period beginning not less than 60 days after the date on which the cur-rent member makes such election. (f) P
ROVISION OF INFORMATION ABOUT GOV-
ERNMENT ACTIVITIES UNDER THE FOREIGN IN-
TELLIGENCE SURVEILLANCE ACT OF 1978 TO THE  P
RIVACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES OVERSIGHT  B
OARD .—The Attorney General shall fully in-form the Privacy and Civil Liberties Over-sight Board about any activities carried out by the Government under the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.), including by providing to the Board— (1) copies of each detailed report submitted to a committee of Congress under such Act; and (2) copies of each decision, order, and opin-ion of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court or the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Court of Review required to be in-cluded in the report under section 601(a) of such Act (50 U.S.C. 1871(a)). 
SEC. 8. IMPROVED ROLE IN OVERSIGHT OF ELEC-TRONIC SURVEILLANCE BY AMICI CURIAE APPOINTED BY COURTS UNDER FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE SURVEILLANCE ACT OF 1978. 
(a) R OLE OF AMICICURIAE GENERALLY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 103(i)(1) of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1803(i)(1)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Any amicus curiae designated pursuant to this paragraph may raise any issue with the Court at any time.’’. (2) REFERRAL OF CASES FOR REVIEW .—Sec- tion 103(i) of such Act is amended— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (5) through (10) as paragraphs (6) through (11), respectively; and (B) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(5) R
EFERRAL FOR REVIEW .— ‘‘(A) R
EFERRAL TO FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE  
SURVEILLANCE COURT EN BANC .—If the court established under subsection (a) appoints an amicus curiae under paragraph (2)(A) to as-sist the Court in the consideration of any matter presented to the Court under this Act and the Court makes a decision with respect to such matter, the Court, in response to an application by the amicus curiae or any other individual designated under paragraph (1), may refer the decision to the Court en banc for review as the Court considers appro-priate. ‘‘(B) R
EFERRAL TO FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE  
SURVEILLANCE COURT OF REVIEW .—If the court established under subsection (a) appoints an amicus curiae under paragraph (2)(A) to as-sist the Court in the consideration of any matter presented to the Court under this Act and the Court makes a decision with respect to such matter, the Court, in response to an application by the amicus curiae or any other individual designated under paragraph (1) may refer the decision to the court estab-lished under subsection (b) for review as the Court considers appropriate. ‘‘(C) R
EFERRAL TO SUPREME COURT .—If the Court of Review appoints an amicus curiae under paragraph (2) to assist the Court of Re-view in the review of any matter presented to the Court of Review under this Act or a question of law that may affect resolution of a matter in controversy and the Court of Re-view makes a decision with respect to such matter or question of law, the Court of Re-view, in response to an application by the amicus curiae or any other individual des-ignated under paragraph (1) may refer the decision to the Supreme Court for review as the Court of Review considers appropriate. ‘‘(D) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than 60 days after the end of each calendar year, the Court and the Court of Review shall each publish, on their respective Internet websites, a report listing— ‘‘(i) the number of applications for referral received by the Court or the Court of Re-view, as applicable, during the most recently concluded calendar year; and ‘‘(ii) the number of such applications for referral that were granted by the Court or the Court of Review, as applicable, during such calendar year.’’. (3) A
SSISTANCE .—Section 103(i)(6) of such Act, as redesignated, is further amended to read as follows: ‘‘(6) A
SSISTANCE .—Any individual des-ignated pursuant to paragraph (1) may raise a legal or technical issue or any other issue with the Court or the Court of Review at any time. If an amicus curiae is appointed under paragraph (2)(A)— ‘‘(A) the court shall notify all other amicus curiae designated under paragraph (1) of such appointment; ‘‘(B) the appointed amicus curiae may re-quest, either directly or through the court, the assistance of the other amici curiae des-ignated under paragraph (1); and ‘‘(C) all amici curiae designated under paragraph (1) may provide input to the court whether or not such input was formally re-quested by the court or the appointed amicus curiae.’’. (4) A
CCESS TO INFORMATION .—Section 103(i)(7) of such Act, as redesignated, is fur-ther amended— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) in clause (i)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA6.018 S16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S209 January 16, 2018 
(I) by striking ‘‘that the court’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘that— ‘‘(I) the court’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end and in-serting the following: ‘‘or ‘‘(II) are cited by the Government in an ap-plication or case with respect to which an amicus curiae is assisting a court under this subsection;’’; (ii) by redesignating clause (ii) as clause (iii); and (iii) by inserting after clause (i) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(ii) shall have access to an unredacted copy of each decision made by a court estab-lished under subsection (a) or (b) in which the court decides a question of law, notwith-standing whether the decision is classified; and’’; (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’; and (C) in subparagraph (C)— (i) in the subparagraph heading, by strik-ing ‘‘C
LASSIFIED INFORMATION ’’ and inserting ‘‘A
CCESS TO INFORMATION ’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘court may have access’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘court— ‘‘(i) shall have access to unredacted copies of each opinion, order, transcript, pleading, or other document of the Court and the Court of Review; and ‘‘(ii) may have access’’. (5) P
UBLIC NOTICE AND RECEIPT OF BRIEFS  
FROM THIRD PARTIES .—Section 103(i) of such Act, as amended by this subsection, is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(12) P
UBLIC NOTICE AND RECEIPT OF BRIEFS  
FROM THIRD PARTIES .—Whenever a court es-tablished under subsection (a) or (b) con-siders a novel a question of law that can be considered without disclosing classified in-formation, sources, or methods, the court shall, to the greatest extent practicable, con-sider such question in an open manner— ‘‘(A) by publishing on its Internet website each question of law that the court is consid-ering; and ‘‘(B) by accepting briefs from third parties relating to the question under consideration by the court.’’. (b) P
ARTICIPATION OF AMICI CURIAE IN  O
VERSIGHT OF AUTHORIZATIONS FOR TAR-
GETING OF CERTAIN PERSONS OUTSIDE THE  U
NITED STATES OTHER THAN UNITED STATES  P
ERSONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 702(i)(2) of such Act (50 U.S.C. 1881a(i)(2)) is amended— (A) in subparagraph (B), by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as subclauses (I) and (II), respectively, and adjusting the indentation of the margin of such subclauses, as so redes-ignated, two ems to the right; (B) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) through (C) as clauses (i) through (iii), re-spectively, and adjusting the indentation of the margin of such clauses, as so redesig-nated, two ems to the right; (C) by inserting before clause (i), as redes-ignated by subparagraph (B), the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) P
ARTICIPATION BY AMICI CURIAE .—In reviewing a certification under subparagraph (A)(i), the Court shall randomly select an amicus curiae designated under section 103(i) to assist with such review.’’. (2) S
CHEDULE .—Section 702(i)(5)(A) of such Act is amended by striking ‘‘at least 30 days prior to the expiration of such authoriza-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘such number of days be-fore the expiration of such authorization as the Court considers necessary to comply with the requirements of paragraph (2)(B) or 30 days, whichever is greater’’. (c) P
UBLIC NOTICE OF QUESTIONS OF LAW C
ERTIFIED FOR REVIEW .—Section 103(j) of such Act (50 U.S.C. 1803(j)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Following’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Following’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) P
UBLIC NOTICE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), whenever a court estab-lished under subsection (a) certifies a ques-tion of law for review under paragraph (1) of this subsection, the court shall publish on its Internet website— 
SA 1897. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. P
AUL) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 139, to implement the use of Rapid DNA instruments to inform deci-sions about pretrial release or deten-tion and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 42, after line 21, add the following: 
SEC. 113. PROHIBITION ON ACQUISITION OF EN-TIRELY DOMESTIC COMMUNICA-TIONS UNDER AUTHORITIES TO TAR-GET CERTAIN PERSONS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES. 
Section 702(b) of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 19881a(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-graph (6); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(5) may not acquire communications known to be entirely domestic; and’’. 
SA 1898. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. P
AUL) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 139, to implement the use of Rapid DNA instruments to inform deci-sions about pretrial release or deten-tion and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 29, strike lines 14 through 24 and insert the following: 
SEC. 106. IMPROVED ROLE IN OVERSIGHT OF ELECTRONIC SURVEILLANCE BY AMICI CURIAE APPOINTED BY COURTS UNDER FOREIGN INTEL-LIGENCE SURVEILLANCE ACT OF 1978. 
(a) R OLE OF AMICICURIAE GENERALLY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 103(i)(1) of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1803(i)(1)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Any amicus curiae designated pursuant to this paragraph may raise any issue with the Court at any time.’’. (2) R
EFERRAL OF CASES FOR REVIEW .—Sec- tion 103(i) of such Act is amended— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (5) through (10) as paragraphs (6) through (11), respectively; and (B) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(5) R
EFERRAL FOR REVIEW .— ‘‘(A) R
EFERRAL TO FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE  
SURVEILLANCE COURT EN BANC .—If the court established under subsection (a) appoints an amicus curiae under paragraph (2)(A) to as-sist the Court in the consideration of any matter presented to the Court under this Act and the Court makes a decision with respect to such matter, the Court, in response to an application by the amicus curiae or any other individual designated under paragraph (1), may refer the decision to the Court en banc for review as the Court considers appro-priate. ‘‘(B) REFERRAL TO FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE  
SURVEILLANCE COURT OF REVIEW .—If the court established under subsection (a) appoints an amicus curiae under paragraph (2)(A) to as-sist the Court in the consideration of any matter presented to the Court under this Act and the Court makes a decision with respect to such matter, the Court, in response to an application by the amicus curiae or any other individual designated under paragraph (1) may refer the decision to the court estab-lished under subsection (b) for review as the Court considers appropriate. ‘‘(C) R
EFERRAL TO SUPREME COURT .—If the Court of Review appoints an amicus curiae under paragraph (2) to assist the Court of Re-view in the review of any matter presented to the Court of Review under this Act or a question of law that may affect resolution of a matter in controversy and the Court of Re-view makes a decision with respect to such matter or question of law, the Court of Re-view, in response to an application by the amicus curiae or any other individual des-ignated under paragraph (1) may refer the decision to the Supreme Court for review as the Court of Review considers appropriate. ‘‘(D) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than 60 days after the end of each calendar year, the Court and the Court of Review shall each publish, on their respective Internet websites, a report listing— ‘‘(i) the number of applications for referral received by the Court or the Court of Re-view, as applicable, during the most recently concluded calendar year; and ‘‘(ii) the number of such applications for referral that were granted by the Court or the Court of Review, as applicable, during such calendar year.’’. (3) A
SSISTANCE .—Section 103(i)(6) of such Act, as redesignated, is further amended to read as follows: ‘‘(6) A
SSISTANCE .—Any individual des-ignated pursuant to paragraph (1) may raise a legal or technical issue or any other issue with the Court or the Court of Review at any time. If an amicus curiae is appointed under paragraph (2)(A)— ‘‘(A) the court shall notify all other amicus curiae designated under paragraph (1) of such appointment; ‘‘(B) the appointed amicus curiae may re-quest, either directly or through the court, the assistance of the other amici curiae des-ignated under paragraph (1); and ‘‘(C) all amici curiae designated under paragraph (1) may provide input to the court whether or not such input was formally re-quested by the court or the appointed amicus curiae.’’. (4) A
CCESS TO INFORMATION .—Section 103(i)(7) of such Act, as redesignated, is fur-ther amended— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) in clause (i)— (I) by striking ‘‘that the court’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘that— ‘‘(I) the court’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end and in-serting the following: ‘‘or ‘‘(II) are cited by the Government in an ap-plication or case with respect to which an amicus curiae is assisting a court under this subsection;’’; (ii) by redesignating clause (ii) as clause (iii); and (iii) by inserting after clause (i) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(ii) shall have access to an unredacted copy of each decision made by a court estab-lished under subsection (a) or (b) in which 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA6.018 S16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES210 January 16, 2018 
the court decides a question of law, notwith-standing whether the decision is classified; and’’; (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’; and (C) in subparagraph (C)— (i) in the subparagraph heading, by strik-ing ‘‘C
LASSIFIED INFORMATION ’’ and inserting ‘‘A
CCESS TO INFORMATION ’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘court may have access’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘court— ‘‘(i) shall have access to unredacted copies of each opinion, order, transcript, pleading, or other document of the Court and the Court of Review; and ‘‘(ii) may have access’’. (5) P
UBLIC NOTICE AND RECEIPT OF BRIEFS  
FROM THIRD PARTIES .—Section 103(i) of such Act, as amended by this subsection, is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(12) P
UBLIC NOTICE AND RECEIPT OF BRIEFS  
FROM THIRD PARTIES .—Whenever a court es-tablished under subsection (a) or (b) con-siders a novel a question of law that can be considered without disclosing classified in-formation, sources, or methods, the court shall, to the greatest extent practicable, con-sider such question in an open manner— ‘‘(A) by publishing on its Internet website each question of law that the court is consid-ering; and ‘‘(B) by accepting briefs from third parties relating to the question under consideration by the court.’’. (6) C
OMPENSATION OF AMICI CURIAE AND  
TECHNICAL EXPERTS .—Such section, as so amended, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(13) C
OMPENSATION .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, a court established under subsection (a) or (b) may compensate an amicus curiae appointed under paragraph (2) for assistance provided under such para-graph as the court considers appropriate and at such rate as the court considers appro-priate.’’. (b) P
ARTICIPATION OF AMICI CURIAE IN  O
VERSIGHT OF AUTHORIZATIONS FOR TAR-
GETING OF CERTAIN PERSONS OUTSIDE THE  U
NITED STATES OTHER THAN UNITED STATES  P
ERSONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 702(i)(2) of such Act (50 U.S.C. 1881a(i)(2)) is amended— (A) in subparagraph (B), by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as subclauses (I) and (II), respectively, and adjusting the indentation of the margin of such subclauses, as so redes-ignated, two ems to the right; (B) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) through (C) as clauses (i) through (iii), re-spectively, and adjusting the indentation of the margin of such clauses, as so redesig-nated, two ems to the right; (C) by inserting before clause (i), as redes-ignated by subparagraph (B), the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) P
ARTICIPATION BY AMICI CURIAE .—In reviewing a certification under subparagraph (A)(i), the Court shall randomly select an amicus curiae designated under section 103(i) to assist with such review.’’. (2) S
CHEDULE .—Section 702(i)(5)(A) of such Act is amended by striking ‘‘at least 30 days prior to the expiration of such authoriza-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘such number of days be-fore the expiration of such authorization as the Court considers necessary to comply with the requirements of paragraph (2)(B) or 30 days, whichever is greater’’. (c) P
UBLIC NOTICE OF QUESTIONS OF LAW C
ERTIFIED FOR REVIEW .—Section 103(j) of such Act (50 U.S.C. 1803(j)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Following’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Following’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) PUBLIC NOTICE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), whenever a court estab-lished under subsection (a) certifies a ques-tion of law for review under paragraph (1) of this subsection, the court shall publish on its Internet website— ‘‘(i) a notice of the question of law to be re-viewed; and ‘‘(ii) briefs submitted by the parties, which may be redacted at the discretion of the court to protect sources, methods, and other classified information. ‘‘(B) P
ROTECTION OF CLASSIFIED INFORMA -
TION, SOURCES , AND METHODS .—Subparagraph (A) shall apply to the greatest extent prac-ticable, consistent with otherwise applicable law on the protection of classified informa-tion, sources, and methods.’’. 
SA 1899. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. P
AUL) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 139, to implement the use of Rapid DNA instruments to inform deci-sions about pretrial release or deten-tion and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 32, strike line 16 and all that follows through page 33, line 21, and in-sert the following: 
SEC. 7. REFORMS OF THE PRIVACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES OVERSIGHT BOARD. 
(a) I NCLUSION OF FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE AC-
TIVITIES IN OVERSIGHT AUTHORITY OF THE PRI-
VACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES OVERSIGHT  B
OARD .—Section 1061 of the Intelligence Re-form and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee) is amended— (1) in subsection (c), by inserting ‘‘and to conduct foreign intelligence activities’’ after ‘‘terrorism’’ each place such term appears; and (2) in subsection (d), ‘‘and to conduct for-eign intelligence activities’’ after ‘‘ter-rorism’’ each place such term appears. (b) S
UBMISSION OF WHISTLEBLOWER COM-
PLAINTS TO THE PRIVACY AND CIVILLIBERTIES  O
VERSIGHT BOARD .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1061 of the Intel-ligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee), as amended by subsection (a), is further amended— (A) in subsection (d), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) W
HISTLEBLOWER COMPLAINTS .— ‘‘(A) S
UBMISSION TO BOARD .—An employee of, or contractor or detailee to, an element of the intelligence community may submit to the Board a complaint or information that such employee, contractor, or detailee believes relates to a privacy or civil liberties concern. The confidentiality provisions under section 2409(b)(3) of title 10, United States Code, shall apply to a submission under this subparagraph. Any disclosure under this subparagraph shall be protected against discrimination under the procedures, burdens of proof, and remedies set forth in section 2409 of such title. ‘‘(B) A
UTHORITY OF BOARD .—The Board may take such action as the Board considers ap-propriate with respect to investigating a complaint or information submitted under subparagraph (A) or transmitting such com-plaint or information to any other Executive agency or the congressional intelligence committees. ‘‘(C) R
ELATIONSHIP TO EXISTING LAWS .—The authority under subparagraph (A) of an em-ployee, contractor, or detailee to submit to the Board a complaint or information shall be in addition to any other authority under another provision of law to submit a com-plaint or information. Any action taken under any other provision of law by the re-cipient of a complaint or information shall not preclude the Board from taking action relating to the same complaint or informa-tion. ‘‘(D) RELATIONSHIP TO ACTIONS TAKEN  
UNDER OTHER LAWS .—Nothing in this para-graph shall prevent— ‘‘(i) any individual from submitting a com-plaint or information to any authorized re-cipient of the complaint or information; or ‘‘(ii) the recipient of a complaint or infor-mation from taking independent action on the complaint or information.’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(n) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘congressional intelligence commit-tees’ and ‘intelligence community’ have the meanings given such terms in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003).’’. (2) P
ROHIBITED PERSONNEL PRACTICES .—Sec- tion 2302(b)(8)(B) of title 5, United States Code, is amended, in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘or to the Inspector of an agency or another employee designated by the head of the agency to receive such disclosures’’ and inserting ‘‘the Inspector General of an agency, a supervisor in the em-ployee’s direct chain of command (up to and including the head of the employing agency), the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, or an employee designated by any of the aforementioned individuals for the pur-pose of receiving such disclosures’’. (c) P
RIVACY AND CIVILLIBERTIES OVERSIGHT  B
OARD SUBPOENA POWER .—Section 1061(g) of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Pre-vention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee(g)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(D), by striking ‘‘submit a written request to the Attorney General of the United States that the Attorney Gen-eral’’; (2) by striking paragraph (2); and (3) by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (4) as paragraphs (2) and (3), respectively. (d) A
PPOINTMENT OF STAFF OF THE PRIVACY  
ANDCIVILLIBERTIES OVERSIGHT BOARD .—Sec- tion 1061(j) of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee(j)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) A
PPOINTMENT IN ABSENCE OF CHAIR -
MAN.—If the position of chairman of the Board is vacant, during the period of the va-cancy the Board, at the direction of the ma-jority of the members of the Board, may ex-ercise the authority of the chairman under paragraph (1).’’. (e) T
ENURE AND COMPENSATION OF PRIVACY  
ANDCIVILLIBERTIES OVERSIGHT BOARD MEM-
BERS AND STAFF .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1061 of the Intel-ligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee), as amended by subsections (a) and (b), is further amended— (A) in subsection (h)— (i) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘full- time’’ after ‘‘4 additional’’; and (ii) in paragraph (4)(B), by striking ‘‘, ex-cept that’’ and all that follows through the end and inserting a period; (B) in subsection (i)(1)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘level III of the Executive Schedule under section 5314’’ and inserting ‘‘level II of the Executive Schedule under section 5313’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘level IV of the Executive Schedule’’ and all that follows through the end and inserting ‘‘level 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA6.020 S16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S211 January 16, 2018 
III of the Executive Schedule under section 5314 of title 5, United States Code.’’; and (C) in subsection (j)(1), by striking ‘‘level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316’’ and inserting ‘‘level IV of the Execu-tive Schedule under section 5315’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE ; APPLICABILITY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by paragraph (1)— (i) shall take effect on the date of the en-actment of this Act; and (ii) except as provided in paragraph (2), shall apply to any appointment to a position as a member of the Privacy and Civil Lib-erties Oversight Board made on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. (B) E
XCEPTIONS .— (i) C
OMPENSATION CHANGES .—The amend-ments made by subparagraphs (B)(i) and (C) of paragraph (1) shall take effect on the first day of the first pay period beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. (ii) E
LECTION TO SERVE FULL TIME BY INCUM -
BENTS .— (I) I
N GENERAL .—An individual serving as a member of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board on the date of the enact-ment of this Act, including a member con-tinuing to serve as a member under section 1061(h)(4)(B) of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee(h)(4)(B)), (referred to in this clause as a ‘‘current member’’) may make an election to— (aa) serve as a member of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board on a full- time basis and in accordance with section 1061 of the Intelligence Reform and Ter-rorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee), as amended by this section; or (bb) serve as a member of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board on a part- time basis in accordance with such section 1061, as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act, including the limitation on service after the expiration of the term of the member under subsection (h)(4)(B) of such section, as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act. (II) E
LECTION TO SERVE FULL TIME .—A cur- rent member making an election under sub-clause (I)(aa) shall begin serving as a mem-ber of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Over-sight Board on a full-time basis on the first day of the first pay period beginning not less than 60 days after the date on which the cur-rent member makes such election. (f) M
EETINGS .—Subsection (f) of such sec-tion is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Board shall’’ and in-serting ‘‘The Board’’; (2) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘make its’’ and inserting ‘‘shall make its’’; and (3) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘hold public’’ and inserting ‘‘shall hold public’’; and (B) by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, but may, notwith-standing section 552b of title 5, United States Code, meet or otherwise communicate in any number to confer or deliberate in a manner that is closed to the public’’. (g) P
ROVISION OF INFORMATION ABOUT GOV-
ERNMENT ACTIVITIES UNDER THE FOREIGN IN-
TELLIGENCE SURVEILLANCE ACT OF 1978 TO THE  P
RIVACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES OVERSIGHT  B
OARD .—The Attorney General shall fully in-form the Privacy and Civil Liberties Over-sight Board about any activities carried out by the Government under the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.), including by providing to the Board— (1) copies of each detailed report submitted to a committee of Congress under such Act; and (2) copies of each decision, order, and opin-ion of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court or the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Court of Review required to be in-cluded in the report under section 601(a) of such Act (50 U.S.C. 1871(a)). SA 1900. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. P
AUL) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 139, to implement the use of Rapid DNA instruments to inform deci-sions about pretrial release or deten-tion and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 41, after line 24, add the following: 
SEC. 206. REPEAL OF NONAPPLICABILITY TO FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGA-TION OF CERTAIN REPORTING RE-QUIREMENTS UNDER FOREIGN IN-TELLIGENCE SURVEILLANCE ACT OF 1978. 
Section 603(d)(2) of the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1873(d)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘(A) F
ED-
ERAL BUREAU ’’ and all that follows through ‘‘Paragraph (3)(B) of’’ and inserting ‘‘Para-graph (3)(B)’’. 
SA 1901. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. P
AUL) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 139, to implement the use of Rapid DNA instruments to inform deci-sions about pretrial release or deten-tion and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 42, after line 21, add the following: 
SEC. 113. LIMITATION ON TECHNICAL ASSIST-ANCE FROM ELECTRONIC COMMU-NICATION SERVICE PROVIDERS UNDER THE FOREIGN INTEL-LIGENCE SURVEILLANCE ACT OF 1978. 
Section 702(i)(1) of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1881a(i)(1)), as redesignated by section 101(a)(1)(A), is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and moving such clauses 2 ems to the right; (2) by striking ‘‘With respect to’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), in carrying out’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) L
IMITATIONS .—The Attorney General or the Director of National Intelligence may not request assistance from an electronic communication service provider under sub-paragraph (A) without demonstrating, to the satisfaction of the Court, that the assistance sought— ‘‘(i) is necessary; ‘‘(ii) is narrowly tailored to the surveil-lance at issue; and ‘‘(iii) would not pose an undue burden on the electronic communication service pro-vider or its customers who are not an in-tended target of the surveillance. ‘‘(C) C
OMPLIANCE .—An electronic commu-nication service provider is not obligated to comply with a directive to provide assist-ance under this paragraph unless— ‘‘(i) such assistance is a manner or method that has been explicitly approved by the Court; and ‘‘(ii) the Court issues an order, which has been delivered to the provider, explicitly de-scribing the assistance to be furnished by the provider that has been approved by the Court.’’. SA 1902. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. P
AUL) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 139, to implement the use of Rapid DNA instruments to inform deci-sions about pretrial release or deten-tion and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 39, strike lines 6 through 22 and in-sert the following: 
SEC. 111. CLARIFICATION REGARDING TREAT-MENT OF INFORMATION ACQUIRED UNDER FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE SURVEILLANCE ACT OF 1978. 
(a) D ERIVED DEFINED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 101 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(q) For the purposes of notification provi-sions of this Act, information or evidence is ‘derived’ from an electronic surveillance, physical search, use of a pen register or trap and trace device, production of tangible things, or acquisition under this Act when the Government would not have originally possessed the information or evidence but for that electronic surveillance, physical search, use of a pen register or trap and trace device, production of tangible things, or acquisition, and regardless of any claim that the infor-mation or evidence is attenuated from the surveillance or search, would inevitably have been discovered, or was subsequently re-obtained through other means.’’. (2) P
OLICIES AND GUIDANCE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Attorney General and the Director of Na-tional Intelligence shall publish the fol-lowing: (i) Policies concerning the application of subsection (q) of section 101 of such Act, as added by paragraph (1). (ii) Guidance for all members of the intel-ligence community (as defined in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003)) and all Federal agencies with law en-forcement responsibilities concerning the ap-plication of such subsection. (B) M
ODIFICATIONS .—Whenever the Attor-ney General and the Director modify a policy or guidance published under subparagraph (A), the Attorney General and the Director shall publish such modifications. (b) U
SE OF INFORMATION ACQUIRED UNDER  T
ITLE VII.—Section 706 of such Act (50 U.S.C. 1881e) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘, except for the purposes of subsection (j) of such sec-tion’’; and (2) by amending subsection (b) to read as follows: ‘‘(b) I
NFORMATION ACQUIRED UNDER SEC-
TIONS 703–705.—Information acquired from an acquisition conducted under section 703, 704, or 705 shall be deemed to be information ac-quired from an electronic surveillance pursu-ant to title I for the purposes of section 106.’’. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I have 2 requests for committees to meet during 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA6.020 S16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES212 January 16, 2018 
today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
The Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, January 16, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘to examine the domestic and global energy outlook from the perspective of the Inter-national Energy Agency’’. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, January 16, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the United States Department of Homeland Security.’’ 
f 
APPOINTMENTS The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair, on behalf of the Democratic leader, pursuant to the provisions of Public Law 114–255, appoints the fol-lowing individuals to the Health Infor-mation Technology Advisory Com-mittee: Valarie R. Grey of New York and Aaron A. Miri of Massachusetts. f 
MEASURE READ THE FIRST TIME—S. 2311 Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I under-stand that there is a bill at the desk, and I ask for its first reading. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will read the bill by title for the first time. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2311) to amend title 18, United States Code, to protect pain-capable unborn children, and for other purposes. 
Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I now ask for a second reading and, in order to place the bill on the calendar under the provisions of rule XIV, I object to my own request. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The bill will be read for the second time on the next legislative day. 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 17, 2018 Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 10 a.m., Wednesday, Janu-ary 17; further, that following the pray-er and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of the motion to concur in the House amendment to accompany S. 139; finally, that all time during re-cess, adjournment, morning business, and leader remarks count postcloture on the motion to concur. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the pre-vious order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 7:58 p.m., adjourned until Wednes-day, January 17, 2018, at 10 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA6.023 S16JAPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE43 January 16, 2018 
HONORING MARY YERGAN HUGHES 
HON. DWIGHT EVANS 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 16, 2018 Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor an inspirational and dedicated woman from Northwest Philadelphia, Mary Yergan Hughes, a children’s librarian and volunteer. Mrs. Hughes was born in Alice, South Africa to missionary parents. Her father was an ad-vocate for black civil rights in Africa. She later moved to Massachusetts and enrolled in Northfield Mount Hermon, a preparatory school, in which she served as the president of the student council and was one of a few African American students in her school. For college, she was part of the first group of Afri-can American women to attend Wellesley Col-lege. After her junior year, she contracted tu-berculosis and had to leave school in order to recover. After three years of recovery, she fin-ished her undergraduate degree at Columbia University. She married Dr. Hughes and had two daughters. Mrs. Hughes went back to school and received her master’s degree in library science from Drexel University which led her to become a children’s librarian in Philadel-phia’s Northwest Regional Library. She loved reading to the neighborhood children during after-school story hours and inspired so many children to have a love for learning and read-ing. Ever since Mrs. Hughes became an adult, she would volunteer. She was a Platinum Alumna member of the Philadelphia chapter of the Links, Inc., a service organization of distin-guished women whose goal is to enrich and sustain the culture of African Americans and others of African ancestry. She was also a president during one of its National Assem-blies. Some other organizations she was president of include: the Philadelphia chapter of the Circle-Lets, Inc., a social organization for black women, and Boule´wives, the wom-en’s arm of Sigma Pi Phi Fraternity. Mrs. Hughes was part of our Philadelphia community in many ways. She was a member of the Germantown Cricket Club where she loved to participate in tournaments. She loved to play tennis. She was also a half-century member and elder at Summit Presbyterian Church in Mount Airy. Mrs. Hughes devoted her life to engaging and helping her community. The 2nd Congres-sional District of Pennsylvania extends grati-tude to Mrs. Hughes for all that she has done for the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. 
f 
HONORING GARRETT JACKSON 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 16, 2018 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Garrett Jackson. Garrett is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 60, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Garrett has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Garrett has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Gar-rett has become a member of the tribe Mic-O- Say. Garrett has also contributed to his com-munity through his Eagle Scout project. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Garrett for his accomplishments with the Boy Scouts of America, and for his ef-forts put forth in achieving the highest distinc-tion of Eagle Scout. f 
HONORING WARDELL GRAY 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 16, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a remarkable person, Mr. Wardell Gray. Wardell Gray was born June 30, 1917 as the eldest son and first of two sons of Mr. Will Gray and Mrs. Mary Elizabeth Otis Gray in Carson, Mississippi. There was an older sister, Willa Mae, the first born who died of lockjaw at the age of 10. The year he was born, his father was a Foreman with the Illinois Central Railroad, and they lived for a number of years in Sumrall, MS where his parents operated a boarding house for the other men who worked under his father. Gray was exposed to hard work in the area of farming and business at an early age. Upon their return to Jefferson Davis County, his mother was the teacher in a one room school house on the grounds of the Holisday Creek M.B. Church. Due to the fact that there was no school for blacks, he completed 8th Grade education there and continued his high school education at Prentiss Institute Junior College. He was a good student and an awesome athlete as a Baseball Pitcher with one of the Old Negro Leagues. His father Will Gray passed away at the age of 110 years of age and his mother Mary at age 97. Gray was drafted in the U.S. Army on No-vember 19, 1941 and fought in World War II in the following battles and campaigns: Naples-Foggia, Rome Arno, Rhineland, and Central Europe. He received the American De-fense Service Medal, ATO Medal, Good Con-dition Medal, Meritorious Unit Award and the Wold War II Victory Medal. He returned back to his home from the Army on October 31, 1945. While away at War, his parents were acquir-ing land. Upon his return, his dream was to do the same and continue his love for farming. In completing this vision, he met and married the love of his life, Quillie Ross Gray. She was a graduate of Jackson State University and con-tinued out of state at Indiana University to ob-tain a master’s degree. He was one of the first blacks to open a Dairy during the late 40s. His Uncle, Dr. J.R. Otis was President of Alcorn College. With this relationship to the college, students who were Agriculture majors would travel to Gray Farms to intern. As a civil rights activist, Gray was involved in fighting for voter registration, and an avid and ardent supporter of the 1964 Civil Rights act. In 1959, he was the first black candidate to run for any type of public office; Constable for his district, Beat 2. He would later run for Election Commissioner. He became President of the Jefferson Davis Chapter of NAACP in 1959 and would remain through 1974. He picketed local stores and other national fran-chises regarding employment discrimination practices. Gray worked tirelessly with other civil rights giants such as Medgar and Charles Evers, Fannie Lou Hamer, Rev. Darby, Dr. Aaron Henry, his cousin, Charles Young and many others known and unknown. As a member of Blackmon Temple CME Church, Gray brought his love of God, edu-cation, and children together, for it was during the civil rights movement that meetings of the NAACP, Mississippi Freedom Democratic Party, Mississippi Action for Progress (MAP) were held at churches throughout the State. He along with Mr. N.J. Booth was instrumental in acquiring the land for the first black school in Jefferson Davis County, Carver High. Wardell Gray and his family suffered many attacks in his life, cross burnings, a barn burned to the ground with 3,000 bales of hay destroyed and on and on, but it did not stop him from fighting for civil rights. He partnered with the Lawrence County Branch of the NAACP to ensure the hiring of African Ameri-cans at St. Regis Paper Company (Now Geor-gia Pacific). His wife was fired from the school system briefly due to Rev. Darby and Gray filing the lawsuit against the poll tax for the right to vote. Gray formed biracial committees to tack-le the troubles in the county—such as colored and white separate waiting rooms at medical clinics. When the NAACP was sued for millions of dollars, he was in the forefront of fund raising to assist the National Branch in meeting their need. He was the first black to be appointed under President Jimmy Carter to serve on the ASC Committee. Volumes could be written about the number of people Gray counseled, inspired, encour-aged and helped along in their lives. Gray will be remembered as a gentleman, friend, and servant; lover of his family, community and his God. The loves of his life were his two children and his grand- and great-grandchildren. He was a mentor to many children in the commu-nity and beyond. Gray leaves to cherish his memory his children: Dr. Pene’ Gray Woods (Curtis) of Cordova, TN; Joseph Willie (Sheryl) Gray of Hattiesburg, MS, grandchildren Chris-topher (Lynsi), and Dominic, Joseph Jr., Jayla, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K16JA8.001 E16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE44 January 16, 2018 
Kyle Meyers, Joseph and Ashley Smith; great- grandchildren Caitlyn, Chris II, and Dominic II. 
f 
CYBER VULNERABILITY DISCLOSURE REPORTING ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 9, 2018 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise to support H.R. 3202, the Cyber Vulner-ability Disclosure Reporting Act. H.R. 3202 di-rects the Secretary of Homeland Security to submit a report to Congress detailing the pro-cedures involved in disclosing cyber vulnerabilities to the private sector. This bill aims to safeguard the nation against cyber security threats by requiring the Secretary of Homeland Security to release a report disclosing specific cyber security vulnerabilities to the House Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate. H.R. 3202 also requires that the report include examples of these proce-dures in action over the past year, noting when the disclosure took place and how the information was used to prevent cyber-attacks. Finally, the report will also explain how the Secretary of Homeland Security, other Federal agencies, and relevant industries are working collaboratively to prevent, detect, and mitigate cyber vulnerabilities. To best combat cyber threats, we must sup-port full cooperation between the private and public sectors. In the past, cybersecurity vulnerabilities have been collected by the De-partment of Homeland Security and monitored by the intelligence community. The disclosure of these vulnerabilities to the private sector is an important step to promote transparency and to encourage preventative action on the part of stakeholders and industries. I fully support H.R. 3202 to strengthen docu-mentation of cybersecurity threats across the public and private sectors. I believe that in-forming Congress of disclosure procedures is a critically important step in guaranteeing transparency at the Federal level and ensuring that vulnerabilities are acted on. 
f 
HONORING DEREK RONALD M
CFERRIN 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 16, 2018 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Derek Ronald McFerrin. Ronnie is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citi-zenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 313, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Ronnie has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Ronnie has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Ron-nie has constructed an 8′ x 8′ brick patio at Lake Doniphan in Excelsior Springs, Missouri, which hosts a summer camp for kids with spe-cial needs. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Ronnie for his accomplishments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his ef-forts put forth in achieving the highest distinc-tion of Eagle Scout. f 
HONORING CLARK BARNES 
HON. ALEXANDER X. MOONEY 
OF WEST VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 16, 2018 Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor Clark Barnes for his service in the West Virginia Senate. Clark served as a State Senator from Randolph County for ten years and in 2015 became Senate clerk. A preacher’s son, he worked as a ranch hand at a camp for deaf teens, served in the Army, handled permits for a mining company, ran his own construction business, sold life in-surance and worked for Miracle Ear in the hearing aid business. Clark put in 30 years as a Miracle Ear entrepreneur and operated in 13 locations. Clark’s work ethic cannot be matched. His dedication to his work life in both the private and public sector is simply astonishing. At 67, Clark has decided to retire and move to Flor-ida to enjoy a few months fishing before see-ing what lies in store. Enjoy retirement, Clark. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ALMA S. ADAMS 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 16, 2018 Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I was absent 01/ 08/18 through 01/11/18 due to my recovery from surgery. Had I been present, I would have voted: Roll Call No. 1, Present; Roll Call No. 2, YEA; Roll Call No. 3, YEA; Roll Call No. 4, YEA; Roll Call No. 5, YEA; Roll Call No. 6, YEA; Roll Call No. 7, YEA; Roll Call No. 8, NO; Roll Call No. 9, NO; Roll Call No. 10, NO; Roll Call No. 11, NO; Roll Call No. 12, YES; Roll Call No. 13, YES; Roll Call No. 14, YES; Roll Call No. 15, YES; Roll Call No. 16, NO; and Roll Call No. 17, YES. 
f 
HONORING KYLAN PAUL WOERTH 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 16, 2018 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Kylan Paul Woerth. Kylan is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citi-zenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 337, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Kylan has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Kylan has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Kylan has led his troop as the acting Patrol Leader and earned the rank of Brave in the Tribe of Mic-O-Say. Kylan has also contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project by replacing a split-rail fence at Shoal Creek Liv-ing History Museum in Kansas City, Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Kylan for his accomplishments with the Boy Scouts of America, and for his ef-forts put forth in achieving the highest distinc-tion of Eagle Scout. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. RICHARD M. NOLAN 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 16, 2018 Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained due to ongoing issues surrounding the health of my youngest daughter in Minnnesota. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 14; YEA on Roll Call No. 15; NAY on Roll Call No. 16; and YEA on Roll Call No. 17. 
f 
POST-CALIPHATE THREAT ASSESSMENT ACT OF 2017 
SPEECH OF  
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 9, 2018 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4564—Post-Caliphate Threat Assessment Act of 2017. This legislation would direct the Department of Homeland Security, in coordination with the Department of State, and the Office of the Di-rector of National Intelligence to perform a threat assessment of current foreign terrorist fighter activities. This multi-agency assess-ment will include a breakdown of any country or region with a substantial increase in foreign terrorist fighter activity, travel and trends of terrorist movement, and an analysis of travel trends in and out of Iraq and Syria. To successfully continue the fight against the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS), our government agencies must understand the current terrorist threat. This conflict is complex and ISIS has lost a significant amount of terri-tory in their self-declared caliphate, while anti- ISIS fighters have successfully regained con-trol of the cities of Mosul and Raqqa. After these recent victories for the anti-ISIS forces in Northern Iraq and Syria, the enemy has dis-persed across the region. The anti-ISIS vic-tories have been essential to reestablishing order in the conflict zone, but unfortunately present new challenges in defeating the ter-rorist group. Shifts in power have caused ISIS to disperse into countries that border Syria and Iraq, such as Libya, Afghanistan, and Tur-key, in order to evade total defeat. Recent re-ports on the whereabouts of fleeing ISIS fight-ers have varied, prompting the need for a post-caliphate threat assessment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16JA8.001 E16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE45 January 16, 2018 
As a former member of the House Armed Forces Committee, I understand well the com-plexity of this conflict. By creating this assess-ment for our intelligence and defense agen-cies we will provide them with the proper tools to fight ISIS and current terrorist threats. We must continue to update our intelligence as the war against ISIS goes on and forces hide, recuperate, and go underground. Some ter-rorist fighters have been believed to migrate to neighboring countries, others have relocated to their homes, and members of this group might even be seeking to return to Europe or the U.S. Keeping track of this terrible enemy will be of the utmost importance and H.R. 4564 will help us assess this threat and will bolster our arsenal to combat terror abroad. 
f 
VICTOR LOVELADY’S SPIRIT LIVES ON 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 16, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on this day, five years ago, one of my constituents— Mr. Victor Lovelady—was brutally killed at the hands of al-Qaeda-linked terrorists in Algeria. Victor was killed not just for who he was, but also for what he represented. He was killed because he was an American. Before his death, Victor displayed some of the very best qualities of the American spirit: courage, con-viction, and compassion. This is the American spirit that terrorists seek to kill. But today and every day, we let Mr. Lovelady’s spirit live on. I would like to take a moment to tell you his story. Like many Americans, Victor Lovelady was a hard worker who put in long hours to pro-vide for his family of four. As an industrial en-gineer and master electrician, he worked most of his life in his hometown of Nederland, Texas. Victor never had a pension plan and always had to pay his family’s insurance by himself. So, when given the opportunity to work overseas for British Petroleum, Victor knew a few years of hard work would provide him with enough money to retire. He made a sacrifice for his family. On January 9, 2013, Victor arrived in a re-mote area of Algeria to begin his new job at the BP Gas facility. Seven days later, Victor and several other workers were in the cantina having tea when a colleague walked in with a gunshot wound to his stomach. Al Qaeda- linked terrorists had stormed their facility and were indiscriminately killing innocent employ-ees. In the ultimate show of heroism, Victor dis-regarded the sound of gunfire and instead began cleaning and dressing his colleague’s wound. Victor then hid him in a food container for his safety. Even as the sound of gunshots grew louder, Victor selflessly continued to lift the other men into the cantina’s false ceiling, hiding them from the attackers. Moments later, the terrorists stormed in, captured Victor, and held him hostage. Victor’s selfless and heroic actions saved four lives that day. Sadly, Victor was killed when U.S. and Algerian forces at-tempted to rescue the hostages. Victor Lovelady was a true American hero. He represented the very best of America; he represented selfless courage and sacrifice. He was there to work hard to provide an honest living for his family and when he encountered the evil of terrorism, thought first to protect others instead of himself. For his actions, I have requested that Victor be recognized with the Presidential Medal of Freedom, our na-tion’s highest civilian honor to recognize indi-viduals who have made ‘‘an especially meri-torious contribution’’ to our society. Victor un-doubtedly exceeded that standard. While we continue to mourn their loss we should, to quote General George Patton: ‘‘Thank God that such men lived.’’ Mr. Speaker, courage like this should be praised and remembered. We should all take a moment today to reflect on the heroism of Victor Lovelady. He was a great man and his legacy continues through his family: his wife, Maureen, his two children, Erin and Grant, and his brother, Mike. May we continue to honor the sacrifice that Victor Lovelady made as a courageous husband, father, and Amer-ican. And that’s just the way it is. f 
RECOGNIZING JUDGE JOHNNY ROGERS 
HON. ROBERT B. ADERHOLT 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 16, 2018 Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize Judge Johnny Rogers on the oc-casion of his retirement as Probate Judge of Lamar County, Alabama. I am proud to recog-nize Judge Rogers for his many years of pub-lic service to Lamar County and to the state of Alabama. He is truly a man who embodies the American principles of hard work, dedication, and devotion to one’s community. Judge Rogers is a native of Lamar County and was educated in the Lamar County school system. After operating Rogers Auto Parts, a successful automotive business in Sulligent, Alabama, for twenty-seven years, he decided to enter public service. He was first elected as Probate Judge, which also serves as Chair-man of the County Commission, in 2000, and re-elected in 2006 and again in 2012. His re- election in 2006 was the first time a Probate Judge had been re-elected in Lamar County in over 30 years. During his term in office, Judge Rogers committed himself to working hard for the citi-zens of Lamar County, conducting the Probate Judge’s office and the County Commission in an effective, efficient and courteous manner and striving to improve the quality of life for all citizens of Lamar County. He created the ‘‘Ex-isting Manufacturing Program’’ to help retain Lamar County’s manufacturing jobs by offering incentives and abatements to local busi-nesses. He also worked tirelessly with the local economic development authority on in-dustrial expansions by Nacco Material Han-dling, Weyerheuser, and Steel Dust Recycling, resulting in a capital investment of over $250 million and the addition of hundreds of jobs. Another goal of Judge Rogers was to ex-pand the availability of county water. Since he took office he has secured $2.4 million in Community Development Block Grant funds to provide county water to 282 homes and con-structed over 51 miles of new waterlines. Judge Rogers is highly respected by the people of Lamar County for his honesty and dedication. He is also one of the friendliest people you could ever meet, and I am proud to call him my friend. Mr. Speaker, it is a great privilege to honor Judge Johnny Rogers on his many accom-plishments and for his enduring impact on his community, his state, and nation. I join his family, friends and colleagues in wishing him God’s richest blessings in his retirement. f 
100TH BIRTHDAY OF NATHAN DRAYER 
HON. DANIEL M. DONOVAN, JR. 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 16, 2018 Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 100th birthday of World War II veteran, Dr. Nathan Drayer. Nathan Drayer was born on January 8, 1918, in Brooklyn, New York. It was in Brook-lyn where Nathan met his future wife, Sylvia. After marriage, they went on to raise their four outstanding children, Carol, Barry, Gerald, and Dennis. When the call to serve came, how-ever, Dr. Drayer immediately answered. As a licensed optometrist with a degree from Co-lumbia University, he was made a U.S. Army medic, serving stateside during World War II. After the war ended, Dr. Drayer opened his own optometry practice in Brooklyn. He treat-ed patients for over 40 years until he retired in 1990. Residing in Island Shores for the past four years, Nathan has loved spending time with friends and fellow residents. Moreover, he treasures every moment he spends with his loving children, six grandchildren, and six great-grandchildren. He is very popular at Is-land Shores, with a great sense of humor and an ingenious wit. Mr. Speaker, I wish Dr. Nathan Drayer a happy 100th birthday. I cannot thank him enough for his contributions to his country. When the war broke out, he stepped up when he was needed most in order to vanquish the evil of fascism. He is a shining example of a true American hero. I am immensely proud to represent him in Congress. I hope he has the happiest of birthdays, and I thank him for his service. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF MRS. GLORIA MARGIE BROWN 
HON. CEDRIC L. RICHMOND 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 16, 2018 Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of Mrs. Gloria Margie Brown, a native of New Orleans, Lou-isiana, who passed away on January 4, 2018, at the age of 82. Mrs. Brown was the first child born of three children to the late Mr. Edward Davis, Sr. and Mrs. Maude B. Davis, in Lobdell, Louisiana. She was reared in a Christian home, where both the Catholic and Baptist faiths were taught, although the family mostly attended St. Paul Catholic Church in Brusly, Louisiana. Mrs. Brown’s childhood education began at St. Monica School, where she met her lifelong 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16JA8.006 E16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE46 January 16, 2018 
friend Bessie. Upon graduating the eighth grade she matriculated to Walter L. Cohen High School. She was in the second grad-uating class and one of the first majorettes. She was proud of her school and regularly participated in many of their functions. As a teenager, Mrs. Brown was honored with the title of Miss Lincoln Beach. She en-joyed helping others and served as the mon-itor at the ‘‘baby pool’’ at Leman Park Play-ground for more than 19 years. Mrs. Brown married Mr. Eric Brown and to-gether they raised three children—Melvin, Rhonda, and Margie. She supported her chil-dren in all of their life adventures, from the church house, ball parks, and dance recitals. We cannot match the sacrifices made by Mrs. Brown, but surely we can try to match her sense of service. We cannot match her courage, but we can strive to match her devo-tion. Mrs. Brown’s survivors include her children, Melvin, Rhonda, and Margie; grandchildren AJ, Hass, and Maddi; one great grandson A’Jay; her sister Elaine (Jack), her brother Ed, sister-in-law Valentine and two god children Karen Lynn and Tommy. She was preceded in death by her husband Eric, parents Edward and Maude, grandson Melvin John Eric, sister- in-law Annie and nine brothers and sisters-in- law. Mr. Speaker, I celebrate the life and legacy of Mrs. Gloria Margie Brown—a beloved wife, mother, grandmother, aunt, sister, and daugh-ter. 
f 
COUNTER TERRORIST NETWORK ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 9, 2018 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4578—Counter Ter-rorist Network Act. This legislation will allow the U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) to enhance border security operations that will interrupt and dismantle transnational criminal and foreign terrorist networks that threaten the security of our country. The pur-pose of this bill is to ensure the CBP has the authority necessary to prevent terrorists from exploiting legitimate avenues of traveling to and entering the United States. We must continue to provide our law en-forcement and security agencies with the ap-propriate resources to protect our great nation from terrorist networks. The CBP’s primary mission is to keep the United States borders and ports safe against all threats domestic and foreign. The CBP mainly deals with transnational criminal organizations, smugglers and human traffickers, and terrorist networks. All of these groups pose significant threats to our national security and the safety of the American people. The CBP’s border security mission uniquely situates this agency to com-bat terrorist threats that begin far from our homeland. Despite all the work performed by the CBP, the agency doesn’t have explicit legal authorization to combat threats or to as-sign their personnel to other U.S. agencies both domestically and internationally to sup-port their mission. This bill seeks to provide such explicit authorization. As a former member of the House Armed Services Committee, I have always voted to support our law enforcement and our security agencies. This legislation will help provide the CBP with the proper authorization to collect in-telligence on foreign terrorist threats before they reach the border. This will help ensure the safety of our homeland and the security of our border. I support H.R. 4578 and I urge my fellow members to lend their support as well. f 
TO COMMEMORATE ST. JOSEPH’S 25TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. TREY GOWDY 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 16, 2018 Mr. GOWDY. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD the following Proclamation to con-gratulate St. Joseph’s Catholic School on twenty-five years of educating and preparing future leaders of South Carolina. Whereas, St. Joseph’s opened its doors in a small rented home to thirteen students in August of 1993 with the belief that God would provide. Today, that belief has paid dividends as St. Joseph’s enrolls nearly seven hundred students and has been nationally recognized by the Catholic High School Honor Roll as a ‘‘School of Excellence.’’ Whereas, St. Joseph’s commitment to pro-viding students with the knowledge and skills to be successful in life is clear from the con-tributions of their alumni to our community. St. Joseph’s alumni are serving our community in all professions from education and business to medical research, and many donate their time and gifts to serve as leaders in churches across the Upstate. Be it Resolved, That I, T
REY GOWDY , do con-gratulate the staff, students, and alumni of St. Joseph’s Catholic School on this milestone and look forward to their continued contribu-tions to our community and the Fourth Con-gressional District of South Carolina. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. STEVE KING 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 16, 2018 Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I was un-able to vote on January 10, 2018 for an obli-gation at the White House. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: YES on Roll Call No. 10. 
f 
THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND KAZAKHSTAN 
HON. FRANCIS ROONEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 16, 2018 Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to discuss the important and strategic relationship between the United States and Kazakhstan. I was in Kazakhstan in 1992 as the nation was being reborn. Since declaring its independence from the former Soviet Union in 1991, Kazakhstan has reached toward the West to build strong rela-tionships, particularly with the United States. They have been allies in the region and have become a destination for American business investment. The United States was the first country to recognize Kazakhstan’s independ-ence and our friendship has grown ever since. Kazakhstan works with us on issues like nu-clear non-proliferation and counterterrorism. It exerts significant influence in Central Asia and has supported peace and stability around the world. In 2015, after a protracted negotiation and having made material concessions, Kazakhstan was admitted into the World Trade Organization (WTO). However, since 1994, shortly after separation from the USSR, the United States has granted yearly normal trade relation status to Kazakhstan, due to its compliance with Jackson-Vanik, which re-quires non-market economy nations to im-prove human rights before allowing trade. However, the United States has not yet grant-ed permanent normal trade relation status, which requires congressional action. The United States has important economic interests in Kazakhstan and increased bilateral trade would strengthen our relationship. Therefore, we need congressional action to normalize trade with Kazakhstan. f 
COUNTERTERRORISM INFORMA-TION SHARING IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2017 
SPEECH OF  
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 9, 2018 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4569—Counterterrorism Information Sharing Improvement Act of 2017. This legislation will require the coordination of counterterrorism information sharing to en-sure that the Department of Homeland Secu-rity (DHS) has access to biographic and bio-metric data collected by the U.S. Government on individuals associated with a terrorist orga-nization for counterterrorism purposes. I believe counterterrorism information shar-ing between the U.S. Government and the DHS will be an essential asset to the United States. Lack of interagency cooperation pre-vents critical details from being shared in time sensitive situations, leading to avoidable errors and potentially fatal consequences. In the past few years, ISIS has suffered significant de-feats in Iraq and Syria. In the wake of these losses, ISIS fighters have dispersed into sur-rounding states, Europe, and even the United States. The changing landscape where we meet this enemy necessitates information sharing between law-enforcement agencies. Though we first made contact with members of ISIS on a foreign battlefield, this threat is pervasive and dynamic. H.R. 4569 will allow the Department of De-fense to share intelligence with the DHS, should members of the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria attempt to enter the United States. The DHS will be able to utilize this intelligence for frontline screening, vetting, and protecting Americans on domestic soil. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16JA8.008 E16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE47 January 16, 2018 
As a former member of the Armed Services Committee I understand the obstacles facing our fight to eliminate terrorism worldwide. H.R. 4569 will remove at least one of these obsta-cles by promoting interagency cooperation. ISIS is not a traditional enemy and it is critical our security and intelligence agencies support one another. I support H.R. 4569 and I urge my colleagues to do the same. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE FEDERAL EMPLOYEE SHORT-TERM DIS-ABILITY INSURANCE ACT OF 2018 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 16, 2018 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, today, I intro-duce the Federal Employee Short-Term Dis-ability Insurance Act of 2018, which will help provide financial relief for federal employees who have a short-term injury or disability, be-come pregnant, or develop a pregnancy-re-lated illness. This bill will offer federal employ-ees short-term disability insurance at no cost to the federal government. Employees will be responsible for 100 percent of the premiums, and will be able to receive disability insurance benefits for up to one year, which would re-place a portion of their lost income due to a non-work related injury or illness or preg-nancy. These benefits will be particularly ben-eficial to ensure that our federal employees, who do not yet enjoy paid maternity leave, are able to utilize the 12 weeks of unpaid mater-nity leave permitted by federal law while con-tinuing to pay their bills, buy groceries and make their mortgage, car and other loan pay-ments without having to deplete their retire-ment or other savings accounts. Too many federal employees do not take advantage of federal unpaid maternity leave because they have no way to replace the lost income. I decided to investigate how we could pro-vide short-term disability insurance for federal employees after learning that many of them al-ready buy short-term disability insurance as in-dividuals in the private market at high indi-vidual rates. Although federal employees have good health insurance, federal health benefits do not replace lost income if employees are unable to work. Moreover, while federal em-ployees may have available sick or annual leave days, they may not have enough such days to pay the bills if they have to be out of work for an extended period. Although there are long-term disability options for federal em-ployees who become permanently disabled, federal employees do not qualify for such ben-efits until they have worked for the federal government for at least 18 months. My bill does no more than put federal employees in the same position as their private-sector coun-terparts, who often have access to disability insurance through an employer at group rates. This bill will not allow participating insurance companies to exclude persons based on pre-existing conditions. Because of the federal government’s purchasing power, this bill will provide these benefits at a more competitive rate than is available if an employee sought such insurance as an individual, as many do. According to the Social Security Administra-tion, a 20-year-old worker has a one-in-four chance of becoming disabled by retirement age. The majority of disabilities are not caused by major accidents, but by injuries or illnesses, such as back injuries or cancer, according to the Council for Disability Awareness. There is every reason to allow our federal employees to take advantage of the federal government’s group rates to obtain the most reasonable price if they choose to purchase short-term disability coverage on their own at no cost to the federal government. I strongly urge my colleagues to support this bill. f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF CONCEPCION ‘‘CONNIE’’ B. DUENAS 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 16, 2018 Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of Concepcion ‘‘Connie’’ B. Duenas. Connie was a proud daughter of Guam and faithful public servant. She served as a Guam Mayor of the village of Tamuning-Tumon-Harmon from 2001 to 2005, and as the Vice Mayor of the village from 1998 to 2000. Connie was born on December 29, 1933 and passed away on January 4, 2018 at the age of 84. Connie was the daughter of Juan Guerrero Balijadia and Anuncia Quitugua Reyes. She was married to Juan S.A. Duenas and to-gether had four children. Connie was a mem-ber of Guam’s greatest generation who sur-vived the occupation of Guam during World War II. Connie graduated from George Washington High School in 1954 and attended the Guam Territorial College and the University of Guam. She joined the Guam Police Department in 1956 and advanced to the rank of sergeant in 1971. Connie was the first female in the Guam police Department to achieve this rank. Connie worked in different capacities while at the Guam Police Department as an adminis-trative and record specialist, and did field work in traffic control, vice squad and juvenile delin-quency. She retired at the rank of lieutenant in 1978. Connie was also very involved in the local community and volunteered her time with many organizations. She was a founding member and served as president for Victims Advocate Reaching Out, an organization which assists victims of crimes such as rape, abuse, and other traumatic experiences. She served as the treasurer for Guma Mami, Inc., a nonprofit organization dedicated to providing services to people with disabilities. She served as the president of the parent teacher associa-tions of various schools in the village of Tamuning. Connie additionally served the par-ish of St. Anthony Catholic Church in Tamuning faithfully for many years as a leader in the church and Confraternity of Christian Doctrine teacher. I am deeply saddened by the passing of Concepcion ‘‘Connie’’ B. Duenas and I join the people of Guam in celebrating her life. She was a dedicated public servant who worked to improve our village of Tamuning-Tumon-Har-mon, and the broader community during her tenure. Her involvement in village events and service in public safety were testaments of her leadership and commitment to the people she served. My thoughts and prayers are with her family, loved ones and friends. I extend my condolences to her husband Juan and their children Kathy, Eleanor, Yvonne and John and their numerous grand-children and family members. She will be deeply missed, and her memory will live on in the hearts of the people of Guam. f 
GLOBAL AVIATION SYSTEM SECURITY REFORM ACT OF 2017 
SPEECH OF  
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 9, 2018 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4559. H.R. 4559, the Global Aviation System Se-curity Reform Act of 2017, aims to conduct a global aviation security review to improve global aviation security standards. H.R. 4559 directs the Transportation Security Administra-tion (TSA) to comprehensively review chal-lenges facing the global aviation system and review aviation security implementation. This legislation encourages cooperation between multiple agencies of the Federal Government, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), and the TSA to ensure proper coordination and outreach both within and outside of the United States government. The DHS and the TSA have expressed con-cerns about threats to inbound civil aviation. To manage these threats, key aspects of H.R. 4559 would work to improve the security at last point of departure airports overseas and more generally improve security at airports across the world. We must establish global aviation security standards to create safer skies across the world. Additionally, as a member of the Transpor-tation and Infrastructure committee, ensuring the safety of transportation mechanisms has been of paramount importance to me, and as a member of the subcommittee on Aviation, I am particularly concerned with this issue. Georgia is home to the busiest airport in the world; 55 million passengers annually travel through Atlanta’s Hartsfield-Jackson Inter-national airport. I will do everything I can to protect passengers in Georgia, the United States, and the world. I wholeheartedly sup-port H.R. 4559 and urge my fellow members to do the same. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF BRIGADIER GENERAL ANNA HAYS 
HON. CHARLES W. DENT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 16, 2018 Mr. DENT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the life and achievements of Allentown native Anna Mae Hays, the first woman in the history of the U.S. Armed Forces to be award-ed the rank of a general. After a life spent serving in the army and contributing to the Al-lentown community, Anna passed away in Washington on January 6 at the age of 97. Born in Buffalo, N.Y. in 1920, Brigadier General (BG) Hays moved to what is now 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16JA8.012 E16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE48 January 16, 2018 
Pennsylvania’s 15th Congressional District in 1932. Ten years later, inspired by the tragic Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, she traveled some 60 miles by trolley car from Allentown to Philadelphia to join an Army reserve unit affili-ated with the Hospital at the University of Pennsylvania. In 1943, she shipped out to Asia, where she served at the 20th Field Hos-pital, tending to wounded soldiers in India. As an Army nurse, BG Hays’ compassion for others was unparalleled Furthermore, she was resolute in her mission to provide the highest level of care to our nation’s troops, even battling severe illnesses and hardships of her own to do so. Following WWII, she again served hundreds of wounded soldiers at the 4th Field Hospital in Inchon and the Tokyo Army Hospital during the Korean War. After the wars, her compassion did not waver as she continued to serve in military hospitals. This included a stint at Walter Reed Army Medical Center, where two of her pa-tients included General George C. Marshall and President Dwight D. Eisenhower. When war broke out in Vietnam, BG Hays again answered the call of duty. She worked in the Army Nurse Corps and rose to the rank of chief, visiting Vietnam on many occasions to inspect medical installations. On June 11, 1970, BG Hays was promoted to the rank of Brigadier General after being nominated by President Nixon, becoming the first woman to ever receive this distinction. Ad-ditionally, she was also awarded the Distin-guished Service Medal, the highest noncom-bat award issued by the Pentagon. Brigadier General Anna Mae Hays will al-ways be remembered for her kindness and service towards others and her love of her childhood home in the Lehigh Valley. Even at 90 years old, Anna consistently drove back to Allentown to visit loved ones and donate his-torical items to local museums. Mr. Speaker, I ask the House to please join me in recognizing the life of this remarkable woman and her monumental accomplish-ments. Her commitment to our armed service members and to our country will never be for-gotten. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE 2017 ELLIS IS-LAND MEDAL OF HONOR RECIPI-ENTS 
HON. DARIN LaHOOD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 16, 2018 Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the 2017 recipients of the pres-tigious Ellis Island Medal of Honor. Presented annually, the Ellis Island Medals of Honor pay tribute to our Nation’s immigrant heritage, as well as individual achievement. The Medals are awarded to U.S. citizens from diverse ethnic backgrounds who exemplify outstanding qualities in both their personal and professional lives, while continuing to preserve the richness of their particular heritage and culture. We honor these outstanding individ-uals because the important work they do today creates a better world for all of us to-morrow. This momentous occasion was cele-brated with a patriotic ceremony on Ellis Island and a recommitment by the leaders of the or-ganization to their mission of honoring diver-sity, fostering tolerance and promoting reli-gious and racial unity across America. Since the Medals’ founding, more than 2,500 American citizens have received the Ellis Island Medal of Honor, including seven American Presidents, numerous United States Senators and Congressmen, two Nobel Laure-ates, and many athletes, artists, clergy, and military leaders. This Medal is not about mate-rial success, nor is it about the politics of im-migration; it is about the people who have committed themselves to this nation, em-braced the opportunities America offers, and most importantly, who have used those oppor-tunities to not only better their own lives but make a difference in our country and in the lives of its people. Citizens of the United States hail from every nation known to man. The iconic metaphor of this nation as a veritable melting pot of cul-tures continues to ring true, and it is this diver-sity that adds to the unique richness of Amer-ican life. It is the key to why America is the most innovative, progressive and forward thinking country in the world. The Ellis Island Medals of Honor not only celebrate select indi-viduals but also the pluralism and democracy that enabled our forbearers to celebrate their cultural identities while still embracing the American way of life. This award serves to re-mind us all that with hard work and persever-ance anyone can still achieve the American dream. In addition, by honoring these remark-able Americans, we honor all who share their origins and we acknowledge the contributions they have made to America. I commend NECO and its Board of Directors headed by my good friend, Nasser J. Kazeminy, for hon-oring these truly outstanding individuals for their tireless efforts to foster dialogue and build bridges between different ethnic groups, as well as to promote unity and a sense of common purpose in our nation. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the good works of NECO and in congratulating all of the 2017 recipients of the Ellis Island Medal of Honor. 2017 ELLIS ISLAND MEDAL OF HONOR RECIPIENTS  Ken Aagaard, David B. Agus, MD, The Hon-orable Dr. Buzz Aldrin, Hormoz Ameri, Loreen Arbus, Dr. Abbas Ardehali, Nadim C. Ashi, Lieutenant General Ronald L. Bailey, Sook Ja Bang, Herb Baum, Ruth Bedevian, Kurken Yetvart Berksanlar, Mollie Ann Bracigliano, Susan Burchard, Thomas L. Cantone, Robert E. Carlucci, LTC Daniel L. Cederman, Heather Won Choi, Winn Claybaugh, Konstantine Costalas, Peter Cuneo, Robert Currie, BS, MA, PhD (Hon.), FSA Scot, Captain Michael H. Day, Ronald A. DePinho, MD, Joseph D’Urso, Suzanne El Sayegh, MD, FACP, FASN. Dr. Hossein Eslambolchi, Mohammad Farzaneh, Commander Jonathan A. Forsberg, MD, PhD, Michael Greco, Mindy Grossman, Emile K. Haddad, Adil H. Haider, MD, MPH, FACS, Lieutenant General Stayce D. Harris, Patricia de Stacy Harrison, Lucine Mardirosian Harvey, Yumi Hogan, Rachel S. Howitt, Ming Hsieh, Soo-ll Jung, Governor John Kasich, Mumtaz A. Kazim, MD, Thomas A. Keller, Victoria Reggie Ken-nedy, ESQ, Alsun Keogh, R. Gil Kerlikowske. Olga Kern, Annapoorna S. Kini, MD, Murat N. Koprulu, Sven Kraemer, Honorable Darin M. LaHood, Sherry Lansing, Noel Lateef, Andy Andranik, Madadian, Bill McMorrow, Frank Melkonian, George Fouad Mobassaleh, Sebastian Paul Musco, Francois Nader, MD, MBA, Daniel A. Nigro, Indra K. Nooyi, Jeffrey S. Olson, Eleni Paliros-Bousis, Dinesh Paliwal. Harris Pastides, PhD, Mohan H. Patel, Yashvant Patel, Joan Agajanian Quinn, Hon-orable Azita Raji, Brigadier General Austin E. Renforth, Commanding General, Marine Corp, Dame Tadia Rice, Ihor S. Sawczuk, MD, FACS, Richard C. Shadyac, Jr., Major General Larry W. Shellito USN (Ret.), EdD, James P. Sherlock, Anne Shih, Assistant Chief Theresa J. Shorten, Maggie Soleimani, Esq., Admiral James Stavridis, USN (Ret.), Carol Gomez Summerhays, DDS, Mary- Christine (M.C.) Sungaila, Esq., Ara Tekian, PRD, MHPE, Dr. Sean Shaheen Tedjarati. Garo M. Terzakian, MD, Rear Admiral Cynthia M. Thebaud, USN (Ret.), Alvin S. Trenk, Veronica Tsang, Cumrun Vafa, Briga-dier General Suzanne P. Vares-Lum, USA, Charlie Woo, Chun B. (Charlie) Yim, D.B.A, Ma Cheol Yim, Dr. Fareed Zakaria. INTERNATIONAL ELLIS ISLAND MEDAL OF HONOR  
RECIPIENTS  Emmanuelle Charpentier, PhD, Amir A. Dossal, FCA, Hamdi Ulukaya. 
GLOBAL HUMANITARIAN ELLIS ISLAND MEDAL OF  
HONOR RECIPIENT  Malala Yousafzai. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 150TH AN-NIVERSARY OF THE SIERRA SACRAMENTO VALLEY MEDICAL SOCIETY 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 16, 2018 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Sierra Sacramento Valley Medical Society (SSVMS) as it celebrates its 150th an-niversary. As the members of SSVMS gather today, I ask my colleagues to join me in hon-oring the Society’s long history of service to the Sacramento region and beyond. The Sierra Sacramento Valley Medical Soci-ety, originally known as the Sacramento Soci-ety for Medical Improvement, has been in con-tinuous operation since the 1860s. It was founded by physicians from different areas of expertise dedicated to providing quality med-ical care for our community. Throughout its history, the Society has benefited from the leadership of dedicated public servants such as council members, a mayor, senators, and presidents of the American Medical Associa-tion, to name just a few of the preeminent indi-viduals who have played a role in the Soci-ety’s growth and development. As the oldest medical society in California, SSVMS is a vital part of our region’s history. The Society helps understand and fight dis-ease, promotes community education, advo-cates for local physicians, and supports the principles of the medical profession. The Soci-ety is committed to increasing access to health-care services and providing scholar-ships to medical students. In 1947 it founded the Sacramento Medical Foundation, which so many of us in Sacramento now known as BloodSource. And its Joy of Medicine program seeks to relieve physician pain and help to re-claim the joy of practicing medicine through education, advocacy, and program services designed to nurture individual well-being and collegiality. Mr. Speaker, as those who value the Sierra Sacramento Valley Medical Society’s many contributions celebrate its 150 years of invalu-able service to Sacramento, I ask my col-leagues to join me in honoring this prestigious 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16JA8.016 E16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE49 January 16, 2018 
group. The health and well-being of untold numbers of my constituents in Sacramento are better thanks to the Society’s vision, leader-ship, and efforts. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. RON KIND 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 16, 2018 Mr. KIND. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to have my votes recorded on the House floor on Thursday, January 11, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted in favor of S. 139. While this bill is not perfect, the FISA program is needed to keep the American public safe. I am hopeful that stronger judicial oversight ele-ments will be added in the Senate, as a former special prosecutor, I acutely under-stand the need for people’s privacy rights must be protected at all times. 
f 
DIRECTING THE SECRETARY OF STATE TO DEVELOP A STRAT-EGY TO REGAIN OBSERVER STA-TUS FOR TAIWAN IN THE WORLD HEALTH ORGANIZATION 
SPEECH OF  
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 9, 2018 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3320, a bill that directs the Secretary of State to develop a strategy to obtain observer status for Taiwan in the World Health Organization (WHO). This bill requires the Department of State to report to Congress the observer status for Taiwan at the annual summit of the World Health Assembly (WHA) held by the WHO in Geneva, Switzerland. If Taiwan fails to obtain observer status for a particular year, this bill requires the Secretary to include an account of the changes and stra-tegic improvements that the State Department has made to help Taiwan regain observer sta-tus in the WHO. Taiwan first sought to participate in the WHO as an observer in 1997. In 2009, with strong support from successive United States Administrations and Congress, Taiwan re-ceived an invitation to attend the WHA as an observer under the name ‘‘Chinese Taipei’’. Taiwan received the same invitation each year until 2016, following the election of President Tsai-Ing Wen of the Democratic Progressive Party. President Tsai-Ing Wen’s administration has threatened Taiwan’s engagement in the international community and Taiwan has faced increased resistance from the People’s Re-public of China (PRC) when seeking inclusion in numerous organizations. Taiwan’s invitation to the 2016 WHA was received late and in-cluded new language conditioning Taiwan’s participation on the PRC’s ‘‘one China prin-ciple’’. In 2017, Taiwan did not receive an invi-tation to the WHA. Taiwan remains a model contributor to world health efforts, providing financial and technical assistance in response to numerous global health challenges. Taiwan has invested over $6 billion in international medical and humani-tarian aid efforts impacting over 80 countries since 1996. In 2014, Taiwan responded to the Ebola crisis by donating $1,000,000 and pro-viding 100,000 sets of personal protective equipment. Through the Global Cooperation and Training Framework, the United States and Taiwan have jointly conducted training programs for experts to combat MERS, Den-gue fever, and Zika. These diseases know no borders, and Taiwan’s needless exclusion from global health cooperation increases the dangers presented by global pandemics. H.R. 3320 expands the report the Depart-ment of State is required to produce dis-cussing Taiwan’s status at the WHO and en-courages Taiwan’s inclusion in this inter-national organization. I support this legislation and urge my colleagues to do the same. f 
HONORING YOUNG ARTISTS FROM WHITKO HIGH SCHOOL 
HON. JIM BANKS 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 16, 2018 Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize seven exceptional students from Whitko High School in South Whitley, In-diana. In September 2017, Whitko High School students participated in the 48th World School Children’s Art Exhibition in Taipei, Tai-wan. The exhibition is designed to promote ar-tistic exploration and highlight the artistic achievements of students from 42 nations. I would like to congratulate Whitko High School students Brielle Harrison, Megan Licata, Trysten Tucker, Chase Meade, Derek Stouder, and Katarina Rojas on being selected to participate in this prestigious contest. I also would like to congratulate Julia Seifert, whose painting ‘‘Indian Lore’’ received a bronze prize. On behalf of northeast Indiana, I would like to congratulate these young artists on their ac-complishments. I know that each of these stu-dents has a very bright future. 
f 
IN REMEMBRANCE OF CAPTAIN AARON J. EIDEM 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 16, 2018 Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Captain Aaron J. Eidem of Webb City, Missouri, for his service to this nation and his heroic act of selflessness. Captain Eidem was an active duty member of the U.S. Army for 20 years, serving as a military police officer and instructor. Having been deployed three times, Captain Eidem earned the Bronze Star and Purple Heart for his valiant efforts on the battlefield. Since 2014, Captain Eidem was an adjunct pro-fessor of military science at Missouri State University Army ROTC and was highly re-spected by students and faculty alike. Driving home one evening, Captain Eidem witnessed an accident that left a disabled ve-hicle dangerously protruding into the passing lane along a busy stretch of I–44. Being the man of service that he was, Captain Eidem pulled over to assist the individuals in the ve-hicle. As Captain Eidem returned to his vehi-cle and attempted to lead the individuals to safety, a tractor-trailer struck his vehicle, mak-ing this his final selfless deed. I am honored that Captain Eidem resided in my district, and am proud to have represented such an unparalleled person. His service to this nation and to his fellow countrymen will not be forgotten. f 
TAIWAN TRAVEL ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 9, 2018 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 535, the Taiwan Travel Act. H.R. 535 reaffirms congressional support for the Taiwan Relations Act and upholds the pol-icy that allows U.S. officials at every level to travel to Taiwan to meet their counterparts, and allow Taiwanese officials to do the same in Washington. The bill also encourages the Taipei Economic and Cultural Representative Office (TECRO) to continue to conduct busi-ness in the U.S. Since the enactment of the Taiwan Rela-tions Act, ties between the United States and Taiwan have suffered from insufficient high- level communication, largely due to the restric-tions that the United States placed on visits by high ranking officials to Taiwan. The United States and Taiwan maintain what the U.S. De-partment of State calls ‘‘a robust unofficial re-lationship.’’ The relationship has been unoffi-cial since January 1, 1979, when the Carter Administration established diplomatic relations with China and ended formal diplomatic ties with Taiwan. In the absence of diplomatic rela-tions, the Taiwan Relations Act (TRA, P.L. 96– 8), enacted on April 10, 1979, provides a legal basis for the U.S. relationship with Taiwan. I fully support H.R. 535 and encourage offi-cials at all levels of the U.S. government to travel to Taiwan to meet their counterparts. Official travel between our countries is an inte-gral part of developing stronger diplomatic ties, and our international trade relationship makes this bond between us particularly im-portant. Taiwan is currently our 10th largest trading partner, and in 2016 this partnership totaled an estimated $84.9 billion. Our established trade partnership with Tai-wan continues to help bolster the United States economy also by providing and sus-taining jobs. According to the Department of Commerce, in 2015 U.S. exports of goods and services to Taiwan supported an estimated 208,000 jobs domestically. It is essential we support H.R. 535, the Taiwan Travel Act to encourage strong diplomatic partnerships be-tween the United States and Taiwan. 
f 
ILLINOIS 18TH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT SERVICE ACADEMY NOMINEES 
HON. DARIN LaHOOD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 16, 2018 Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, today, I would like to proudly announce the service academy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16JA8.018 E16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE50 January 16, 2018 
nominees for Illinois’ 18th Congressional Dis-trict. Twenty-three remarkable individuals have been selected for admittance into the U.S. Military Academy, U.S. Naval Academy, or U.S. Air Force Academy. These young men and women have gone through a rigorous and competitive application process, making them the most impressive and outstanding group of individuals. This group gives me confidence in America’s future. I would like to thank the members of our se-lection panel including veterans and commu-nity leaders who volunteered their time, tal-ents, and attention to this process. I would also like to thank the parents for raising these exceptional young adults. Finally, I would like to thank the nominees themselves for their dedication to serving this great nation. The Illinois 18th congressional district serv-ice academy nominees are: Andrew Kim—Washington, IL, U.S. Air Force Academy & U.S. Military Academy. Aminah Jones—Springfield, IL, U.S. Air Force Academy & U.S. Naval Academy. Justin McCabe—Morton, IL, U.S. Air Force Academy, U.S. Naval Academy & U.S. Military Academy. Francesca Verville—Edwards, IL, U.S. Air Force Academy. Matthew Borrowman—Washington, IL, U.S. Air Force Academy. Jordan Sanchez—Elkhart, IL, U.S. Air Force Academy. Bryant Williams—Springfield, IL, U.S. Air Force Academy. Christopher Voegle—Bloomington, IL. U.S. Air Force Academy. Justin Sharp—Bloomington, IL, U.S. Air Force Academy. Kyle Campbell—Riverton, IL, U.S. Military Academy. Paul Oelkers—Edelstein, IL, U.S. Military Academy. Shane Hickman—Normal, IL, U.S. Military Academy. Tessa Leman—Eureka, IL, U.S. Military Academy. Kaden Schmittner—Bloomington, IL, U.S. Military Academy. Micah Weiss—Sherman, IL, U.S. Military Academy. Steven O’Rear—Lincoln, IL, U.S. Naval Academy. Molly Day—Normal, IL, U.S. Naval Acad-emy. Christopher Leanos—Metamora, IL, U.S. Naval Academy. Dominic Signa—Germantown Hills, IL, U.S. Naval Academy. Matthew Tungett—Rochester, IL, U.S. Naval Academy. William Hudson—Washington, IL, U.S. Naval Academy. Duncan Bradshaw—New Salem, IL, U.S. Naval Academy. Stephen Brown—Bloomington, IL, U.S. Naval Academy. 
f 
IN HONOR OF COURTNEY WILBURN BEING NAMED ALABAMA’S 2018–19 MIDDLE SCHOOL PRINCIPAL OF THE YEAR 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 16, 2018 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I ask for the House’s attention today to recog-nize Courtney Wilburn for being named Ala-bama’s 2018–19 Middle School Principal of the Year. Courtney is the principal at White Plains Middle School in Calhoun County. She has served in that role since 2011. She has also served as a teacher and assistant principal and was Calhoun County’s Principal of the Year in 2012. Courtney was raised in the area and at-tended Anniston City Schools and graduated from Jacksonville State University. She has been working in education for 17 years. On January 8th, she was surprised at an event at the school with the news of the honor. Mr. Speaker, please join me in congratu-lating Courtney on this distinct honor and thanking her for her service to education. DHS INTERAGENCY COUNTERTER-RORISM TASK FORCE ACT OF 2017 SPEECH OF  
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 9, 2018 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4555, DHS Interagency Counterterrorism Task Force Act. This legislation provides the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) with the authoriza-tion to assign their workforce to participate in overseas interagency counterterrorism task forces. Participation in these task forces will aid in counterterrorism information sharing and combat the threat of terrorism and associated risks to the United States, as determined by DHS. To continue to fight terrorism domestically and worldwide, I believe it is critical for agen-cies overseas to have open communications with one another. The more counterterrorism information that the DHS and other task forces overseas share, the more effectively these agencies can strategize. We must provide our security agencies with this critical asset to de-fend our country and citizens. Encouraging DHS personnel to participate in international task forces could create new solutions and help save the lives of our armed forces and personnel overseas. This task force could also assist the DHS in being more properly pre-pared to take on any counterterrorism efforts in the U.S. As a former member of the Armed Services Committee, I have long advocated for pro-tecting our personnel overseas. I strongly be-lieve in providing our U.S. security agencies with the proper training and communication tools to successfully fight terrorism. This legis-lation will provide the DHS with the appro-priate authorization to share information with allies overseas and will bring us one step clos-er to rooting out terror worldwide. H.R. 4555 will allow DHS personnel to not only build rela-tionships with allied counterterrorism task forces overseas but also help better prepare them to take on terrorism at home. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16JA8.024 E16JAPT1
D37 Tuesday, January 16, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S173–S212 Measures Introduced: Eight bills and one resolu-tion were introduced, as follows: S. 2306–2313, and S. Con. Res. 32.
                                                           Page S187 
Measures Reported: S. 2152, to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for assistance for victims of child pornog-raphy, with amendments.
                                        Page S187 
House Messages: FISA Amendments Reauthorization Act—Agree-ment: Senate resumed consideration of the amend-ment of the House to S. 139, to implement the use of Rapid DNA instruments to inform decisions about pretrial release or detention and their condi-tions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, taking action on the following motions and amendments proposed thereto: 
                                                                                 Pages S174–S185 
Pending: McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the bill.
                                                Page S174 
McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the bill, with McConnell Amendment No. 1870 (to the House Amendment to the bill), to change the enactment date.
                                    Page S174 
McConnell Amendment No. 1871 (to Amend-ment No. 1870), of a perfecting nature.
         Page S174 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By 60 yeas to 38 nays (Vote No. 11), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on McConnell motion to con-cur in the amendment of the House to the bill. 
                                                                                              Page S180 
McConnell motion to refer the message of the House on the bill to the Committee on the Judici-ary, with instructions, McConnell Amendment No. 1872, to change the enactment date, fell when clo-ture was invoked on the bill.
                   Pages S174, S180 McConnell Amendment No. 1873 (to (the in-structions) Amendment No. 1872), of a perfecting nature, fell when McConnell motion to refer the message of the House on the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary, with instructions, McConnell Amendment No. 1872 (listed above) fell. 
                                                                                Pages S174, S180 
McConnell Amendment No. 1874 (to Amend-ment No. 1873), of a perfecting nature, fell when McConnell Amendment No. 1873 (to (the instruc-tions) Amendment No. 1872) (listed above) fell. 
                                                                                Pages S174, S180 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of McConnell mo-tion to concur in the amendment of the House to the bill, post-cloture, at approximately 10 a.m., on Wednesday, January 17, 2018; and that all time during recess, adjournment, morning business, and Leader remarks count post-cloture on McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the bill.
                                                                       Page S212 
Appointments: Health Information Technology Advisory Com-mittee: The Chair, on behalf of the Democratic Leader, pursuant to the provisions of Public Law 114–255, appointed the following individuals to the Health Information Technology Advisory Com-mittee: Valarie R. Grey of New York, and Aaron A. Miri of Massachusetts.
                                               Page S212 
Messages from the House:                                   Page S187 
Measures Referred:                                                   Page S187 
Measures Read the First Time:                        Page S187 
Executive Communications:                               Page S187 
Additional Cosponsors:                                  Pages S187–88 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                              Page S188 
Amendments Submitted:                         Pages S189–S211 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                      Pages S211–12 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—11)
                                                                     Page S180 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16JA8.REC D16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD38 January 16, 2018 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 4:30 p.m. and adjourned at 7:58 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Wednes-day, January 17, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S212.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
DOMESTIC AND GLOBAL ENERGY OUTLOOK OVERSIGHT Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee concluded an oversight hearing to examine the do-mestic and global energy outlook from the perspec-tive of the International Energy Agency, after receiv-ing testimony from Fatih Birol, International Energy Agency, Paris, France. DHS OVERSIGHT Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded an oversight hearing to examine the Department of Homeland Security, after receiving testimony from Kirstjen M. Nielsen, Secretary of Homeland Security. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 17 pub-lic bills, H.R. 4793–4809; and 2 resolutions, H.J. Res. 125; and H. Res. 695, were introduced. 
                                                                                      Pages H403–04 
Additional Cosponsors:                                 Pages H404–05 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: S. 117, to designate a mountain peak in the State of Montana as ‘‘Alex Diekmann Peak’’ (H. Rept. 115–516); H.R. 4279, to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to revise any rules necessary to enable closed-end companies to use the securities offering and proxy rules that are available to other issuers of securities, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–517); H. Res. 693, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3326) to increase accountability, combat corruption, and strengthen management effectiveness at the World Bank, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2954) to amend the Home Mort-gage Disclosure Act of 1975 to specify which depos-itory institutions are subject to the maintenance of records and disclosure requirements of such Act, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–518); and H. Res. 694, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4712) to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit a health care practitioner from fail-ing to exercise the proper degree of care in the case of a child who survives an abortion or attempted abortion, and providing for proceedings during the period from January 22, 2018, through January 26, 2018 (H. Rept. 115–519).
                                     Page H403 Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Arrington to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                              Page H175 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:11 p.m. and re-convened at 2 p.m.
                                                     Page H176 
Whole Number of the House: The Chair an-nounced to the House that, in light of the resigna-tion of the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Tiberi, the whole number of the House is 431.
                  Page H176 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:12 p.m. and recon-vened at 4:17 p.m.
                                                     Page H178 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by voice vote.
                    Pages H176, H396 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: American Innovation $1 Coin Act: H.R. 770, amended, to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in recognition of American innovation and significant innovation and pioneering efforts of individuals or groups from each of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the United States terri-tories, and to promote the importance of innovation in the United States, the District of Columbia, and the United States territories;
                         Pages H181–83 
Miscellaneous Tariff Bill Act of 2017: H.R. 4318, amended, to amend the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States to modify temporarily certain rates of duty, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 402 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 18; 
                                                               Pages H185–H386, H395–96 
Alex Diekmann Peak Designation Act of 2017: S. 117, to designate a mountain peak in the State 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16JA8.REC D16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D39 January 16, 2018 
of Montana as ‘‘Alex Diekmann Peak’’, by a 2⁄3yea- and-nay vote of 400 yeas to 3 nays, Roll No. 19; 
                                                                          Pages H386–87, H396 
Pershing County Economic Development and Conservation Act: H.R. 1107, amended, to promote conservation, improve public land management, and provide for sensible development in Pershing Coun-ty, Nevada;
                                                             Pages H387–92 
Poarch Band of Creek Indians Land Reaffirma-tion Act: H.R. 1532, to reaffirm that certain land has been taken into trust for the benefit of the Poarch Band of Creek Indians; and
            Pages H392–94 
Authorizing the Mayor of the District of Colum-bia and the Director of the National Park Service to enter into cooperative management agreements for the operation, maintenance, and management of units of the National Park System in the Dis-trict of Columbia: H.R. 2897, to authorize the Mayor of the District of Columbia and the Director of the National Park Service to enter into coopera-tive management agreements for the operation, maintenance, and management of units of the Na-tional Park System in the District of Columbia. 
                                                                                      Pages H394–95 
Recess: The House recessed at 5:41 p.m. and recon-vened at 6:30 p.m.
                                                     Page H395 
Committee Resignation: Read a letter from Rep-resentative LaHood wherein he resigned from the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology and the Committee on Natural Resources.
              Page H397 
Committee Elections: The House agreed to H. Res. 695, electing Members to certain standing commit-tees of the House of Representatives.
                Page H397 
Japan-United States Friendship Commission— Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Member on the part of the House to the Japan-United States Friendship Commission: Representative Hill.
                      Page H397 
Recess: The House recessed at 7:51 p.m. and recon-vened at 8:36 p.m.
                                                     Page H401 
Suspensions—Proceedings Postponed: The House debated the following measures under suspension of the rules. Further proceedings were postponed. Family Self-Sufficiency Act: H.R. 4258, amend-ed, to promote the development of local strategies to coordinate use of assistance under sections 8 and 9 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 with pub-lic and private resources, to enable eligible families to achieve economic independence and self-suffi-ciency; and
                                                              Pages H178–81 
Expanding Investment Opportunities Act: H.R. 4279, amended, to direct the Securities and Ex-change Commission to revise any rules necessary to enable closed-end companies to use the securities of-fering and proxy rules that are available to other issuers of securities.                                            Pages H183–85 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appear on pages H177–78. Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H395–96 and H396. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 8:37 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
HOME MORTGAGE DISCLOSURE ADJUSTMENT ACT; WORLD BANK ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2017; BORN- ALIVE ABORTION SURVIVORS PROTECTION ACT Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 2954, the ‘‘Home Mortgage Disclosure Adjust-ment Act’’; H.R. 3326, the ‘‘World Bank Account-ability Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 4712, the ‘‘Born- Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act’’. The Com-mittee granted, by record vote of 8–4, a structured rule for H.R. 3326. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Financial Services. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule makes in order as original text for the purpose of amendment the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Fi-nancial Services now printed in the bill and provides that it shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute. The rule makes in order only those further amendments printed in part A of the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amend-ments printed in the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. In section 2, the rule provides for consideration of H.R. 2954 under a closed rule. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16JA8.REC D16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD40 January 16, 2018 
Financial Services. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Financial Serv-ices now printed in the bill, modified by the amend-ment printed in part B of the Rules Committee re-port, shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. The Com-mittee granted, by record vote of 8–4, a closed rule for H.R. 4712. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the bill shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill. The rule provides one motion to recommit. In section 2, the rule provides that on any legislative day during the period from January 22, 2018, through January 26, 2018: the Journal of the proceedings of the pre-vious day shall be considered as approved; and the Chair may at any time declare the House adjourned to meet at a date and time to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjournment. In section 3, the rule provides that the Speaker may appoint Members to perform the duties of the Chair for the duration of the period addressed by section 2. Testimony was heard from Chairman Goodlatte, and Representatives Nadler, Barr, and Moore. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D28) 
H.R. 381, to designate a mountain in the John Muir Wilderness of the Sierra National Forest as ‘‘Sky Point’’. Signed on January 10, 2018. (Public Law 115–109) H.R. 699, to amend the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 to modify provisions relat-ing to certain land exchanges in the Mt. Hood Wil-derness in the State of Oregon. Signed on January 10, 2018. (Public Law 115–110) H.R. 863, to facilitate the addition of park ad-ministration at the Coltsville National Historical Park. Signed on January 10, 2018. (Public Law 115–111) H.R. 2142, to improve the ability of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection to interdict fentanyl, other synthetic opioids, and other narcotics and psychoactive substances that are illegally imported into the United States. Signed on January 10, 2018. (Public Law 115–112) H.R. 2228, to provide support for law enforce-ment agency efforts to protect the mental health and well-being of law enforcement officers. Signed on January 10, 2018. (Public Law 115–113) H.R. 2331, to require a new or updated Federal website that is intended for use by the public to be mobile friendly. Signed on January 10, 2018. (Pub-lic Law 115–114) f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 17, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: busi- ness meeting to consider the nominations of Jerome H. Powell, of Maryland, to be Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, Randal Quarles, of Colorado, to be a Member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, Brian D. Montgomery, of Texas, and Robert Hunter Kurtz, of Virginia, both to be an Assistant Secretary of Housing and Urban Develop-ment, and David J. Ryder, of New Jersey, to be Director of the Mint, Department of the Treasury; to be imme-diately followed by a hearing to examine combating money laundering and other forms of illicit finance, fo-cusing on Administration perspectives on reforming and strengthening Bank Secrecy Act enforcement, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: to hold hearings to examine terrorism and social media, 10 a.m., SR–253. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Water and Power, to hold hearings to examine the Bureau of Reclamation’s title transfer process and poten-tial benefits to Federal and non-Federal stakeholders, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Environment and Public Works: to hold hear-ings to examine America’s water infrastructure needs and challenges, focusing on Federal panel perspectives, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Finance: business meeting to consider the nominations of Alex Michael Azar II, of Indiana, to be Secretary of Health and Human Services, and Kevin K. McAleenan, of Hawaii, to be Commissioner of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection, Department of Homeland Security; to be immediately followed by a hearing to ex-amine the nominations of Dennis Shea, of Virginia, to be a Deputy United States Trade Representative (Geneva Of-fice), with the rank of Ambassador, and C. J. Mahoney, of Kansas, to be a Deputy United States Trade Represent-ative (Investment, Services, Labor, Environment, Africa, China, and the Western Hemisphere), with the rank of Ambassador, 10 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to hold hearings to examine facing 21st century public 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16JA8.REC D16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D41 January 16, 2018 health threats, focusing on our nation’s preparedness and response capabilities, 10 a.m., SD–430. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: to hold hearings to examine Medicaid and the opioid epi-demic, focusing on unintended consequences, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on Indian Affairs: to hold an oversight hear-ing to examine breaking new ground in agribusiness op-portunities in Indian Country, 2:30 p.m., SD–628. Committee on Judiciary: Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism, to hold hearings to examine the long-term care needs of first responders injured in the line of duty, 2:30 p.m., SD–226. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: to hold hearings to exam-ine the state of the Department of Veterans Affairs, focus-ing on a progress report on implementing 2017 Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs reform legislation, 2 p.m., SR–418. Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold hearings to exam-ine the nominations of Michael K. Atkinson, of Mary-land, to be Inspector General of the Intelligence Commu-nity, and Jason Klitenic, of Maryland, to be General Counsel, both of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, 11:30 a.m., SH–216. 
House 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Health, markup on H.R. 1876, the ‘‘Good Samaritan Health Professionals Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2026, the ‘‘Pharmaceutical Information Exchange Act’’; and legisla-tion on the Over-the-Counter Monograph Safety, Innova-tion, and Reform Act of 2018, 11:30 a.m., 2123 Ray-burn. Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 1264, the ‘‘Community Financial Institution Ex-emption Act’’; H.R. 1426, the ‘‘Federal Savings Associa-tion Charter Flexibility Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2226, the ‘‘Portfolio Lending and Mortgage Access Act’’; H.R. 2255, the ‘‘Housing Opportunities Made Easier Act’’; H.R. 2319, the ‘‘Consumer Financial Choice and Capital Markets Protection Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3746, the ‘‘Busi-ness of Insurance Regulatory Reform Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4061, the ‘‘Financial Stability Oversight Council Im-provement Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4550, the ‘‘Practice of Law Technical Clarification Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4566, the ‘‘Alleviating Stress Test Burdens to Help Investors Act’’; H.R. 4607, the ‘‘Comprehensive Regulatory Review Act’’; H.R. 4725, the ‘‘Community Bank Reporting Re-lief Act’’; H.R. 4738, the ‘‘Mutual Fund Litigation Re-form Act’’; H.R. 4768, the ‘‘National Strategy for Com-bating the Financing of Transnational Criminal Organiza-tions Act’’; H.R. 4771, the ‘‘Small Bank Holding Com-pany Relief Act of 2018’’; H.R. 4790, the ‘‘Volcker Rule Regulatory Harmonization Act’’; H.R. 4785, the ‘‘Amer-ican Customer Information Protection Act’’; and H.R. 4792, the ‘‘Small Business Access to Capital After a Nat-ural Disaster Act’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on Ter-rorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade; and Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, joint hearing entitled ‘‘More Than a Nuclear Threat: North Korea’s Chemical, Biologi-cal, and Conventional Weapons’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Cy-bersecurity and Infrastructure Protection, hearing entitled ‘‘CDM, the Future of Federal Cybersecurity?’’, 2 p.m., HVC–210. Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 4170, the ‘‘Disclosing Foreign Influence Act’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Full Committee, begin markup on H.R. 146, the ‘‘Eastern Band Cherokee His-toric Lands Reacquisition Act’’; H.R. 443, the ‘‘James K. Polk Presidential Home Study Act’’; H.R. 553, to redes-ignate Gravelly Point Park, located along the George Washington Memorial Parkway in Arlington County, Virginia, as the Nancy Reagan Memorial Park, and for other purposes; H.R. 805, the ‘‘Tulare Youth Recreation and Women’s History Enhancement Act’’; H.R. 1417, the ‘‘National Law Enforcement Museum Exhibits Act’’; H.R. 2987, the ‘‘21st Century Conservation Service Corps Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3058, ‘‘Gateway Arch National Park Designation Act’’; H.R. 3225, the ‘‘Oregon Tribal Eco-nomic Development Act’’; and H.R. 3961, the ‘‘Kis-simmee River Wild and Scenic River Study Act of 2017’’, 10:15 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Subcommittee on Indian, Insular and Alaska Native Affairs, hearing on H.R. 4506, the ‘‘Jobs for Tribes Act’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Sub- committee on National Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Battle-field Successes and Challenges—Recent Efforts to Win the War against ISIS’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Rules, Subcommittee on Rules and Organi-zation of the House, hearing entitled ‘‘Members’ Day Hearing on Article I: Effective Oversight and the Power of the Purse’’, 10:30 a.m., H–313 Capitol. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee on Space, hearing entitled ‘‘An Update on NASA Com-mercial Crew Systems Development’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Ray-burn. Committee on Small Business, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Strengthening SBA’s 7(a) Loan Program’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Sub- committee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation, hearing entitled ‘‘The State of the U.S. Flag Maritime In-dustry’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Denver Replacement Medical Center: Light at the End of the Tunnel?’’, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, Subcommittee on Over-sight, hearing entitled ‘‘The Opioid Crisis: The Current Landscape and CMS Actions to Prevent Opioid Misuse’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16JA8.REC D16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD42 January 16, 2018 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of January 17 through January 19, 2018 Senate Chamber On Wednesday, Senate will continue consideration of McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to S. 139, FISA Amendments Reau-thorization Act, post-cloture. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Armed Services: January 18, to hold hear-ings to examine the nominations of Michael D. Griffin, of Alabama, to be Under Secretary for Research and Engi-neering, Phyllis L. Bayer, of Mississippi, to be an Assist-ant Secretary of the Navy, and John Henderson, of South Dakota, and William Roper, of Georgia, each to be an Assistant Secretary of the Air Force, all of the Depart-ment of Defense, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Janu- ary 17, business meeting to consider the nominations of Jerome H. Powell, of Maryland, to be Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, Randal Quarles, of Colorado, to be a Member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, Brian D. Montgomery, of Texas, and Robert Hunter Kurtz, of Virginia, both to be an Assistant Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, and David J. Ryder, of New Jersey, to be Director of the Mint, Department of the Treasury; to be immediately followed by a hearing to ex-amine combating money laundering and other forms of illicit finance, focusing on Administration perspectives on reforming and strengthening Bank Secrecy Act enforce-ment, 10 a.m., SD–538. January 18, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States reform, focusing on examining the essential ele-ments, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Janu- ary 17, to hold hearings to examine terrorism and social media, 10 a.m., SR–253. January 18, Full Committee, business meeting to con-sider the nominations of Leon A. Westmoreland, of Geor-gia, to be a Director of the Amtrak Board of Directors, Barry Lee Myers, of Pennsylvania, to be Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere, Diana Furchtgott-Roth, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Sec-retary of Transportation, Brendan Carr, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Federal Communications Commission, James Bridenstine, of Oklahoma, to be Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and Ann Marie Buerkle, of New York, to be a Commissioner, and to be Chairman, and Dana Baiocco, of Ohio, to be a Commissioner, both of the Consumer Product Safety Commission, 11 a.m., SH–216. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: January 17, Subcommittee on Water and Power, to hold hearings to examine the Bureau of Reclamation’s title transfer process and potential benefits to Federal and non-Federal stake-holders, 10 a.m., SD–366. January 18, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine the nominations of Melissa F. Burnison, of Kentucky, to be an Assistant Secretary (Congressional and Intergov-ernmental Affairs), and Anne Marie White, of Michigan, to be an Assistant Secretary (Environmental Manage-ment), both of the Department of Energy, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Environment and Public Works: January 17, to hold hearings to examine America’s water infrastruc-ture needs and challenges, focusing on Federal panel per-spectives, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Finance: January 17, business meeting to consider the nominations of Alex Michael Azar II, of In-diana, to be Secretary of Health and Human Services, and Kevin K. McAleenan, of Hawaii, to be Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Department of Homeland Security; to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine the nominations of Dennis Shea, of Virginia, to be a Deputy United States Trade Representa-tive (Geneva Office), with the rank of Ambassador, and C. J. Mahoney, of Kansas, to be a Deputy United States Trade Representative (Investment, Services, Labor, Envi-ronment, Africa, China, and the Western Hemisphere), with the rank of Ambassador, 10 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: January 18, business meeting to consider the nomination of Samuel Dale Brownback, of Kansas, to be Ambassador at Large for International Religious Freedom, Department of State, 10:30 a.m., S–116, Capitol. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Jan- uary 17, to hold hearings to examine facing 21st century public health threats, focusing on our nation’s prepared-ness and response capabilities, 10 a.m., SD–430. January 18, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine reauthorizing the Higher Education Act, focusing on financial aid simplification and transparency, 10 a.m., SD–430. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: January 17, to hold hearings to examine Medicaid and the opioid epidemic, focusing on unintended con-sequences, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on Indian Affairs: January 17, to hold an oversight hearing to examine breaking new ground in ag-ribusiness opportunities in Indian Country, 2:30 p.m., SD–628. Committee on Judiciary: January 17, Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism, to hold hearings to examine the long-term care needs of first responders injured in the line of duty, 2:30 p.m., SD–226. January 18, Full Committee, business meeting to con-sider the nominations of Elizabeth L. Branch, of Georgia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Cir-cuit, Stuart Kyle Duncan, of Louisiana, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit, David Ryan Stras, of Minnesota, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eighth Circuit, Annemarie Carney Axon, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Alabama, R. Stan Baker, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Georgia, Jeffrey 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16JA8.REC D16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D43 January 16, 2018 Uhlman Beaverstock, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Alabama, Liles Clifton Burke, to be United States District Judge for the Northern Dis-trict of Alabama, Thomas Alvin Farr, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of North Carolina, Charles Barnes Goodwin, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Oklahoma, Michael Jo-seph Juneau, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Louisiana, Matthew J. Kacsmaryk, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Texas, Emily Coody Marks, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Middle District of Alabama, Terry Fitzgerald Moorer, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Alabama, Mark Saalfield Norris, Sr., to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Tennessee, William M. Ray II, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Geor-gia, Eli Jeremy Richardson, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Tennessee, Holly Lou Teeter, to be United States District Judge for the District of Kansas, and Brian Allen Benczkowski, of Virginia, Jef-frey Bossert Clark, of Virginia, and Eric S. Dreiband, of Maryland, each to be an Assistant Attorney General, John H. Durham, to be United States Attorney for the District of Connecticut, Michael T. Baylous, to be United States Marshal for the Southern District of West Virginia, and Daniel R. McKittrick, to be United States Marshal for the Northern District of Mississippi, all of the Depart-ment of Justice, 10 a.m., SD–226. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: January 17, to hold hear-ings to examine the state of the Department of Veterans Affairs, focusing on a progress report on implementing 2017 Department of Veterans Affairs reform legislation, 2 p.m., SR–418. Select Committee on Intelligence: January 17, to hold hear-ings to examine the nominations of Michael K. Atkinson, of Maryland, to be Inspector General of the Intelligence Community, and Jason Klitenic, of Maryland, to be Gen-eral Counsel, both of the Office of the Director of Na-tional Intelligence, 11:30 a.m., SH–216. January 18, Full Committee, to receive a closed brief-ing on certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
House Committees 
Committee on Armed Services, January 18, Subcommittee on Readiness; and Subcommittee on Seapower and Projec-tion Forces, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Surface Warfare: At a Crossroads’’, 3:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, January 18, Sub-committee on Digital Commerce and Consumer Protec-tion, hearing entitled ‘‘Disrupter Series: The Internet of Things, Manufacturing and Innovation’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. January 18, Subcommittee on Environment, hearing entitled ‘‘Modernizing the Superfund Cleanup Program’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. January 19, Subcommittee on Oversight and Investiga-tions, hearing entitled ‘‘Safety of the U.S. Food Supply: Continuing Concerns Over the Food and Drug Adminis-tration’s Food-Recall Process’’, 9 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. January 19, Subcommittee on Energy, hearing entitled ‘‘Legislation Addressing LNG Exports and PURPA Mod-ernization’’, 9:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, January 18, Sub-committee on Counterterrorism and Intelligence, hearing entitled ‘‘Combating Transnational Gangs Through Infor-mation Sharing’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. January 18, Subcommittee on Transportation and Pro-tective Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Innovation at TSA: Ex-amining Threat Mitigation Through Technology Acquisi-tions Reform’’, 2 p.m., HVC–210. Committee on Natural Resources, January 18, Full Com-mittee, continue markup on H.R. 146, the ‘‘Eastern Band Cherokee Historic Lands Reacquisition Act’’; H.R. 443, the ‘‘James K. Polk Presidential Home Study Act’’; H.R. 553, to redesignate Gravelly Point Park, located along the George Washington Memorial Parkway in Arlington County, Virginia, as the Nancy Reagan Memorial Park, and for other purposes; H.R. 805, the ‘‘Tulare Youth Recreation and Women’s History Enhancement Act’’; H.R. 1417, the ‘‘National Law Enforcement Museum Ex-hibits Act’’; H.R. 2987, the ‘‘21st Century Conservation Service Corps Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3058, ‘‘Gateway Arch National Park Designation Act’’; H.R. 3225, the ‘‘Or-egon Tribal Economic Development Act’’; and H.R. 3961, the ‘‘Kissimmee River Wild and Scenic River Study Act of 2017’’, 9 a.m., 1324 Longworth. January 18, Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Re-sources, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Department of the Interior’s Actions to Eliminate Onshore Energy Bur-dens’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. January 19, Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Re-sources, hearing entitled ‘‘Deficiencies in the Permitting Process for Offshore Seismic Research’’, 9 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Rules, January 18, Full Committee, hear-ing entitled ‘‘Article I: Effective Oversight and the Power of the Purse’’ [ORIGINAL JURISDICTION HEAR-ING], 10:30 a.m., H–313 Capitol. Committee on Small Business, January 18, Subcommittee on Agriculture, Energy, and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘En-gaging Energy: Small Business Resources at the Depart-ment of Energy’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, January 18, Subcommittee on Water Resources and Environment, hearing entitled ‘‘America’s Water Resources Infrastruc-ture: Approaches to Enhanced Project Delivery’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, January 18, Sub-committee on Health; and Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Addressing Veteran Homelessness: Current Position; Future Course’’, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, January 18, Full Committee, business meeting on the public release of a Committee transcript, 9 a.m., HVC–304. This meet-ing will be closed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16JA8.REC D16JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD44 January 16, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Wednesday, January 17 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to S. 139, FISA Amendments Reauthoriza-tion Act, post-cloture. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Wednesday, January 17 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Consideration of H.R. 2954—Home Mortgage Disclosure Adjustment Act (Sub-ject to a Rule). Consideration of H.R. 3326—World Bank Accountability Act of 2017 (Subject to a Rule). Consideration of measures under suspension of the Rules. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Adams, Alma S., N.C., E44 Aderholt, Robert B., Ala., E45 Banks, Jim, Ind., E49 Bordallo, Madeleine Z., Guam, E47 Dent, Charles W., Pa., E47 Donovan, Daniel M., Jr, N.Y., E45 Evans, Dwigt, Pa., E43 Gowdy, Trey, S.C., E46 Graves, Sam, Mo., E43, E44, E44 Johnson, Henry C. ‘‘Hank’’, Jr., Ga., E44, E44, E46, E46, E47, E49, E49, E50 Kind, Ron, Wisc., E49 King, Steve, Iowa, E46 LaHood, Darin, Ill., E48, E49 Long, Billy, Mo., E49 Matsui, Doris O., Calif., E48 Mooney, Alexander X., W.Va., E44 Nolan, Richard M., Minn., E44 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E47 Poe, Ted, Tex., E45 Richmond, Cedric L., La., E45 Rogers, Mike, Ala., E50 Rooney, Francis, Fla., E46 Thompson, Bennie G., Miss., E43 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Jan 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D16JA8.REC D16JAPT1