Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H1077 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 2018 No. 28 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. M
EADOWS ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, February 13, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable M
ARK M
EADOWS to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 8, 2018, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 1:50 p.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
MR. SYED JAMAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. C
LEAVER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CLEAVER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remind my colleagues and the American public about what is hap-pening to families around this country and why this Congress must enact com-prehensive immigration reform as quickly as possible. Syed Jamal is the father of three, a husband, and a chemistry professor from Bangladesh who has lived in the United States for 30 years. He had over-stayed his visa but had been checking in periodically with Immigration and Customs Enforcement, ICE, as he was told to do. But on January 24, as he was getting ready to take his kids to school, ICE officers pulled up, put him in handcuffs, and arrested him. As was talked about this morning on most of the stations, they threatened his children that they too would be ar-rested if they tried to hug him good- bye. He was detained for several weeks without the ability to contact his fam-ily. Despite his lawyers’, the commu-nity’s, and my efforts, he was set to be deported yesterday. He was on his way to Bangladesh, where he probably would have been killed, when an emer-gency appeal was successful. He was re-leased in Hawaii but is still in limbo. I will be working across party lines with Representative JENKINS to see a pathway to citizenship for Mr. Jamal and his wife. I am calling on ICE to bring Mr. Jamal home to be with his family while the court decides his case. Over 96,000 people have signed a peti-tion to stop his deportation. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE BUCKS COUNTY OPPORTUNITY COUNCIL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Bucks County Opportunity Council for their commitment to serving members of our community. The Opportunity Council will be offering free income tax preparation assistance to low-income residents of Bucks County through its Volunteer Income Tax Assistance pro-gram. Trained and certified volunteers will be available in Levittown, Warminster, Quakertown, and Newtown between February 1 and April 15 to serve as many members of the community as possible. Individuals and families with a combined income of $54,000 or less are eligible for assistance through the pro-gram. Volunteer tax preparers receive training and need to pass an exam to be certified. Others can assist in sup-port roles such as greeting visitors and scheduling. The program is sponsored by the IRS and supported locally by the Bucks County Foundation, KeyBank Founda-tion, and First National Bank & Trust of Newtown. Mr. Speaker, we offer our thanks to the Bucks County Opportunity Council for all they do for our community. f 
A SAFE HARBOR FOR HOMEOWNERS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. C
OURTNEY ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, last Tuesday, the IRS and the Department of the Treasury issued a ruling which was good news for folks who live in north central and eastern Connecticut as well as western Massachusetts. In a nutshell, what the IRS did was extend a property casualty loss deduction for homeowners who had foundations built over the last 20 years from material from a quarry which contained a metal substance called pyrrhotite which, when exposed to moisture over time, spiderweb cracks and, in fact, the houses are subject to full collapse. I have here a photograph which shows, again, a contractor who was re-pairing one of the foundations of an af-fected home which shows, again, how fragile the concrete foundation be-comes as a result of this condition. Last year, the IRS issued a ruling that said that homeowners who make the repairs—which can cost up to $150,000 to $200,000 because, again, you have to lift the house, pull out the old 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:12 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE7.000 H13FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1078 February 13, 2018 
foundation, pour a new foundation, and relower the house on top of it—would at least be able to get a deduction under an IRS deduction provision that goes back decades, the property cas-ualty loss provision, which was good news. Unfortunately, in the tax bill which was signed into law by President Trump in December, one of its most boneheaded provisions actually nar-rowed the scope of the property cas-ualty loss to only those property cases which happened in an area that has been declared a federally declared dis-aster, which, again, because this, so far, FEMA has ruled is as a result of a manmade product, concrete, does not qualify for that FEMA designation. Thankfully, we have some out-standing people at the IRS, Assistant Secretary of the Treasury David Kautter, who, again, looked at the tax bill that was signed into law and basi-cally issued the ruling on Tuesday that allows, at least for the next 3 years, homeowners to claim this deduction, again, using an amended return for 2017, as a way of getting the full benefit before the tax bill steps in in 2020 and eliminates this avenue of relief. This was a provision which never be-longed in the tax bill. It affects a much broader cross section of Americans, not just folks from homes with crumbling foundations who are not in declared disaster areas. I know that members on the House Ways and Means Committee, particu-larly Congressman R
ICHIE NEAL, are very focused in terms of trying to fix this really harmful provision that pro-vides almost zero tax savings to the Federal budget but causes huge harm to homeowners like the ones in Con-necticut and western Massachusetts. Again, Congressman N
EAL, Congress-man L
ARSON , and I have been working with the IRS over the last 19 months to get this safe harbor for homeowners to be able to get the benefit of this provi-sion. I want to thank the folks at IRS and Treasury for their ruling on Tuesday that at least allowed another 3-year window for people who are totally in-nocent victims who, because of the way insurance policies are structured, can-not, in most instances, get property casualty loss coverage for this type of loss to at least be able to soften the blow with this deduction. Mr. Speaker, included in the bipar-tisan budget agreement which passed at 5 o’clock in the morning last Friday was a provision that did not receive a great deal of attention but actually will provide a great deal of relief, par-ticularly for America’s seniors. In par-ticular, it reduced and narrowed the size of the doughnut hole for seniors who use the Medicare part D prescrip-tion drug program. As many may recall, in 2003, when the Medicare prescription drug benefit was first created, it had a doughnut hole that basically said that seniors who signed up for Medicare part D after $2,000 of benefits for prescription drugs covered under the law would then have to pay a full 100 percent de-ductible until their prescription drug costs reached $5,000. It was like buying a car, making a monthly payment, and then after 2,000 miles having to get out and walk for the next 3,000 miles until you again hit the trigger for the dough-nut hole to kick back in for coverage. When we passed the Affordable Care Act in 2010, we started the process of narrowing that doughnut hole, again, by 50 percent in year 1. It was again up to 35 percent in 2017, and the bill that passed on Friday night will actually do the final step to eliminate the dough-nut hole entirely in 2019. The really impressive part of that provision is that narrowing is not going to be paid for by the taxpayer. The pharmaceutical companies are the ones who will have to bear the brunt of narrowing that cost so that seniors will again have huge savings in the scope of thousands of dollars because of that provision. Again, this is an example of where the bipartisan work that was done on that budget bill actually resulted in a very concrete, tangible benefit for America’s seniors. I think that will be welcome news for those who are bear-ing the high cost of prescription drugs. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 9 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. S
IMPSON ) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Loving God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. As we meditate on all the blessings of life, we especially pray for the blessing of peace in our lives and in our world. May Your special blessings be upon the Members of this assembly as they re-turn from a long weekend in their home districts. Give them wisdom and charity, that they might work together for the common good. May all that is done this day in the people’s House be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. S
CHNEI -
DER) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. SCHNEIDER led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF RON PARISH (Mr. HULTGREN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, on Saturday morning, Ron Parish of Yorkville, Illinois, passed from the lov-ing arms of his wife, Becky, into the open arms of Jesus. Ron was a lifelong salesman whose career included RC Cola, Nabisco, McCormick spice company, and more. After he retired, he faithfully served our community’s homeless at Kendall County PADS. Ron’s people skills served him well in business and in his relationships. He was always reaching out to friends and strangers alike. He would ask how they are doing, how he could help, and he was always pointing them to Jesus. In fact, Ron and Becky introduced my family to their church, Harvest New Beginnings, and they were the very first to greet us on that God-or-dained day 3 years ago when we first visited Harvest New Beginnings. It has become our home church. Ron was 75 years old and is survived by Becky; two children, Ron, Jr., and Rhonda; four grandchildren; three great-grandchildren; and many other relatives and friends. I know you are smiling down on us now, Ron. Well done, good and faithful servant. 
f 
IMPROVE MONITORING OF FOREIGN INTERFERENCE (Mr. SCHNEIDER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, today, the heads of our intelligence agencies are testifying in the Senate with a unanimous and stark warning: Russia’s meddling in 2016 was not an isolated incident, our midterm elec-tions remain vulnerable, and Putin is targeting the 2018 elections. ‘‘The United States is under attack,’’ said Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats. Russia’s actions demand a serious re-sponse, both to hold our attackers ac-countable and to deter future inter-ference. Remarkably, President Trump 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:12 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.003 H13FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1079 February 13, 2018 
and his administration have proved un-willing to act. We must do better. I am proud to join with my friend and colleague, I
LEANA ROS-LEHTINEN , to introduce the DETER Act in the House. This bicameral, bipartisan leg-islation, introduced in the Senate by C
HRIS VANHOLLEN and M ARCO RUBIO, will improve our monitoring of foreign interference and impose immediate and severe sanctions when such actions are identified. It is an important step to ensure the integrity of every Ameri-can’s vote. Protecting our elections is a national concern superseding party and politics. As we approach the next national elec-tion in less than 9 months, we must work together and we must act now. I urge my colleagues to support the DETER Act to secure our elections this year and beyond. 
f 
AMERICANS VIEW MEDIA NEGATIVELY (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Gallup recently polled Americans on their perceptions of the news media. The poll revealed that 43 percent of Americans have a negative view of the media, 10 percent more than who have a positive view. Two-thirds said that the news media does not do a good job of separating fact from fiction. More than half said they couldn’t think of one objective news source. These are remarkable findings and yet unsurprising. The liberal news media has abandoned objective, fact- based reporting and is, instead, pushing a liberal agenda. Their partisan-driven news only tells one side of the story: their side. The liberal media has made it their mission to attack the Presi-dent and Republicans on a daily basis at the expense of the facts. Americans know it when they see it. This is a liberal, partisan agenda masquerading as journalism. Until the news returns to objective reporting, Americans will continue to view them negatively. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 4 of rule I, the following enrolled bills were signed by the Speaker on Friday, February 9, 2018: H.R. 582, to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to require multi-line telephone systems to have a configura-tion that permits users to directly ini-tiate a call to 9–1-1 without dialing any additional digit, code, prefix, or post- fix, and for other purposes; H.R. 1301, making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes; H.R. 1892, to amend title 4, United States Code, to provide for the flying of the flag at half-staff in the event of the death of a first responder in the line of duty; S. 1438, to redesignate the Jefferson National Expansion Memorial in the State of Missouri as the ‘‘Gateway Arch National Park’’. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, February 9, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, The Capitol, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, I have the honor to transmit a sealed envelope received from the White House on February 9, 2018 at 10:19 a.m., said to contain a message from the President whereby he submits a notice continuing the national emergency with respect to Libya. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, R
OBERT F. R EEVES , Deputy Clerk of the House. f 
CONTINUATION OF THE NATIONAL EMERGENCY WITH RESPECT TO LIBYA—MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 115–93) The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed: To the Congress of the United States: Section 202(d) of the National Emer-gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency unless, within 90 days before the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the enclosed notice stating that the na-tional emergency declared in Executive Order 13566 of February 25, 2011, with respect to Libya is to continue in effect beyond February 25, 2018. Colonel Muammar Qadhafi, his gov-ernment, and close associates took ex-treme measures against the people of Libya, including using weapons of war, mercenaries, and wanton violence against unarmed civilians. There re-mains a serious risk that former mem-bers of the Qadhafi government, mem-bers of the Qadhafi family, the Qadhafi family’s close associates, or others de-termined to undermine the United Na-tions peace process might misappro-priate Libyan state assets. The diver-sion of these resources could prolong and deepen the current instability in Libya, which would benefit the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria and other ter-rorist groups and pose a serious risk to the national security of the United States and the security of regional partners. A strong and united Libya is the best defense against terrorism in the region. The violence among Libyans that began in Benghazi in May 2014, and spread thereafter to Tripoli and throughout the country, has desta-bilized the country. Until Libyans re-solve their underlying political divi-sions, there will remain a significant threat of civil conflict in Libya. Many of the ongoing political divisions are over power and access to Libya’s re-sources, and further destabilization is possible were sanctions to be lifted. We continue to encourage Libyans to en-gage in political dialogue and refrain from violence. Those who reject dia-logue and obstruct or undermine Libya’s democratic transition must be held accountable. While we work with the international community to iden-tify those individuals who pose a threat to Libya’s democratic transi-tion, we must also continue to ensure that appropriate sanctions remain in place. The situation in Libya continues to pose an unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security and for-eign policy of the United States, and measures are needed to protect against the diversion of assets or other abuses by members of Qadhafi’s family, their associates, and others hindering Liby-an national reconciliation. Therefore, I have determined that it is necessary to continue the national emergency with respect to Libya. D
ONALD J. T RUMP .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , February 9, 2018. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, February 9, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, I have the honor to transmit a sealed envelope received from the White House on February 9, 2018 at 10:20 a.m., said to contain a message from the President whereby he submits designations under the Balanced and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. With best wishes, I am Sincerely, R
OBERT F. R EEVES , Deputy Clerk of the House. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:02 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.005 H13FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1080 February 13, 2018 
DESIGNATION OF FUNDING AS AN EMERGENCY REQUIREMENT— MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 115–94) The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Appropriations and ordered to be printed: To the Congress of the United States: In accordance with section 21204 of division B of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 (H.R. 1892; the ‘‘Act’’), I hereby designate as emergency requirements all funding (including the transfer of funds) so designated by the Congress in the Act pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as outlined in the enclosed list of accounts. The details of this action are set forth in the enclosed memorandum from the Director of the Office of Man-agement and Budget. D
ONALD J. T RUMP .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , February 9, 2018. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, February 12, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, I have the honor to transmit a sealed envelope received from the White House on February 12, 2018, at 3:28 p.m., and said to contain a message from the President on his Fiscal Year 2019 Budget, Efficient, Effective, Accountable—An American Budget. With best wishes, I am Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS, Clerk of the House. f 
THE BUDGET MESSAGE OF THE PRESIDENT—MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 115–88) The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Appropriations and ordered to be printed: To the Congress of the United States: In one year of working together, we have laid the foundation for a new era of American Greatness. We have boost-ed economic growth, created more than two million jobs, and added nearly $5 trillion in new wealth to the stock market. Unemployment is at a 17-year low, wages are rising, and jobs are re-turning to America. Starting this month, hardworking Americans are going to see increased take home pay because of the massive tax cuts and tax reform legislation we enacted at the end of last year. America is back to winning again. A great spirit of optimism continues to sweep across our Nation. Americans can once again be truly confident that our brightest days are ahead of us. This year’s Budget builds upon our incredible successes over the past year and rests on the following pillars of re-form: Ending Wasteful Spending. The United States is laboring under the highest level of debt held by the public since shortly after the Second World War. The current fiscal path is unsustainable, and future generations deserve better. The Budget makes the hard choices needed to stop wasteful spending, lower the national debt, and focus Government on what matters most—protecting the Nation. Expanding Economic Growth and Op-portunity. The Budget continues our efforts to grow the economy, create millions of new jobs, and raise wages. To accompany our efforts to cut spend-ing and implement massive tax cuts and reforms for American families, workers, and businesses, we will con-tinue to relentlessly target unneces-sary regulations for elimination. We will also continue driving America to-ward energy dominance and making the United States a net energy ex-porter by 2026. The Budget also redefines what is possible, by putting the American economy on a path to sustainable 3- percent long-term economic growth. Over the next decade, a steady rate of 3-percent economic growth will infuse trillions of additional dollars into our economy, fueling the dreams of the American people and sustaining a new era of American Greatness. Preserving Peace Through Strength. The Budget recognizes that we con-front political, economic, and military adversaries and competitors that have required us to adjust our national secu-rity strategy. Foremost, the Budget re-builds and modernizes the military—to fulfill a core constitutional responsi-bility of the Federal Government. The Budget provides resources to enhance missile defense and to build the planes, tanks, warships, and cyber tools that the brave men and women who defend us need to deter aggression and, when necessary, to fight and win. Most im-portantly, the Budget provides funds to increase the size of our Armed Forces and to give our men and women in uni-form a well-earned pay raise. The Budget recognizes that we must deftly employ all of our tools of statecraft— diplomatic, intelligence-related, mili-tary, and economic—to compete and advance American influence. A world that supports American interests and reflects our values makes America more secure and prosperous. Building the Wall, Dismantling Transnational Criminal Organizations, and Enforcing Our Immigration Laws. The Budget reflects my Administra-tion’s serious and ongoing commitment to fully secure our border, take the fight to criminal gangs like MS–13, and make our immigration system work for Americans. The Budget provides fund-ing for a wall on our Southwest border and additional resources for law en-forcement at the Departments of Homeland Security and Justice. The Budget also funds an increase in the number of Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers, Border Patrol agents, and immigration judges to im-prove enforcement at the border and within the United States. Rebuilding our Infrastructure. World- class infrastructure is possible for the American people. Together we will build stunning new bridges, railways, waterways, tunnels, water treatment facilities, and highways. The Budget reflects a new vision for American in-frastructure that would generate $1 trillion in infrastructure investment and speed its delivery to the American people. Supporting American Working Fami-lies. Due to changes in family struc-tures, labor force composition, and par-ticipation rates, the demands on Amer-ican families have never been more complex or expensive to address. In ad-dition to the middle income tax relief achieved with the passage of tax re-form, the Budget reflects the impor-tance of investing in American work-ing families by making paid family leave available to new parents, invest-ing in effective approaches to skills training like formal apprenticeships, and maintaining Federal funding and leveraging additional State dollars for programs that help America’s working families access and afford child care. With these strategic investments, the Budget empowers Americans to thrive in our modern economy. Protecting Our Veterans. The Budget fulfills our promise and obligation to care for our veterans and their fami-lies—men and women who answered our Nation’s call for help and sacrificed so much to defend us. Our veterans have earned nothing less than the abso-lute best care and benefits after their service has ended, and the Budget pro-vides the funding necessary to treat them with the honor and respect they deserve. It is our Nation’s duty to en-sure veterans have access to the med-ical treatment they need, when they need it—and that they have a choice when it comes to their care. The Budg-et also ensures that veterans receive training and support to re-enter the workforce and find well-paying jobs. Combatting Opioid Addiction. More Americans died from drug overdoses in 2016 than those who lost their lives in the Vietnam War. Opioids caused the overwhelming majority of these deaths, which is why my Administra-tion has declared a nationwide Public Health Emergency with respect to opioids. The Budget reflects a solemn 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.008 H13FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1081 February 13, 2018 
and unshakable commitment to lib-erate communities from the scourge of opioids and drug addiction. Fighting High Medical Drug Prices. Many patients face illness that could be cured or managed with the right medical drugs. But the prices for the drugs they need are often exorbitant. Unnecessarily high drug prices force many patients to choose between going without the medicines they need or making tremendous financial sac-rifices. In addition, taxpayers all too often are left to pay inflated prices for drugs for patients who obtain them through Government programs. The Budget proposes new strategies to ad-dress high drug prices and increase ac-cess to drugs by addressing perverse payment incentives and exposing drug companies to more aggressive competi-tion, all while continuing to promote innovation and extend American domi-nance in the pharmaceutical field. Moving from Welfare to Work. Mil-lions of our fellow Americans have been robbed of the dignity and inde-pendence that comes through the op-portunity to work. Despite significant economic improvements and a strong recovery in the job market, enrollment in welfare programs remains stub-bornly high in many places around the Nation. Millions of Americans are in a tragic state of dependency on a welfare system that does not reward work, and in many cases, pays people not to work. These programs, expanded dur-ing the previous administration, must now be reformed. While moving able- bodied Americans back into the work-force, welfare reform must also protect public resources for the truly needy, especially the low-income elderly, chil-dren, and Americans with disabilities. The Budget includes sensible reforms to problems in our current welfare sys-tem, and aims to end debilitating de-pendency while ensuring that our safe-ty net is reserved for those Americans who truly need help. More Pathways to Affordable Edu-cation and Well-Paying Jobs. The Budget takes important steps to ex-pand opportunities for Americans to access affordable, employment-rel-evant education that puts them on the path to a well-paying job and, ulti-mately, a fulfilling career. The Budget promotes formal apprenticeships, an evidence-based system that allows in-dividuals to ‘‘earn-while they learn.’’ The Budget also makes important in-vestments in science, technology, engi-neering, and mathematics (STEM) edu-cation in K–12 schools, and supports ca-reer and technical education in high schools and postsecondary institutions. Promoting School Choice. So many of America’s poorest children—espe-cially African-American and Hispanic children—attend failing public schools that afford them little hope of ful-filling their great potential. That is why families should be free to choose the public, private, charter, magnet, religious, or home school option that is right for them. The Budget empowers parents, especially of our disadvan-taged youth, to choose the very best school for their children. The Budget reflects our commitment to the safety, prosperity, and security of the American people. The more room our economy has to grow, and the more American companies are freed from constricting over-regulation, the stronger and safer we become as a Na-tion. It is now up to the Congress to act. I pledge my full cooperation in unleashing the incredible and unparal-leled potential of the American people. There is no limit to the promise of America when we keep our commit-ments to our fellow Americans and continue to put their interests first. Working together, we will do just that. D
ONALD J. T RUMP .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , February 2018. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 3:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 20 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1530 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
ILSON of South Caro-lina) at 3 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or votes objected to under clause 6 of rule XX. The House will resume proceedings on postponed questions at a later time. 
f 
LEXINGTON VA HEALTH CARE SYSTEM Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4533) to designate the health care system of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs in Lexington, Kentucky, as the ‘‘Lexington VA Health Care Sys-tem’’ and to make certain other des-ignations, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4533 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1)(A) Private First Class Franklin Runyon Sousley was born on September 19, 1925, in Hilltop, Kentucky. Sousley served as a ma-rine in the United States Marine Corps dur-ing the period beginning on January 5, 1944, and ending March 21, 1945. Sousley graduated from Fleming County High School in May 1943 and chose to enlist in the United States Marine Corps. Upon completion of military basic training, he was assigned to Company E, 2d Battalion, 28th Marines, of the 5th Ma-rines Division at Camp Pendleton, Cali-fornia, as an automatic rifleman. (B) Private Sousley was promoted to a pri-vate first class on November 22, 1944. Pfc. Sousley landed on Iwo Jima on Friday, Feb-ruary 19, 1945, and actively fought in the bat-tle for the islands. During the intense fight-ing, members of the United States Armed Forces secured Mount Suribachi and hoisted a United States flag on top of the summit on February 23, 1945. On February 23, 1945, Pfc. Sousley, alongside Corporal Harlon Block, HM John Bradley, Pfc. Rene Gagnon, Pfc. Ira Hayes, and Sergeant Michael Strank fol-lowed orders to raise a larger United States flag so it could be seen over the island. The iconic photograph taken of the 6 men, while they raised the United States flag attached to a heavy Japanese pipe has led to an im-mortalized symbol of American bravery, per-severance, and sacrifice endured by members of the United States Armed Forces during the intense battles of World War II. Pfc. Sousley was killed in combat by a Japanese sniper around Kitano Point on March 21, 1945. (C) Originally buried in the 5th Marine Di-vision Cemetery at Iwo Jima in plot 9, row 8, grave 2189, on March 22, 1945, his remains were returned to the United States on May 8, 1947, where he was finally laid to rest at Elizaville Cemetery in Fleming County, Ken-tucky. Pfc. Sousley was posthumously awarded the Purple Heart, the Combat Ac-tion Ribbon, the Presidential Unit Citation with 5⁄16″ Silver Star, the American Cam-paign Medal, the Asiatic-Pacific Campaign Medal with 
3⁄16″ Bronze Star, and the World War II Victory Medal. (2)(A) Mr. Troy Bowling was born on July 2, 1926, in Hamilton, Ohio and completed his life’s service on June, 17, 2017, at the age of 90 years old. At age 17, Mr. Bowling began his service as a United States Marine and was a proud member of the Easy Company, 2nd Battalion, 27th Marines, 5th Division. During the United States campaign to end the war against Japan, Mr. Bowling’s unit was among the first to arrive on the beachheads of Iwo Jima. (B) While attempting to secure Mt. Suribachi, his unit came under intense and concentrated fire, completely overwhelming his unit. Two projectiles struck Mr. Bowling in the chest and leg, leaving him critically wounded on the battlefield. At that moment, Mr. Bowling said he looked to the heavens and committed to serving mankind for the rest of his life if he survived. (C) Miraculously, a combat photographer and medical team then carried Mr. Bowling to the safety of a landing craft where he wit-nessed the planting of the American flag atop Mt. Suribachi—an iconic image that persists as one of the most legendary and tri-umphant moments of the war. The United States Marines eventually took control of the island; however, this victory came at a heavy cost as more than 6,800 United States service members gave their lives during the battle of Iwo Jima. (D) In keeping faith with his commitment to God made during that battle, Mr. Bowling devoted more than 78,000 hours of volunteer service to others at the Lexington VA Med-ical Center. For more than 66 years, Mr. Bowling has risen through the ranks within the Disabled American Veterans (DAV) orga-nization, holding nearly every position pos-sible, including State Commander. Mr. Bowl-ing received the George H. Seal Award for outstanding volunteer, which he received at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE7.009 H13FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1082 February 13, 2018 
the 2005 National DAV Convention in Las Vegas and the Lifetime Service Achievement Award from the Department of Veteran Af-fairs. Mr. Bowling was also nominated and selected to be inducted in the Kentucky Vet-erans Hall of Fame for his lifetime of service to veterans. 
SEC. 2. LEXINGTON VA HEALTH CARE SYSTEM. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The health care system of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Lexington, Kentucky, shall after the date of the enactment of this Act be known and des-ignated as the ‘‘Lexington VA Health Care System’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in any law, regulation, map, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the health care system referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Lexington VA Health Care System’’. 
SEC. 3. TROY BOWLING CAMPUS. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The health care facility of the Department of Veterans Affairs lo-cated at 1101 Veterans Drive in Lexington, Kentucky, shall after the date of the enact-ment of this Act be known and designated as the ‘‘Troy Bowling Campus’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in any law, regulation, map, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the health care facility referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Troy Bowling Campus’’. 
SEC. 4. FRANKLIN R. SOUSLEY CAMPUS. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The health care facility of the Department of Veterans Affairs lo-cated at 2250 Leestown Road in Lexington, Kentucky, shall after the date of the enact-ment of this Act be known and designated as the ‘‘Franklin R. Sousley Campus’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in any law, regulation, map, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the health care facility referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Franklin R. Sousley Campus’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) and the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4533, as amended, a bill to des-ignate the collective healthcare facili-ties of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, VA, in Lexington, Kentucky, as the Lexington VA Health Care System; to designate the Lexington VA Medical Center Leestown Division as the Franklin R. Sousley Campus; and to designate the Lexington VA Medical Center Cooper Division as the Troy Bowling Campus. The bill is sponsored by my good friend Congressman A
NDY BARR from Kentucky, and I am grateful to him for introducing this legislation in honor of two American heroes. One healthcare facility of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs located at 2250 Leestown Road in Lexington, Ken-tucky, would be named the Franklin R. Sousley Campus in honor of Private First Class Franklin Runyon Sousley. Private First Class Sousley was born in Hilltop, Kentucky, and became a marine in 1944. Following basic train-ing, he was assigned to the newly formed Fifth Marine Division at Camp Pendleton, California, and slated for the upcoming invasion of Iwo Jima. A force of 70,000 marines, including Private First Class Sousley, landed on February 19, 1945, on the south side of the island of Iwo Jima. On the fourth day of the invasion, Private First Class Sousley was one of the six men in the famous photograph of United States Marines raising the flag on Mount Suribachi. Tragically, he was killed in action by a Japanese sniper 27 days later. Private First Class Sousley was post-humously awarded the Purple Heart, the Combat Action Ribbon, the Presi-dential Unit Citation with a Silver Star, the American Campaign Medal, the Asiatic Pacific Campaign Medal with a Bronze Star, and the World War II Victory Medal. The other healthcare facility of the Department of Veterans Affairs, lo-cated at 1101 Veterans Drive in Lex-ington, Kentucky, would be named the Troy Bowling Campus in honor of Pri-vate Troy Bowling. Private Troy Bowling was born in Hamilton, Ohio, and was another proud marine who served during World War II. Private Bowling’s unit was among the first to land at the beaches of Iwo Jima. His unit came under intense and concentrated fire, completely over-whelming his unit. Two projectiles struck Mr. Bowling, leaving him critically wounded on the battlefield. At that moment, Private Bowling said he looked to the heavens and committed to serving mankind for the rest of his life if he survived. Mi-raculously, a combat photographer and medical team then carried Mr. Bowling to the safety of a landing craft, where he witnessed the planting of the Amer-ican flag atop Mount Suribachi. Private Bowling followed through on his battlefield promise to God, devot-ing over 78,000 hours of volunteer serv-ice at the Lexington VA Medical Cen-ter and rising through the ranks of the Disabled American Veterans, eventu-ally holding nearly every position pos-sible, including state commander. At the 2005 DAV National Conven-tion, Private Bowling received the George H. Seal Award for outstanding volunteer and the VA Lifetime Service Achievement Award. Mr. Bowling was also nominated and selected to be in-ducted into the Kentucky Veterans Hall of Fame for his lifetime of service to veterans. After a life of service to our Nation and his brothers and sisters in arms, he passed away on June 17, 2017. Mr. Speaker, it is only fitting and ap-propriate that, a week before the 73rd anniversary of the invasion of Iwo Jima, we honor both these heroes by naming the two VA medical center campuses in Lexington, Kentucky, after them. This legislation satisfies all the committee’s naming criteria and is cosponsored by the entire Ken-tucky congressional delegation and supported by many Kentucky veteran service organizations. I am proud to support it, as well, and urge my col-leagues to join me. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support H.R. 4533, which designates the healthcare system of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Lexington, Ken-tucky, as the Lexington VA Health Care System. However, it is two other designations in this bill that I wish to highlight be-cause they honor the memories of two extraordinary Greatest Generation he-roes from Kentucky: Troy Bowling and Franklin R. Sousley. H.R. 4533 names two campuses in the Lexington, Ken-tucky, healthcare system after these brave marines. Seventy-three years ago this month, United States Marines landed on the Pacific island of Iwo Jima and engaged the Japanese forces in some of the most intense and costly fighting of World War II. Among them were Troy Bowling and Franklin R. Sousley, just teenagers at the time. Bowling’s unit was among the first to arrive on Iwo Jima. On the second day, he was critically wounded by mortars and eventually evacuated to the beach, where he received lifesaving care and witnessed the raising of the American flag atop Mount Suribachi. Lying wounded on that beach, Mr. Bowling made a deal with God that, if he sur-vived, he would spend his life in the service of others. He kept that promise over the next 72 years through more than 78,000 hours of volunteer service at the Lexington VA Medical Center. In his work with the Disabled American Veterans, he has held nearly every position possible, in-cluding state commander, among oth-ers; and he is the recipient of the Life-time Service Achievement Award from the Department of Veterans Affairs. Now, upon his arrival on the island of Iwo Jima, Private Sousley was also in-volved in intense, concentrated fight-ing. Eventually, as we all know, Amer-ican forces prevailed. Private Sousley was among the six marines proudly hoisting that flag. Tragically, less than a month later, he would be killed in ac-tion. Highly decorated for bravery, Pri-vate Sousley is now buried in the Elizaville Cemetery in Fleming Coun-ty, Kentucky. These two men are the personifica-tion of duty, patriotism, and self-sac-rifice. It is entirely appropriate that the two campuses of the Lexington VA Health Care System be named in their honor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE7.007 H13FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1083 February 13, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. B
ARR), who is my good friend and Mr. Bowling’s Congressman from Lexington. Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman R
OEfor his tireless leader-ship as a veteran himself, as a physi-cian, and for his exceptional leadership on veterans issues as chairman of the committee. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4533, to designate the healthcare system of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Lexington, Ken-tucky, my hometown, as the Lexington VA Health Care System and to individ-ually designate medical facilitates lo-cated at 1101 Veterans Drive in Lex-ington, Kentucky, as the Troy Bowling Campus, a campus where my own grandfather, a World War II veteran, spent his final days; and to designate the Department of Veterans Affairs Healthcare Center located at 2250 Leestown Road in Lexington, Ken-tucky, as the Franklin R. Sousley Campus. Born in Hilltop, Kentucky, Marine Private First Class Franklin R. Sousley landed on Iwo Jima on Friday, February 19, 1945, and he actively fought in the battle for the islands. During these intense fighting mo-ments, members of the United States Armed Forces secured Mount Suribachi and hoisted a United States flag on top of the summit. On February 23, 1945, Private First Class Sousley, alongside five other brave U.S. servicemembers, raised a larger U.S. flag so it could be seen over the island. The iconic photograph taken of these six marines while they raised the U.S. flag attached to a heavy Japanese pipe soon became the immor-talized symbol of American bravery, perseverance, and sacrifice endured by members of the United States Armed Forces during the intense battles of World War II. Tragically, Private First Class Sousley was killed in combat by a Jap-anese sniper around Cayetano Point on March 21, 1945, and was finally laid to rest at the Elizaville Cemetery in Fleming County, Kentucky. I have been to that grave site many times. The VFW in Fleming County always, on an annual basis, goes out there to pay their respects to the Sousley fam-ily right at that grave site. Private Troy Bowling bravely fought at Iwo Jima. While attempting to se-cure Mount Suribachi, his unit came under intense and concentrated fire, as was previously said, completely over-whelming his unit. Two projectiles struck Private Bowling in the chest and leg, leaving him critically wounded on the battlefield. At that moment, Bowling said: ‘‘As I lay bleeding on the black sands of Iwo Jima, I looked to the heavens, promising that, if I sur-vived, I would serve mankind for the rest of my life.’’ Troy’s unit received the Presidential Unit Citation, and he received the Pur-ple Heart. In keeping faith with his commitment to God made during that battle, Private Bowling, whom I had the honor of meeting on several occa-sions, devoted the next 66 years of his life by giving over 78,000 hours of vol-unteer service to others at the Lex-ington VA Medical Center, and he rose through the ranks within the Disabled American Veterans organization, hold-ing nearly every position, including state commander. He also received a Lifetime Service Achievement Award from the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs and was nom-inated and selected to be inducted into the Kentucky Veterans Hall of Fame for his lifetime of service to veterans. These two deserving veterans, Frank-lin Sousley and Troy Bowling, embody the best of American ideals, values, and commitment to serving others, never abandoning the marine motto of ‘‘semper fidelis,’’ always faithful. Therefore, it is fitting that we rename the Lexington VA Medical Center cam-puses during the 73rd anniversary of the landing of the U.S. forces on the beaches of Iwo Jima and honor these two servicemembers for their service and sacrifice to our country and to our veterans. I would like to thank the members of the Sixth Congressional District Vet-erans Coalition for bringing the idea for this legislation to my attention. I would also like to thank my colleagues in the Kentucky congressional delega-tion—Leader M
ITCH MCCONNELL , Sen-ator R
AND PAUL, Congressman H AL R
OGERS , Congressman J OHN YARMUTH , Congressman B
RETT GUTHRIE , Con-gressman T
HOMAS MASSIE , and Con-gressman J
AMES COMER —for their sup-port as well. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I urge my colleagues in the House to support the passage of this meaningful legislation honoring veterans in Kentucky. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I urge my col-leagues to join me in passing this meaningful piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. b1545 Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, once again, I encourage all Members to support this legislation. From this Army veteran, I wish Pri-vate Sousley and Private Bowling to rest in peace. Semper fi. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4533, as amend-ed. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. f 
HAMAS HUMAN SHIELDS PREVENTION ACT Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3542) to impose sanctions against Hamas for gross vio-lations of internationally recognized human rights by reason of the use of civilians as human shields, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3542 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Hamas Human Shields Prevention Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) The international law of armed conflict prohibits, during any armed conflict, the ex-ploitation of the presence of civilians, or movement of civilians, in an effort to impede attack on or otherwise shield lawful targets from attack. (2) Violation of this obligation is com-monly referred to as using persons as ‘‘human shields’’, the unlawful exploitation of civilian persons or property in an attempt to impede attack on or otherwise shield law-ful targets from attack. (3) The international law of armed conflict also prohibits exposing prisoners of war, other detainees, or the wounded and sick to unnecessary risks resulting from the conduct of hostilities, which clearly includes a prohi-bition against using such personnel in an ef-fort to impede attack on or otherwise shield lawful targets from attack. (4) Under the international law of armed conflict, the use of human shields is a crit-ical consideration when assessing whether infliction of civilian harm by a party to the conflict was in fact unreasonable under the circumstances. (5) Throughout the violent takeover of Gaza by Hamas in 2007, the organization en-gaged in summary executions and torture, and put the lives of civilians at constant risk. (6) Since that 2007 takeover of Gaza, Hamas forces have repeatedly fired rockets into Israel in an indiscriminate manner, rou-tinely striking civilian population areas that cannot plausibly be considered lawful mili-tary targets. (7) Hamas attacks are routinely launched from firing positions in areas of dense civil-ian population, often in or near schools, mosques, or hospitals, with no plausible jus-tification based on military necessity. (8) Unlawful Hamas tactics also include routinely forcing Palestinian civilians to gather on the roofs of their homes to act as human shields. (9) Because these Hamas tactics cannot be justified by military necessity, they indicate an effort to endanger both Israeli and Pales-tinian civilians. (10) The Israel Defense Force, in response to such serious violations by Hamas, has vig-orously taken all feasible precautions to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.014 H13FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1084 February 13, 2018 
minimize civilian casualties and protect ci-vilian objects, in accordance with the inter-national laws of armed conflict. Such tactics have included providing warnings to civil-ians when feasible. (11) Since 2010, Hamas has enlisted children to work as laborers in the tunnel networks between Gaza and Egypt. (12) On June 9, 2017, the United Nations Re-lief and Works Agency announced it had dis-covered Hamas tunnels under two of its schools in the Gaza Strip, adding it was ‘‘un-acceptable that students and staff are placed at risk in such a way’’. (13) Hamas was designated as a foreign ter-rorist organization by the Secretary of State on October 8, 1997. (14) In addition to Hamas, other armed groups, such as Hezbollah, the Islamic State, al-Qa’ida, and al-Shabaab, typically use ci-vilians as human shields. 
SEC. 3. STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
It shall be the policy of the United States to— (1) officially and publicly condemn Hamas for violating the international law of armed conflict by exploiting civilians, civilian property, and other specially protected per-sonnel and facilities, in an effort to shield military targets from lawful attack; and (2) take effective action against those knowingly engaging in, supporting, facili-tating, or enabling such undisputed viola-tions of international law through the use of human shields. 
SEC. 4. UNITED NATIONS SECURITY COUNCIL. 
The President should direct the United States Permanent Representative to the United Nations to use the voice, vote, and in-fluence of the United States at the United Nations Security Council to secure support for a resolution that would— (1) impose multilateral sanctions against Hamas for the use of human shields; (2) require member nations to take specific steps to prevent the use of human shields and impose consequences on those who use human shields; (3) require the United Nations to track and report the use of human shields in any con-flict monitored by an organization or agency of the United Nations; and (4) specify steps to prevent, and con-sequences for, the use of United Nations em-ployees as human shields or the use of United Nations facilities or infrastructure to enable the use of civilians as human shields. 
SEC. 5. SANCTIONS ON FOREIGN PERSONS RE-SPONSIBLE FOR GROSS VIOLATIONS OF INTERNATIONALLY RECOGNIZED HUMAN RIGHTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President shall im-pose sanctions described in subsection (c) with respect to each person on the list re-quired under subsection (b). (b) L
IST.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall transmit to the appro-priate congressional committees a list of the following: (A) Each foreign person that the President determines— (i) is a member of Hamas or is acting on behalf of Hamas; and (ii) on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, knowingly orders, controls, or oth-erwise directs or is complicit in, any unlaw-ful attempt to use civilians, civilian prop-erty, or other protected persons to shields military objectives from lawful attack. (B) Each foreign person, or each agency or instrumentality of a foreign state, that the President determines has knowingly, on or after the date of the enactment of this Act— (i) significantly facilitated, directly or in-directly, any act described in subparagraph (A)(ii) by a person described in subparagraph (A)(ii); or (ii) attempted to facilitate or support any such person. (2) UPDATES .—The President shall transmit to the appropriate congressional committees an update of the list required under para-graph (1)— (A) not later than one year after the date of transmission of such list, and annually thereafter for 3 years; and (B) as new information becomes available. (c) S
ANCTIONS DESCRIBED .—The sanctions to be imposed on a foreign person or an agen-cy or instrumentality of a foreign state on the list required under subsection (b) are the following: (1) B
LOCKING OF PROPERTY .—The President shall exercise all of the powers granted to the President under the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) to the extent necessary to block and prohibit all transactions in property and in-terests in property of the foreign person or of such agency or instrumentality of a foreign state if such property or interests in prop-erty are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States per-son. (2) A
LIENS INELIGIBLE FOR VISAS , ADMISSION , 
OR PAROLE .— (A) V
ISAS, ADMISSION , OR PAROLE .—An alien who the Secretary of State or the Secretary of Homeland Security (or a designee of ei-ther such Secretary) determines is a foreign person on the list required under subsection (b) is— (i) inadmissible to the United States; (ii) ineligible to receive a visa or other doc-umentation to enter the United States; and (iii) otherwise ineligible to be admitted or paroled into the United States or to receive any other benefit under the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.). (B) C
URRENT VISAS REVOKED .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Any visa or other docu-mentation issued to an alien who is a foreign person on the list required under subsection (b), regardless of when such visa or other documentation was issued, shall be revoked and such alien shall be denied admission to the United States. (ii) E
FFECT OF REVOCATION .—A revocation under clause (i)— (I) shall take effect immediately; and (II) shall automatically cancel any other valid visa or documentation that is in the possession of the alien who is the subject of such revocation. (C) E
XCEPTION TO COMPLY WITH UNITED NA -
TIONS HEADQUARTERS AGREEMENT .—The sanc-tions under this paragraph shall not be im-posed on an individual if admitting such in-dividual to the United States is necessary to permit the United States to comply with the Agreement regarding the Headquarters of the United Nations, signed at Lake Success June 26, 1947, and entered into force Novem-ber 21, 1947, between the United Nations and the United States, or with other applicable international agreements. (d) W
AIVER .—The President may, on a case- by-case basis, waive the application of a sanction under this section with respect to a person or an agency or instrumentality of a foreign state for periods not longer than 180 days if the President certifies to the appro-priate congressional committees that such waiver is in the national security interest of the United States. (e) P
ENALTIES .—The penalties provided for in subsections (b) and (c) of section 206 of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705) shall apply to any person that violates, attempts to violate, conspires to violate, or causes a violation of any regu-lation promulgated to carry out this section to the same extent that such penalties apply to a person that commits an unlawful act de-scribed in section 206(a) of such Act. (f) REGULATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The President may exer-cise all authorities provided to the President under sections 203 and 205 of the Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1702 and 1704) for purposes of car-rying out this section. (2) I
SSUANCE OF REGULATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall prescribe such regulations as may be necessary to im-plement this section. (g) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed— (1) to limit the authorities of the President pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) or any other relevant provision of law; or (2) to apply with respect to any activity subject to the reporting requirements under title V of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3091 et seq.), or to any authorized intelligence activities of the United States. 
SEC. 6. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
DMITTED ; ALIEN .—The terms ‘‘admit-ted’’ and ‘‘alien’’ have the meanings given such terms in section 101 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101). (2) A
GENCY OR INSTRUMENTALITY OF A FOR -
EIGN STATE .—The term ‘‘agency or instru-mentality of a foreign state’’ has the mean-ing given such term in section 1603(b) of title 28, United States Code. (3) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Financial Services, the Committee on Ways and Means, the Committee on the Judiciary and the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and (B) the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, the Committee on the Ju-diciary, and the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions of the Senate. (4) F
OREIGN PERSON .—The term ‘‘foreign person’’ has the meaning given such term in section 594.304 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. (5) H
AMAS .—The term ‘‘Hamas’’ means— (A) the entity known as Hamas and des-ignated by the Secretary of State as a for-eign terrorist organization pursuant to sec-tion 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189); or (B) any person identified as an agent, in-strumentality, or affiliate of Hamas on the list of specially designated nationals and blocked persons maintained by the Office of Foreign Asset Control of the Department of Treasury, the property or interests in prop-erty of which are blocked pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.). (6) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term ‘‘United States person’’ has the meaning given such term in section 594.315 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia). Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. W
ILSON ) and the gen-tleman from California (Mr. S
HERMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE7.008 H13FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1085 February 13, 2018 
days to revise and extend their re-marks and to include extraneous mate-rial on this measure. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from South Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful for the co-author of this legislation and a good friend, Congressman S
ETH MOULTON  from Massachusetts, a valued Iraq vet-eran; as well as the original cospon-sors, Congresswoman I
LEANA ROS- L
EHTINEN and Congressman T ED D
EUTCH . I also appreciate Chairman E D R
OYCE and the House Foreign Affairs Committee for allowing it to proceed to a floor vote. H.R. 3542, the Hamas Human Shields Prevention Act, will sanction Hamas for violating human rights standards by using civilians as human shields. For far too long, Hamas has taken shelter and launched offenses against Israel from civilian areas, including schools, hospitals, and mosques. Their cowardly actions knowingly and care-lessly put innocent lives at risk and are a gross violation of human rights and international law. Last June, the United Nations Relief and Works Agency, UNRWA, discov-ered Hamas tunnels under two of its schools in Gaza, demonstrating how they knowingly integrate terrorist op-erations with children in civilian areas. Sadly, the Iranians and Hamas are willing to fight to the last Palestinian man, woman, and child in their quest to annihilate the people of Israel. Yet neither Hamas nor Iran have been properly held accountable by respon-sible nations for their crimes against humanity. Unfortunately, the prior U.S. administration never raised this as a serious issue with the Iranians. The cowardly Iranians and Hamas sac-rifice innocent Palestinians for their self-destructive ideology. The world must face the threat of Hamas as it continues to perpetrate atrocities against civilians by using them as human shields. This legisla-tion imposes direct sanctions against any Hamas terrorist who is responsible for using human shields. This bill, Hamas Human Shields Pre-vention Act, encourages the U.S. Per-manent Representative to the United Nations to secure a U.N. Security Council multilateral resolution impos-ing sanctions against Hamas for the use of human shields. It would also sanction foreign governments and indi-viduals who provide material and fi-nancial support to Hamas, which would cut off the resources that allow Hamas to terrorize civilians. I appreciate that Ambassador Nikki Haley has been outspoken against the murderous terrorists in the global war on terrorism. I believe this legislation will promote working to ensure that lives of innocent civilians of the citi-zens of Gaza are spared by proactively imposing strong sanctions against Hamas and their murderous actions. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , Washington, DC, February 7, 2018. Hon. E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN ROYCE : I write with re-spect to H.R. 3542, the ‘‘Hamas Human Shields Prevention Act.’’ As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions with-in H.R. 3542 that fall within the Rule X juris-diction of the Committee on the Judiciary, I forego any further consideration of this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. The Judiciary Committee takes this action with our mutual understanding that by fore-going consideration of H.R. 3542 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legisla-tion and that our committee will be appro-priately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. Our committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appro-priate number of conferees to any House- Senate conference involving this or similar legislation and asks that you support any such request. I would appreciate a response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 3542 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be in-cluded in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. Sincerely, B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, February 7, 2018. Hon. B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN GOODLATTE : Thank you for consulting with the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee and agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 3542, the Hamas Human Shields Prevention Act, so that the bill may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of your com-mittee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerog-atives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any House-Senate conference on this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 3542 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as this measure moves through the legisla-tive process. Sincerely, E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3542, the Hamas Human Shields Pre-vention Act. Mr. Speaker, this is an act that came before our committee and was adopted unanimously by voice vote. I was there. My hearing has been tested re-cently, and there was not one dis-senting voice. I thank Representatives WILSON and M OULTON for their leader-ship in authoring the Hamas Human Shields Prevention Act, and I am proud to be a cosponsor. This legislation calls out the cow-ardly use of human shields by Hamas and the Palestinian Islamic Jihad. It sanctions anyone who supports or takes part in this horrific practice. Let us be perfectly clear about what is at stake. There are designated ter-rorist entities using innocent civilians, even innocent children, as a means to camouflage their arsenals. Every time Hamas does this, every time it is done by Palestinian Islamic Jihad, the lead-ership is making a horrific statement: they put a higher value on their efforts to kill Israeli civilians than they do on the lives of Gaza’s civilians. Keep in mind, this practice is a viola-tion of the Geneva Conventions and the rules and laws of war. It is a war crime and should, indeed, be sanctioned by the United Nations. First and foremost, this is an issue of basic human rights. Hamas has forced civilians to gather on the roofs of their homes so they can hide terrorist mili-tary leaders and weapons below. Hamas has even built their tunnels that they use to move weapons and fighters right under civilian infrastructure. This puts hospitals, schools, mosques, markets, and innocent Palestinians at great risk. It doesn’t stop there. Hamas pur-posely puts rockets in U.N. facilities, compelling the U.N. to launch daily in-spections of each of their facilities dur-ing times of heightened tension and putting international personnel in harm’s way. Hamas’ use of human shields also raises important national security con-cerns for Israel. Unlike Palestinian ter-rorist groups—groups that seek to kill as many Israeli civilians as possible— in contrast with that, the Israeli De-fense Forces are not blind and cannot be blind to the plight of innocent civil-ians. That is why the Israeli Government has tried to warn Palestinian civilians of upcoming strikes, including evacu-ation notices, text messages and calls, and even low-explosive warning ‘‘knocks.’’ These warnings don’t just give innocent civilians the opportunity to evacuate. They also put the terror-ists on notice that strikes are immi-nent, giving them an opportunity to es-cape. The Israeli Government has made an explicit decision. They care enough about warning and saving the lives of Palestinian civilians that they are willing to give an advantage to ter-rorist groups—groups who are trying to kill as many Israeli civilians as they possibly can. The contrast, therefore, is astound-ing. While Israel has made bold invest-ments in early warning apps on Israeli phones and developed the Iron Dome, along with the United States, to pro-tect Israeli civilians from incoming 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.017 H13FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1086 February 13, 2018 
missiles, Hamas makes no effort to protect Gaza civilians and engages in activities designed to cause Gaza civil-ians to be killed. Hamas puts innocent civilians in the line of fire. They hide their weapons and their leadership beneath schools and hospitals. Then, when Gaza chil-dren die, when innocent men and women are blown apart, Hamas’ leader-ship cheers quietly at what they per-ceive as a propaganda coup against the Israeli Defense Forces. That is why I support sanctions against Hamas and any of its sup-porting organizations and individuals that facilitate the use of human shields. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ), who chairs the Foreign Affairs Sub-committee on the Middle East and North Africa. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. W
ILSON for presenting this bill before us today, and I rise in strong support of his bill, the Hamas Human Shields Prevention Act. I was proud to join Mr. W
ILSON and others as an origi-nal cosponsor. Three years ago, the House and Sen-ate both unanimously passed a concur-rent resolution that I authored which denounced the use of human shields by Hamas and, indeed, any other terror group. Using human shields is an uncon-scionable practice. It is a gross viola-tion of international laws and norms. Yet, invariably, the use of human shields ends up being a winning strat-egy for Hamas. Why? Because the international commu-nity falls for its deadly ploy. This is de-spite the fact that Israel is unmatched in its efforts to avoid civilian casual-ties. We know Hamas forces Palestinians into becoming human shields, and the terror group is known for firing on Israeli targets from heavily populated areas or from places like schools or mosques. They do this on purpose. This disgusting practice underscores the fact that Hamas doesn’t care at all about the well-being of the Palestinian people, and the sole purpose of Hamas is to try to force Israel into a situation in which it may harm civilians, hoping to turn the public sentiment against the Jewish State. Mr. W
ILSON ’s bill, therefore, puts down an important marker, Mr. Speak-er. It builds upon our previous efforts by adding punitive measures identi-fying and then sanctioning anyone af-filiated with Hamas who uses human shields. Responsible nations must not allow Hamas to continue to use this cynical ploy, and we in the United States have a responsibility to lead and to ensure that this gruesome tactic is ended once and for all. I thank Mr. WILSON from South Caro-lina for this initiative, and I urge my colleagues to join us in supporting this important and much-needed measure before us today. I thank Mr. W
ILSON  for, once again, highlighting this cyn-ical, deadly, and disgusting ploy being used by Hamas. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH), chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Afri-ca, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organiza-tions. b1600 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my good friend for yielding, and I rise in strong support of H.R. 3542, the Hamas Human Shields Prevention Act, introduced, sponsored, and authored by my good friend and colleague J
OEWILSON ; and we are all very grateful he has brought this important legislation to the floor. H.R. 3542 is a critical and common-sense measure that addresses Hamas’ cynical and well-documented practice of endangering civilian lives for the sake of its terror campaign against the State of Israel. Many independent observers attest to the Palestinian terrorist group’s strat-egy of locating military equipment and installations amidst civilian infra-structure. A 2015 Amnesty Inter-national report, Mr. Speaker, entitled, ‘‘Unlawful and Deadly,’’ exposed this reprehensible conduct by the Pales-tinian terrorist groups during Israel’s 2014 Operation Protective Edge in the Gaza Strip. The report documented ex-amples of ‘‘attacks launched from the vicinity of civilian buildings or from residential areas’’ in addition to the use of ‘‘civilian buildings and facilities for other military purposes, such as storing munitions.’’ In one instance chronicled in this re-port, a foreign journalist captured foot-age of a rocket launcher ‘‘located some 50 meters from a hotel frequented by international correspondents, 100 me-ters away from a U.N. building, and very near several civilian homes.’’ The footage additionally showed ‘‘children playing next to the rocket launcher.’’ Amnesty further documented the dis-covery of ‘‘Palestinian munitions in three . . . vacant’’—UNRWA—‘‘schools in the Gaza Strip’’ during the conflict. One of these schools, although vacant, had ‘‘two UNRWA schools on either side of it’’—that—‘‘were each hosting around 1,500 displaced civilians.’’ Mr. Speaker, Hamas’ perverse prac-tice of using U.N. installations to shield military infrastructure has not abated since the 2014 Gaza war. UNRWA discovers military infrastruc-ture in the immediate environs of its school on an alarmingly regular basis. Last year alone, the agency reported discovering two militant tunnels lo-cated under its schools in the Gaza Strip. Of course, human rights reports and UNRWA statements account only for a limited scope of violations that are ob-served and documented by inter-national organizations, media cor-respondents, and credible NGOs. The real scope of Hamas’ human shield pol-icy is almost certainly far greater. Israeli authorities, for example, re-ported that out of 3,600 Palestinian rockets launched in the first month and a half of Operation Protective Edge, 1,600 of those rockets, nearly 45 percent, were fired from civilian areas. H.R. 3542 rightfully calls on the ad-ministration to use its voice and vote in the United Nations Security Council to impose multilateral sanctions on Hamas for this disgraceful pattern of exploiting innocent civilians, including women and children, so that it can rain indiscriminate rockets on innocent Israelis with greater impunity. This bill would also impose U.S. visa bans and asset freezes on individuals and en-tities that direct or facilitate Hamas’ use of human shields. By supporting this measure, Mr. Speaker, this House can advance the cause of civilian protection for Israelis and Palestinians alike. Again, I want to thank Mr. W
ILSON  for this excellent bill. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I have no other speakers on this side, so I will make a few remarks in clos-ing. Mr. Speaker, I want to put this legislation in the broader context of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. A Pal-estinian state will never be born as a result of the use of human shields. No country can make peace with a group that uses its own women and children in that manner, and no country can build peace with an entity that makes the violation of the Geneva Conven-tions and the international rules of law established military policy. I am a firm believer in a two-state solution that results in a secure Jewish State of Israel and a peaceful Pales-tinian state by its side. I hope that this legislation will help move toward that end because it seeks to empower those who want to make peace and sanctions those who cheapen human life and vio-late international law. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, which passed in our com-mittee without a dissenting voice. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. First, I would like to thank Con-gressman S
HERMAN for his leadership in this bipartisan legislation, which will make a difference on behalf of the people of Gaza and on behalf of the peo-ple of Israel. The terrorists of Hamas hide behind school children, hospital patients, and other vulnerable civilians. This cow-ardly use of human shields is a grave 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.033 H13FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1087 February 13, 2018 
human rights abuse that must be stopped, which sacrifices the lives of innocent Palestinians. I again want to thank the bipartisan sponsors of the Hamas Human Shields Prevention Act, which deserves our unanimous support, and, in particular, I point out the cosponsorship by the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
OULTON ). Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, international law of armed conflict prohibits the use of innocent men, women and children to deter an attack. This cowardly and disgraceful strategy is known as using human shields. And it’s rightly deemed a war crime. Yet since the violent takeover of Gaza in 2007, Hamas has repeatedly put the lives of Palestinian civilians at risk by brutally using them as human shields. Hamas also terrorizes Palestinians—the very people they claim to represent—with summary executions and tor-ture in Gaza. Hamas regularly launches indiscriminate at-tacks on civilian populations in Israel from densely populated positions in Gaza, often in or near schools, mosques or hospitals. Hamas also routinely forces Palestinian civilians to gather on the roofs of their homes to act as human shields. This means that every time Hamas fires a rocket, it is committing not one, but two, war crimes: targeting civilians in Israel while shamelessly using human shields in Gaza. Today, the Gaza Strip is a terrorist sanctuary on Israel’s borders. The legislation we are considering today, H.R. 3542, appropriately holds Hamas respon-sible for its repeated use of human shields— as well as their enablers, like the Iranian re-gime. It imposes targeted sanctions and calls for action at the United Nations Security Coun-cil to put an end to this heinous practice. The world cannot let terrorists embed forces among civilian populations, using them as human shields, without taking action. I thank the gentleman from South Carolina, Representative W
ILSON , for authoring this leg-islation and urge my colleagues to support it. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. W
ILSON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3542, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
CALLING ON GOVERNMENTS TO INTENSIFY EFFORTS TO INVES-TIGATE, RECOVER, AND IDEN-TIFY ALL MISSING AND UNAC-COUNTED-FOR PERSONNEL OF THE UNITED STATES Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 129) calling on the Department of De-fense, other elements of the Federal Government, and foreign governments to intensify efforts to investigate, re-cover, and identify all missing and un-accounted-for personnel of the United States, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The text of the resolution is as fol-lows: H. R ES. 129 Whereas according to the Defense POW/ MIA Accounting Agency of the Department of Defense, more than 82,000 United States personnel are still unaccounted-for from past wars and conflicts around the world; Whereas, though recognizing that an esti-mated 48,000 of these personnel were pre-sumed lost at sea and are unlikely to be re-covered, tens of thousands of families and friends have waited decades for the account-ing of their loved ones and comrades in arms; Whereas the families of these brave Ameri-cans deserve our Nation’s best efforts to achieve the fullest possible accounting for their missing loved ones; Whereas the National League of POW/MIA Families, and their iconic POW/MIA flag, pi-oneered the Vietnam War accounting effort since 1970 and has been joined in this human-itarian quest for answers by Korean War, Cold War, and World War II families, fully supported by the American Legion, the Vet-erans of Foreign Wars, the Disabled Amer-ican Veterans, Jewish War Veterans, AMVETS, Vietnam Veterans of America, Special Forces Association, Special Oper-ations Association, Rolling Thunder, and other more recently formed groups, and tens of thousands of families and veterans are yearning and advocating for answers con-cerning the fates of their loved ones and comrades in arms; Whereas the mission of the Defense POW/ MIA Accounting Agency of the Department of Defense is to provide the fullest possible accounting for missing members of the Armed Forces of the United States, des-ignated civilians of the Department, and other designated personnel; and Whereas the recovery and investigation teams of the Department of Defense deploy to countries around the world to account as fully as possible for these unaccounted-for United States personnel: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the House of Representa-tives— (1) calls upon the Defense POW/MIA Ac-counting Agency and other elements of the Department of Defense, other appropriate elements of the Federal Government, and all foreign governments to resolutely continue efforts to investigate, recover, identify, and account as fully as possible for all United States personnel designated as unaccounted- for from past wars and conflicts around the world; and (2) calls upon all foreign governments with information on United States personnel des-ignated as unaccounted-for from past wars and conflicts, or with such personnel within their territories, to cooperate fully with the Government of the United States to provide the fullest possible accounting for those American lives. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. W
ILSON ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. S
HER-
MAN) each will control 20 minutes. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include ex-traneous material on this measure. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from South Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in strong support of H. Res. 129, which recommits us to the sacred task of accounting fully for our troops who are still missing and unaccounted for in past wars and conflicts. From World War II onward, more than 82,000 U.S. personnel have not come home and are not accounted for. That means that for tens of thousands of American families, friends, and com-rades in arms, the pain of uncertainty continues to this very day. This resolution also calls upon for-eign nations to fully cooperate and to provide the Defense POW-MIA Ac-counting Agency with all information on our missing personnel that those countries may have. It is especially ap-propriate that we are considering this resolution this week, which marks the 45th anniversary of Operation Home-coming, which secured the return of more than 550 American prisoners of war from Vietnam. This group that left Hanoi on Feb-ruary 12, 1973, included an American fighter pilot whose F–4 had been shot down over North Vietnam in 1966. When he ejected from his plane, he had suf-fered a broken arm, a broken back, and a dislocated shoulder, but that was only the start of his ordeal. This pilot spent nearly 7 years as a prisoner of war, enduring torture, abuse, and an incomprehensible 3 years in solitary confinement. For 18 months, he shared a cell with Senator J
OHN MCCAINat the infamous ‘‘Hanoi Hilton.’’ For his service and heroism, he was awarded two Silver Stars, two Legions of Merit, the Distinguished Flying Cross, one Bronze Star with Valor, two Purple Hearts, and numerous other de-served awards. After that pilot returned home, he stated: ‘‘The freedoms that most Amer-icans take for granted are, in fact, real and must be preserved. I have returned to a great nation, and our sacrifices have been well worth the effort. I pledge to continue to serve and fight to protect the freedoms and ideals that the United States stands for.’’ Well, we know that that pilot did continue to serve, not only in the mili-tary. He is a former combat warrior and prisoner of war, an American hero, and a Member of Congress. His name is S
AMJOHNSON , and we are honored by his presence in the Chamber today. I want to thank Congressman J
OHN-
SONfor introducing this resolution. But even more, we all, every American, want to thank him for his life of valor and service. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.020 H13FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1088 February 13, 2018 
H. Res. 129 is an opportunity to renew our pledge to our men and women in uniform and to the families of those who have gone missing in service to our country. We will leave no one be-hind, and we will not forget your sol-emn sacrifices laid upon the altar of freedom. I urge support for this resolu-tion. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , Washington, DC, February 12, 2018. Hon. E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, U.S. House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing to you concerning H. Res. 129, a resolution ‘‘Calling on the Department of Defense, other appro-priate elements of the Federal Government, and foreign governments to resolutely con-tinue efforts to investigate, recover, and identify all United States personnel des-ignated as unaccounted for from past wars and conflicts around the world.’’ There are certain provisions in the resolution which fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Armed Services. In the interest of permitting your com-mittee to proceed expeditiously to floor con-sideration of this important legislation, I am willing to waive this committee’s further consideration of H. Res. 129. I do so with the understanding that by waiving consideration of the resolution, the Committee on Armed Services does not waive any future jurisdic-tional claim over the subject matters con-tained in the legislation which fall within its Rule X jurisdiction. Please place a copy of this letter and your response acknowledging our jurisdictional interest into the Congressional Record dur-ing consideration of the measure on the House floor. Thank you for the cooperative spirit in which you have worked regarding this matter and others between our respec-tive committees. Sincerely, W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, February 12, 2018. Hon. W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman, House Armed Services Committee, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN THORNBERRY : Thank you for consulting with the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee and agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of House Resolution 129, which concerns efforts to investigate, re-cover, and identify all missing and unac-counted-for personnel of the United States, so that the resolution may proceed expedi-tiously to the House floor. The suspension text of the resolution incorporates edits worked out with assistance from your com-mittee. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of your com-mittee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerog-atives on this resolution or similar legisla-tion in the future. I will seek to place our letters on H. Res. 129 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration. I appreciate your co-operation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H. Res. 129 calling on the Department of Defense and other elements of the Federal Govern-ment and foreign governments to in-tensify efforts to investigate, recover, and identify all missing and unac-counted-for personnel of the United States. I rise in support of H. Res. 129, which affirms our government’s commitment to investigating and recovering miss-ing American personnel. I especially want to thank Representative S
AM J
OHNSON , not only for introducing this resolution but for embodying our dedi-cation to those who are captured or missing, whose service to this country, 7 years as a POW, three of those in soli-tary confinement, exemplify the high-est honor of our military forces. I also want to thank Chairman R
OYCE  for bringing this resolution forward. Our brave servicemembers risk their lives for our country every day, and when they go missing, we owe it to them never to give up. No matter how many years pass, no matter how many miles we must travel, our search for them must continue. More than 83,000 personnel of the United States are still unaccounted for around the world from past wars and conflicts. This is the equivalent of an entire city, and their families are mourning the loss of ones they hold dear. Although an estimated 50,000 of these are World War II personnel lost at sea and, sadly, unlikely to ever be recov-ered, we must continue our efforts whenever there is any possibility of discovering and recovering an Amer-ican who has been lost in the service of our country. Our brave men and women expect that when they make the ultimate sac-rifice, we will make extraordinary ef-forts to recover them, and if we don’t do exactly that, we are not only failing those families but also one of our mili-tary’s most sacred principles: ‘‘leave no man or woman behind.’’ We honor this principle because it re-minds us that, unlike many of our en-emies, whose soldiers are viewed as ex-pendable pawns of the regime, we value each and every life. Those missing in action need to be returned home to their families where they belong. This resolution has a simple message for our government. It is time to inten-sify our efforts to investigate, recover, identify, and account as fully as pos-sible for all those missing and unac-counted-for American personnel. It also urges foreign governments to co-operate with us in these important ef-forts so that every soldier, sailor, air-man, and marine gets the homecoming they deserve. Thank you to all the men and women who have served and continue to serve our great country and the principles we stand for. I urge my colleagues to sup-port this resolution. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SAMJOHNSON ), the author of this measure, a former fighter pilot and prisoner of war, and a true Amer-ican hero. Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise and say: God bless you both. Thank you for what you said. I rise in strong support of H. Res. 129. This resolution I introduced calls for an intensified effort to account for the tens of thousands of American service-members who are still missing in ac-tion. Many folks don’t realize there are still more than 82,000 American serv-icemembers who remain unaccounted for. b1615 In fact, I, myself, was classified as missing in action for almost 2 years after my shoot-down over north Viet-nam in 1966. That is why it is so mean-ingful to have this resolution on the House floor during the 45th anniver-sary of Operation Homecoming, which brought me and my fellow Vietnam POWs back to our beloved country after many long years in hell on Earth. During my time as an MIA, my fam-ily was unsure where I was or whether I was even alive or dead. But my de-voted wife, Shirley, and countless other families with the National League of POW/MIA Families continu-ously advocated for the return of all our POWs and MIAs from the Vietnam war. It is because of their tireless work, and by the grace of God, that my fellow POWs and I were reunited with our families 45 years ago this week. I am joined today by my two daugh-ters, Gini and Beverly, who, along with my late wife, were a key part of the ef-fort to bring us home. Mr. Speaker, I would like to ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the strength and devotion of my two lovely daughters, Gini and Beverly, who are seated in the gallery. But, Mr. Speaker, we must never for-get our troops who still remain missing in action; and we must never forget their families, who anxiously await a final accounting of their loved ones. In many cases, so much time has gone by that it has fallen to the next genera-tion to repatriate their missing family members. They deserve our dedicated help and support. After my return from Vietnam, I vowed to continue to fight for our missing troops and their families. Dur-ing my time serving in the U.S.-Russia Joint Commission on POW/MIAs, I traveled the world to places like Laos, Cambodia, Vietnam, and even to the Russian military archives in Moscow to try to find our missing troops. And I will never stop fighting. For the families of our troops who re-main missing in action, this resolution is for you. This resolution calls on the United States Government and the Depart-ment of Defense to diligently continue 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.022 H13FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1089 February 13, 2018 
efforts to investigate, recover, and identify all missing U.S. personnel around the world. It also calls on for-eign governments that have informa-tion on our missing personnel to co-operate fully with our government. We must remain united in our efforts to recover all of our missing troops and to never forget their sacrifice. I would also urge my colleagues to remember that, while I was in the Hanoi Hilton, the north Vietnamese told my fellow POWs and me that our country had forgotten us. As the days turned into years, we had to fight that fear. The feeling of being alone and for-gotten is horrible. And the families of POWs and MIAs feel a similar pain. That is why I will continue to make every effort to repatriate my missing brothers and sisters in arms and hold true to the promise: ‘‘No Man Left Be-hind.’’ But I also call on all current and fu-ture Members of Congress to carry the mantle. We cannot, and must not, forget the faithful servicemen and -women who deserve to be brought home to the country they gave their all to protect. It is my sincere hope that we will one day bring home all of America’s miss-ing patriots. These heroes deserve to return to American soil with all of our honor and respect. And their families deserve the closure of their loved ones that they have awaited for for so long. Mr. Speaker, I ask for the support of all of my colleagues and that they join me in supporting this important reso-lution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would gently remind Members to refrain from referencing persons in the gallery. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH), the chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations; and a longstanding leader on behalf of vet-erans’ issues. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of S
AMJOHNSON ’s resolution and join the House in honoring a truly heroic man who has suffered so much for our coun-try, and I thank him for that. I would say to my colleagues, having read and observed S
AMfor so many years, words are inadequate—they are truly inadequate—to describe his cour-age, his tenacity, his faith in God, and his valor. He is really a hero who stands above with few peers. Mr. Speaker, I thank S
AMfor his leadership and for being who he is. I also thank his family. It is just a privi-lege to know him and to be up here supporting legislation that he has sponsored for a full and thorough ac-counting of all of our POWs and MIAs. As Members know, access to the bat-tlefield during and after war is impor-tant. With regards to Japan, Italy, and Nazi Germany, we had access after the last shot was fired. Indeed, today we are close friends and allies. So those who are missing in action or POWs are more likely to be presumed dead if not found. That is not the case, Mr. Speaker, when it comes to North Korea, where there is no access to the theatre of op-erations in the North and where we re-main and the families remain in agony for decades about what happened to their loved ones. With regards to Vietnam, there were many live sightings of POWs especially after prisoners like SAMand others came home, people who were observed on the ground. I was part of the POW/ MIA task force in Congress in the 1980s. Jerry Solomon and others and I trav-eled to Vietnam to talk about those live sightings and the fact that the Vi-etnamese did not provide a full ac-counting. Many who were observed went missing, and we think they may have been executed by the Vietnamese long after the peace treaty was signed. We do have some cooperation, as we all know, to crash sites and the like. That is all good. It is certainly not enough. We do not have unfettered ac-cess to the battlefield, and that re-mains a reason why our great and dis-tinguished colleague, S
AMJOHNSON , is offering this resolution. We need to re-double our efforts. I would just point out for the record that S
AMJOHNSON flew 62 combat mis-sions in the Korean war and 25 missions in the Vietnam war before being shot down. He was in the Air Force for 29 years. He commanded two air bases, among other things. He is a lifelong fighter, student of war, combat war-rior, a leader of men, and, of course, a prisoner of war. He spent, as my colleagues and I have all noted, nearly 7 years as a prisoner of war in Vietnam, where torture was systematic. He endured that, overcame that, and, of course, with his faith, be-came a great inspiration to all of us as someone who has suffered so much, yet continues to have a strong faith in God and a faith in humanity. As he pointed out in a statement, he was 140 pounds when he was released and repatriated. He also pointed out that during his incarceration he was in solitary confinement and in leg stocks, like the pilgrims, as he put it, for 72 days. Then, the following day after he was let out, he couldn’t walk. He was then put in leg irons for 2
1⁄2years: a tight metal cuff around each ankle, with a foot long bar connecting the legs. He still has little feeling in the right arm and his right hand after those 2,500 days of horrific captivity. Again, he saw a silver lining because he still had a dream and hope for the future, which some people would have lost a long time ago and just given up— what an inspiration for today’s genera-tion of a man who has suffered so much, has overcome so much, and re-mains an optimist deep in his heart. Again, words are inadequate to de-scribe our colleague. SAMJOHNSON is the definition of courage. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, having no speakers on my side, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to add my voice to the voice of every other speaker on this resolution, for what an honor it has been to serve with S
AMJOHNSON  and to see his example of service on the floor of this House every day. I want to reiterate the importance of this resolution. It sends a critical mes-sage to our military families that their sacrifices are not forgotten. Our gov-ernment must never give up until every last American is returned to their families and to their homeland. Today, it is easy to think of Congress as a body divided between Republicans and Democrats, but, ultimately, we are all Americans, and each and every one of us owes a huge debt of gratitude to our troops serving today and those who have served in the past. Their valor and courage have defined our Nation’s course. We applaud them, we honor them, and we will do everything in our power to see that those who remain un-accounted-for are returned home. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this resolution, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. As I close, I want to commend the Defense POW/MIA Accounting Agency, which continues the noble work of ac-counting for our missing troops and personnel day in and day out around the world. I also want to express gratitude to those groups that continue to keep the home fires burning bright for the many families still awaiting concrete infor-mation on their loved ones. These in-clude: The National League of POW/MIA Families; The American Legion; The Veterans of Foreign Wars; The Disabled American Veterans; The Jewish War Veterans; AMVETS; Vietnam Veterans of America; The Special Forces Association; The Special Operations Association; and Rolling Thunder. Finally, I, again, thank Congressman S
AMJOHNSON for introducing this reso-lution and for exemplifying the ideals of service, sacrifice, and honor. He was recognized by his communist suppres-sors as one of the most stubborn pris-oners, a true tribute of his courage. All Members of Congress, of both par-ties, cherish the service of Congress-man S
AMJOHNSON . Mr. Speaker, I urge support for H. Res. 129, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, forty-five years ago, after the signing of the 1973 Paris Peace Accords, 556 American military personnel and twenty-five civilians boarded American C–141s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.024 H13FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1090 February 13, 2018 
and finally ended their long, extremely trying captivity in Vietnam. For most Americans, Operation Home-coming marked the end of U.S. involvement in the Vietnam conflict. However, the heroes that survived torture and mistreatment within Viet-namese prison camps, such as the infamous ‘‘Hanoi Hilton,’’ know that the job is not fin-ished. One of our most sacred vows to members of our Armed Services is that no American soldier will be left behind on the field of battle. None understand this better than the gen-tleman from Texas, Congressman S
AMJOHN-
SON—fighter pilot, prisoner of war, and Amer-ican hero. Colonel S
AMJOHNSON ’S29 years in the Air Force was marked with valor and selfless service. A combat veteran of both the Korean and Vietnam conflicts, he was twice awarded the Silver Star, our nation’s third highest award for gallantry in action, and the Distin-guished Flying Cross for valor and heroism in aerial flight, in his more than eighty career combat missions. Since regaining his freedom 45 years ago, Congressman J
OHNSON has remained a staunch advocate for veterans and their fami-lies, as attested by being awarded the Na-tional Patriot award, the Congressional Medal of Honor Society’s highest civilian accolade, for his tireless work to help improve livelihoods and to provide closure for families of missing U.S. soldiers. The Department of Defense estimates that more than 82,000 U.S. personnel have still not been accounted for from previous wars and conflicts. We must ensure that we do every-thing we can to fulfill the promise to our na-tion’s heroes: that we will not leave anyone behind on foreign battlefields. As this resolution importantly recognizes, cooperation with foreign governments is key to efforts to recover, identify, and account for all missing U.S. personnel. I thank the gentleman from Texas, S
AMJOHNSON , for his life of serv-ice, and for authoring this legislation. I urge my colleagues to join me in sup-porting it. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. W
ILSON ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 129, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
b1630 LOW-DOSE RADIATION RESEARCH ACT OF 2018 Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4675) to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to provide for a low- dose radiation basic research program, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 4675 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Low-Dose Radiation Research Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. LOW-DOSE RADIATION RESEARCH PRO-GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle G of title IX of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16311 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 977 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 977A. LOW-DOSE RADIATION RESEARCH PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry out a basic research program on low- dose radiation to— ‘‘(1) enhance the scientific understanding of, and reduce uncertainties associated with, the effects of exposure to low-dose radiation; and ‘‘(2) inform improved risk-assessment and risk-management methods with respect to such radiation. ‘‘(b) P
ROGRAM COMPONENTS .—In carrying out the program required under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) formulate scientific goals for low-dose radiation basic research in the United States; ‘‘(2) identify ongoing scientific challenges for understanding the long-term effects of ionizing radiation on biological systems; ‘‘(3) develop a long-term strategic and prioritized basic research agenda to address such scientific challenges in coordination with other research efforts; ‘‘(4) identify and, to the extent possible, quantify, potential monetary and health-re-lated benefits to Federal agencies, the gen-eral public, industry, research communities, and other users of information produced by such research program; ‘‘(5) leverage the collective body of knowl-edge from existing low-dose radiation re-search; and ‘‘(6) engage with other Federal agencies, research communities, and potential users of information produced under this section, in-cluding institutions concerning radiation re-search, medical physics, radiology, health physics, and emergency response. ‘‘(c) C
OORDINATION .—In carrying out the program, the Secretary, in coordination with the Physical Science Subcommittee of the National Science and Technology Council, shall— ‘‘(1) support the directives under section 106 of the American Innovation and Competi-tiveness Act (42 U.S.C. 6601 note); ‘‘(2) ensure that the Office of Science of the Department of Energy consults with the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion, the National Institutes of Health, the Environmental Protection Agency, the De-partment of Defense, the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, and the Department of Home-land Security; ‘‘(3) advise and assist the National Science and Technology Council on policies and ini-tiatives in radiation biology, including en-hancing scientific knowledge of the effects of low-dose radiation on biological systems to improve radiation risk-assessment and risk- management methods; and ‘‘(4) identify opportunities to stimulate international cooperation relating to low- dose radiation and leverage research and knowledge from sources outside of the United States. ‘‘(d) R
ESEARCH PLAN.—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall transmit to the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a 4-year research plan that iden-tifies and prioritizes basic research needs re-lating to low-dose radiation. In developing such plan, the Secretary shall incorporate the components described in subsection (b). ‘‘(e) DEFINITION OF LOW-DOSERADIATION .— In this section, the term ‘low-dose radiation’ means a radiation dose of less than 100 millisieverts. ‘‘(f) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to subject any research carried out by the Secretary for the program under this section to any limita-tions described in 977(e) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16317(e)). ‘‘(g) F
UNDING .—For purposes of carrying out this section, the Secretary is authorized to make available from funds provided to the Biological and Environmental Research Pro-gram— ‘‘(1) $20,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(2) $20,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(3) $30,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(4) $30,000,000 for fiscal year 2021.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for subtitle G of title IX of the En-ergy Policy Act of 2005 is amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 977 the following: ‘‘977A. Low-dose radiation research pro-gram.’’. 
SEC. 3. SPENDING LIMITATION. 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act and the amendments made by this Act, and this Act and such amendments shall be carried out using amounts otherwise available for such purpose. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. M
ARSHALL ) and the gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE  J
OHNSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include ex-traneous material on H.R. 4675, the bill now under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kansas? There was no objection. Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4675, the Low-Dose Radiation Research Act of 2018. H.R. 4675 requires the Department of Energy to carry out a research pro-gram on low-dose radiation within the Office of Science. This program will in-crease our understanding of the health effects that low doses of ionizing radi-ation have on biological systems. Every day, humans are exposed to low doses of radiation. It is the product of industrial activities, commercial proc-esses, medical procedures, and natu-rally occurring systems. Research has consistently shown us the adverse health effects associated with high doses of radiation, but the health risks associated with exposure to low doses of radiation are much 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE7.018 H13FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1091 February 13, 2018 
more difficult to observe, and we are a long way away from understanding and accurately assessing this risk. In the absence of conclusive evi-dence, agencies like the Department of Energy, the Food and Drug Adminis-tration, and the Environmental Protec-tion Agency are obligated to assume that any exposure to radiation in-creases the risk of harmful human ef-fects. Without additional research, Federal agencies have no way to meas-ure if there is a safe radiation exposure threshold. Our restricted understanding of low- dose radiation health risks directly im-pairs our ability to address potential radiological events and medically- based radiation exposures. It may also result in overly stringent regulatory standards, inhibiting the development of nuclear energy opportunities and posing an undue economic burden on the American people. As a physician in my home State of Kansas, I have a firsthand under-standing of the crucial importance of verified research to ensure the best medical outcomes for my patients. For instance, an adult patient who receives a computed tomography, or a CT scan, of the abdomen and pelvis is exposed to approximately 3 years’ worth of nat-ural background radiation at once. The CT scan is an invaluable diag-nostic tool, replacing many invasive surgical procedures, and is a medical necessity for countless Americans. Today, we physicians are unable to in-form our patients of the specific risks associated with these types of vital im-aging processes. There is a broad consensus among the radiobiology community that more research is necessary for Federal agen-cies, physicians, and related experts to make better informed decisions regard-ing these risks. It is no surprise that H.R. 4675 has received support from the Health Physics Society, the American Association of Physicists in Medicine, the National Council on Radiation Pro-tection and Measurements, the Radi-ation Research Society, the American Society for Radiation Oncology, and leading researchers from Northwestern University and Columbia University. I would especially like to thank Chairman L
AMAR SMITH, Representa-tive D
ANLIPINSKI , and Energy Sub-committee Chairman R
ANDY WEBER for cosponsoring this important legisla-tion. I encourage my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4675, the Low-Dose Radiation Research Act of 2018. The Department of Energy funds cut-ting-edge research across a variety of disciplines. For many years, DOE stewarded research into low-dose radi-ation exposure. This included studies into the effects of radiation exposure in higher risk populations and the exam-ination of the changes that a cell un-dergoes when exposed to low-dose radi-ation. These research investments re-sulted in notable advancements in this field and significantly expanded our understanding of radiation exposure. Over the past several years, this re-search program was ramped up and eventually eliminated—or ramped down. However, there is much more that should be explored, and the De-partment of Energy is best positioned to lead this effort in coordination with other Federal agencies that have a stake in this work. Expanding our understanding of low- dose radiation could improve how we utilize medical diagnostic tools or change how we regulate nuclear power plants. Radiation is all around us every day. When we fly on a plane or walk into a building made of limestone, much like the one we are in now, we experience a small increase in our radi-ation exposure, but we still don’t have an answer to the fundamental question of what that means for our health. Are there healthy levels of radiation exposure or are they all directly tied to an increased risk of cancer? What is an acceptable level for long- term human health? The answers to these fundamental questions can only be found by prop-erly investing in the research field. I am hopeful that reconstituting this program at DOE will lead to more sci-entific advancements and will expand humankind’s understanding of radi-ation exposure. DOE is the right place to do this work, and the benefits should be numerous and invaluable. I want to thank Mr. MARSHALL for in-troducing this bill, and I strongly sup-port this bill and encourage my col-leagues to do the same. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH), my friend and men-tor, the chairman of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, first of all, I would like to thank the gentleman from Kansas, Dr. R
OGER  M
ARSHALL , the vice chairman of the Subcommittee on Research and Tech-nology, for yielding me time on his bill, H.R. 4675, the Low-Dose Radiation Research Act of 2018. H.R. 4675, cosponsored by Representa-tive D
AN LIPINSKI , Energy Sub-committee Chairman R
ANDY WEBER , and Dr. N
EALDUNN, authorizes a revi-talized low-dose radiation research pro-gram within the Biological and Envi-ronmental Research program of the De-partment of Energy. This basic re-search is part of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee’s contin-ued effort to ensure America remains a leader in foundational science and in-novation. The DOE low-dose radiation basic re-search program will analyze and seek to determine any health impacts of low levels of radiation, providing critical knowledge to our Nation’s researchers, industry, healthcare community, and military as they handle nuclear mate-rial, maintain the Nation’s nuclear weapons program, provide medical treatment, and dispose of nuclear waste. Low-dose radiation research can ben-efit regulatory agencies that set nu-clear safety standards for the public. This will enable Federal emergency re-sponse agencies to more accurately set areas of evacuation for radiological in-cidents. The research is also of particular im-portance to physicians, who rely on a thorough knowledge of radiation health risks to determine when and how to use lifesaving diagnostics to de-tect and deter and treat cancer in pa-tients. I thank Vice Chairman MARSHALL for his initiative in developing and man-aging this important legislation, and I urge my colleagues to support this bi-partisan bill. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I continue to re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. W
EBER ), the chairman of the Energy Subcommittee. Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate Congressman M
ARSHALL ’s bill coming up today. I rise, Mr. Speaker, in support of H.R. 4675, the Low-Dose Radiation Research Act of 2018. This legislation authorizes a research program on the health ef-fects of low-dose radiation within the Department of Energy’s Office of Science. Currently, key functions of the United States nuclear and medical in-dustries are guided by assumption- based radiation dose limits and protec-tions. In order to best serve our Na-tion’s energy, medical, and defense needs, we need foundational research in radiology and biology to directly de-fine the impact of low doses of radi-ation. The United States should not rely on a ‘‘best approximation’’ when it comes to our nuclear regulatory poli-cies. Mr. Speaker, today we have an oppor-tunity to ensure that we as a nation are doing everything we can to make certain that the regulations, the guide-lines, and the protections that we put in place are grounded in sound science. Again, I want to thank Congressman M
ARSHALL for introducing this impor-tant legislation. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of the bill. I have no further requests for time, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. H.R. 4675 authorizes a critical re-search program in radiation biology and will help ensure that we are basing our industrial, commercial, and med-ical regulations on the best available science. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.028 H13FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1092 February 13, 2018 
I want to once again thank my col-leagues on the Science, Space, and Technology Committee who have co-sponsored H.R. 4675, including Chair-man L
AMAR SMITH, Representative D AN L
IPINSKI , and Energy Subcommittee Chairman R
ANDY WEBER . I also want to thank the numerous researchers and stakeholders who provided feedback as we developed this legislation. I encourage my colleagues to support this bipartisan legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. M
AR-
SHALL ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4675, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ACCELERATING AMERICAN LEAD-ERSHIP IN SCIENCE ACT OF 2018 Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4377) to direct the Secretary of Energy to carry out certain up-grades to research equipment and con-struct research user facilities, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4377 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Accelerating American Leadership in Science Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. ADVANCED PHOTON SOURCE UPGRADE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Energy shall provide for the upgrade to the Ad-vanced Photon Source described in the publi-cation approved by the Basic Energy Sciences Advisory Committee on June 9, 2016, titled ‘‘Report on Facility Upgrades’’, including the development of a multi-bend achromat lattice to produce a high flux of coherent x-rays within the hard x-ray energy region and a suite of beamlines optimized for this source. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) F
LUX.—The term ‘‘flux’’ means the rate of flow of photons. (2) H
ARD X -RAY.—The term ‘‘hard x-ray’’ means a photon with energy greater than 20 kiloelectron volts. (c) S
TART OF OPERATIONS .—The Secretary shall, to the maximum extent practicable, ensure that the start of full operations of the upgrade under this section occurs before De-cember 31, 2025. (d) F
UNDING .—There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary for the Office of Science to carry out to completion the up-grade under this section— (1) $93,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; (2) $130,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; (3) $152,400,000 for fiscal year 2020; (4) $150,000,000 for fiscal year 2021; (5) $73,600,000 for fiscal year 2022; and (6) $20,000,000 for fiscal year 2023. 
SEC. 3. LONG-BASELINE NEUTRINO FACILITY FOR DEEP UNDERGROUND NEU-TRINO EXPERIMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Energy shall provide for a Long-Baseline Neutrino Facility to facilitate the international Deep Underground Neutrino Experiment to enable a program in neutrino physics to measure the fundamental properties of neutrinos, ex-plore physics beyond the Standard Model, and better clarify the nature of matter and antimatter. (b) FACILITY CAPABILITIES .—The Secretary shall ensure that the facility described in subsection (a) will provide, at a minimum, the following capabilities: (1) A broad-band neutrino beam capable of 1.2 megawatts (MW) of beam power and upgradable to 2.4 MW of beam power. (2) Four caverns excavated for a forty kil-oton fiducial detector mass and supporting surface buildings and utilities. (3) Neutrino detector facilities at both the Far Site in South Dakota and the Near Site in Illinois to categorize and study neutrinos on their 800-mile journey between the two sites. (4) Cryogenic systems to support neutrino detectors. (c) S
TART OF OPERATIONS .—The Secretary shall, to the maximum extent practicable, ensure that the start of full operations of the facility under this section occurs before De-cember 31, 2026. (d) F
UNDING .—There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary for the Office of Science to carry out to completion the construction of the facility under this sec-tion— (1) $95,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; (2) $160,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; (3) $195,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; (4) $195,000,000 for fiscal year 2021; (5) $200,000,000 for fiscal year 2022; (6) $200,000,000 for fiscal year 2023; (7) $195,000,000 for fiscal year 2024; (8) $150,000,000 for fiscal year 2025; and (9) $50,000,000 for fiscal year 2026. 
SEC. 4. SPALLATION NEUTRON SOURCE PROTON POWER UPGRADE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Energy shall provide for a proton power upgrade to the Spallation Neutron Source. (b) D
EFINITION OF PROTON POWER UP-
GRADE .—For the purposes of this section, the term ‘‘proton power upgrade’’ means the Spallation Neutron Source power upgrade described in— (1) the publication of the Office of Science of the Department of Energy titled ‘‘Facili-ties for the Future of Science: A Twenty- Year Outlook’’, published December 2003; (2) the publication of the Office of Science of the Department of Energy titled ‘‘Four Years Later: An Interim Report on Facilities for the Future of Science: A Twenty-Year Outlook’’, published August 2007; and (3) the publication approved by the Basic Energy Sciences Advisory Committee on June 9, 2016, titled ‘‘Report on Facility Up-grades’’. (c) S
TART OF OPERATIONS .—The Secretary shall, to the maximum extent practicable, ensure that the start of full operations of the upgrade under this section occurs before De-cember 31, 2025. (d) F
UNDING .—There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary for the Office of Science to carry out to completion the up-grade under this section— (1) $26,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; (2) $70,800,000 for fiscal year 2019; (3) $33,500,000 for fiscal year 2020; (4) $40,500,000 for fiscal year 2021; (5) $21,100,000 for fiscal year 2022; (6) $13,200,000 for fiscal year 2023; and (7) $2,900,000 for fiscal year 2024. 
SEC. 5. SPALLATION NEUTRON SOURCE SECOND TARGET STATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Energy shall provide for a second target station for the Spallation Neutron Source. (b) DEFINITION OF SECOND TARGET STA-
TION.—For the purposes of this section, the term ‘‘second target station’’ means the Spallation Neutron Source second target sta-tion described in— (1) the publication of the Office of Science of the Department of Energy titled ‘‘Facili-ties for the Future of Science: A Twenty- Year Outlook’’, published December 2003; (2) the publication of the Office of Science of the Department of Energy titled ‘‘Four Years Later: An Interim Report on Facilities for the Future of Science: A Twenty-Year Outlook’’, published August 2007; and (3) the publication approved by the Basic Energy Sciences Advisory Committee on June 9, 2016, titled ‘‘Report on Facility Up-grades’’. (c) S
TART OF OPERATIONS .—The Secretary shall, to the maximum extent practicable, ensure that the start of full operations of the second target station under this section oc-curs before December 31, 2030, with the op-tion for early operation in 2028. (d) F
UNDING .—There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary for the Office of Science to carry out to completion the construction of the facility under this sec-tion— (1) $5,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; (2) $10,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; (3) $15,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; (4) $25,000,000 for fiscal year 2021; (5) $50,000,000 for fiscal year 2022; (6) $200,000,000 for fiscal year 2023; (7) $275,000,000 for fiscal year 2024; (8) $275,000,000 for fiscal year 2025; (9) $275,000,000 for fiscal year 2026; (10) $250,000,000 for fiscal year 2027; and (11) $120,000,000 for fiscal year 2028. 
SEC. 6. SPENDING LIMITATION. 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act and the amendments made by this Act, and this Act and such amendments shall be carried out using amounts otherwise available for such purpose. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Il-linois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) and the gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE  J
OHNSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 4377, the bill now under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge sup-port for H.R. 4377, the Accelerating American Leadership in Science Act. This legislation is another key com-ponent in today’s package of bills that maintains the American commitment to the basic scientific research nec-essary to advance our economy and maintain our national defense. I commend Chairman S
MITH for his work on these bills and his support for the underlying bill. I also thank my colleagues from Illinois for their bipar-tisan support of this legislation, as well as the ranking member for her support. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.029 H13FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1093 February 13, 2018 
The Department of Energy operates and maintains a number of user facili-ties open to the broader research com-munity which no one university or business could ever bring together. I have seen firsthand in Illinois the im-pact of these kinds of investments that they provide to the American public. It was at Fermilab that the magnets were developed for the modern MRI machines we have all taken advantage of, and this was just an unintended by- product of basic scientific research by physicists trying to examine the small-est building blocks of matter. b1645 This legislation authorizes funding for the Long-Baseline Neutrino Facil-ity, going between Fermilab and the Sanford Lab in Lead, South Dakota, more than a mile underground. This project is an important mile-stone in American science, serving as the first major internationally hosted facility in the United States. Having already gained the support of more than 1,000 scientists from 30 dif-ferent countries, this is a successful model for how large science will be done in the future. Not only have we gained the support of the broader scientific community, but we have seen the investment from CERN for the first time outside of their lab, and the U.K. has already pledged $88 million to be a part. When America chooses to lead in these scientific fields, we bring the world with us and remain the single lo-cation for the best and brightest to continue doing their groundbreaking work. It has been inspirational just to be a part of this process. This legislation also authorizes fund-ing for upgrades at the Advanced Pho-ton Source at Argonne National Lab. I have had the pleasure to see the work happening at this lab, which my two colleagues and cosponsors from Il-linois represent. The Advanced Photon Source is the premier facility for X-ray science in the United States. Nearly 6,000 re-searchers access this facility every year to do the kind of research that cannot be done at university campuses or industrial research facilities. Every year, more than 1,000 research-ers from Illinois alone access this facil-ity. With the wide-ranging applications for this facility, research coming from APS has led to two Nobel Prizes in chemistry and new treatments for HIV. The work they are contributing on to better understand the materials for new batteries are chipping away at the energy storage advancements we need for newer, zero-emission energy sources to reliably come online. These are the success stories we should be championing in Congress, and these are the kinds of results I want to continue seeing for future gen-erations here in the United States. Another facility which this legisla-tion authorizes upgrades for is the Oak Ridge National Laboratory’s Spall-ation Neutron Source. Similar to the two previous projects, this has received unanimous support from the research community with the DOE’s Basic Energy Sciences Advisory Committee calling these upgrades ‘‘ab-solutely central to contribute to world- leading science.’’ With the most intense pulsed neutron beam in the world, the Spallation Neu-tron Source will continue probing ma-terial properties at the atomic level so that we can build better materials, with uses from better batteries, more target cures, to cleaner water. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4377, Accelerating American Leader-ship in Science Act of 2018. The Department of Energy is the home to the most advanced research facilities in the world. For decades, we have been able to provide scientists with the tools and resources to push the frontiers of innovation and answer the fundamental questions of science because we invested in our national laboratories, universities, and public- private partnerships in science and technology. Unfortunately, we face budget pro-posals from this administration that seem to be completely out of touch with that rich history and the realities of our global competition. This bill will put statutory require-ments in place mandating that the De-partment of Energy fund crucial up-dates to use the facilities. The Basic Energy Sciences Advisory Committee recommended many of these upgrades to the DOE in a 2016 report. In this bill, the Argonne National Laboratory would be authorized to up-grade the capabilities of the Advanced Photon Source. This upgrade will greatly advance our ability to deter-mine the atomic and electronic struc-ture of materials, molecular systems, and their chemical reactions. The insight gained in these impor-tant experiments can be trans-formative for science and for our econ-omy and for our well-being. The bill also includes upgrades to the Spallation Neutron Source of Oak Ridge National Laboratory. The suite will soon be home to the most ad-vanced neutron source in the world. If we hope to maintain our leadership in neutron science, these two upgrades are critical. Finally, this bill authorizes the Long-Baseline Neutrino Facility, the centerpiece of the international col-laboration on the Deep Underground Neutrino Experiment. U.S. leadership on this project is vital to maintaining our reputation as the world’s leader in fundamental physical sciences research. Funding these facilities is planting the seeds of innovation and knowledge for future generations. The fruit from these in-vestments will benefit our society for years to come. Mr. Speaker, I strongly support this bill and I encourage my colleagues to do the same, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH), the distinguished chair-man of the Science, Space, and Tech-nology Committee. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) for yielding me time on his bill, H.R. 4377, the Accelerating Amer-ican Leadership in Science Act. Mr. Speaker, this legislation, cospon-sored by Representative B
ILLFOSTER , Energy Subcommittee Chairman R
ANDY WEBER , Energy Subcommittee Vice Chairman S
TEVE KNIGHT , and Rep-resentative D
ANLIPINSKI , authorizes funding from within the DOE’s Office of Science’s existing budget to com-plete construction of three science in-frastructure projects. The bill authorizes upgrades to the Advanced Photon Source at Argonne National Lab and the Spallation Neu-tron Source at Oak Ridge National Laboratory. It also funds the construction of the Long-Baseline Neutrino Facility, which will be the premier international facility in high-energy physics. The Advanced Photon Source is one of the most advanced radiation re-search facilities in the world. It pro-duces ultrabright, high-energy X-ray beams that allow scientists to study the structure and behavior of mate-rials, which enables the development of new technologies and pharmaceuticals. The upgrade authorized at Argonne in the Hultgren bill will use new tech-nology to increase the brightness of photon beams, allowing researchers to observe materials at extremely small scales. The Spallation Neutron Source at Oak Ridge National Laboratory is a one-of-a-kind neutron scattering facil-ity that provides the most intense pulsed neutron beams in the world for scientific research and industrial de-velopment. This source of brighter, more intense neutrons enables scientists to make sensitive measurements in complex en-vironments with higher resolution and speed than any existing neutron facil-ity. H.R. 4377 authorizes a power upgrade and a second target station to build on the success of the Spallation Neutron Source. The proton power upgrade will double the energy of the beam. The sec-ond target station will double the num-ber of beam lines at the facility, sig-nificantly expanding the number of in-strument stations and opportunities for cutting-edge neutron scattering re-search at Oak Ridge. Combined, the authorized enhance-ments to the Advanced Photon Source and Spallation Neutron Source will allow these research tools to reach 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.031 H13FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1094 February 13, 2018 
their full potential and provide for world-leading Basic Energy Sciences programs here in the U.S. Representative H
ULTGREN ’s bill also authorizes the Long-Baseline Neutrino Facility at Fermilab, a national accel-erator lab. The LBNF will consist of the world’s highest intensity neutrino beam and a suite of cryogenic near de-tectors to run the Deep Underground Neutrino Experiment. This experiment will measure the neutrino beam gen-erated at LBNF on innovative, far de-tectors located 800 miles away at the Sanford Underground Research Facil-ity in Lead, South Dakota. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative H
ULTGREN for his initiative in devel-oping this legislation. His longstanding support of basic research and invest-ments in these best-in-the-world science facilities is well known. H.R. 4377 is a commonsense bill that main-tains American leadership in discovery science. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan legislation. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. W
EBER ), the chairman of the En-ergy Subcommittee. Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman H
ULTGREN for yielding me time. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4377, the Accelerating American Leadership in Science Act of 2018. This legislation authorizes very im-portant upgrades to DOE photon and neutron sources at two national labs. In addition, it funds the construction of the Long-Baseline Neutrino Facility, the first international high-energy physics facility located in the United States of America. Over 1,000 scientists from 30 coun-tries are already collaborating on this project. Let me repeat that: over 1,000 scientists from 30 countries are already collaborating on this very important project. Mr. Speaker, I again thank my col-league, Congressman H
ULTGREN , for in-troducing this important legislation and for his continued support of the na-tional labs. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I again want to reiterate my support for this important legislation to keep the United States at the forefront of dis-covery and fundamental research. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues for their support. I encourage passage of H.R. 4377, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4377, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to direct the Sec-retary of Energy to carry out certain upgrades to research equipment and construct research user facilities, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
NUCLEAR ENERGY RESEARCH INFRASTRUCTURE ACT OF 2018 Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4378) to direct the Secretary of Energy to carry out the construc-tion of a versatile reactor-based fast neutron source, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4378 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Nuclear En-ergy Research Infrastructure Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. VERSATILE NEUTRON SOURCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Energy shall provide for a versatile reactor-based fast neutron source, which shall operate as a national user facility. The Secretary shall consult with the private sector, universities, National Laboratories, and relevant Federal agencies to ensure that the versatile neutron source is capable of meeting Federal re-search needs for neutron irradiation services. (b) F
ACILITY CAPABILITIES .— (1) C
APABILITIES .—The Secretary shall en-sure that the facility described in subsection (a) will provide, at a minimum, the following capabilities: (A) Fast neutron spectrum irradiation ca-pability. (B) Capacity for upgrades to accommodate new or expanded research needs. (2) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In carrying out para-graph (1), the Secretary shall consider the following: (A) Capabilities that support experimental high-temperature testing. (B) Providing a source of fast neutrons at a neutron flux higher than that at which ex-isting research facilities operate, sufficient to enable research for an optimal base of pro-spective users. (C) Maximizing irradiation flexibility and irradiation volume to accommodate as many concurrent users as possible. (D) Capabilities for irradiation with neu-trons of a lower energy spectrum. (E) Multiple loops for fuels and materials testing of different coolants. (F) Capabilities that support irradiating and processing targets for isotope produc-tion. (G) Additional pre-irradiation and post-ir-radiation examination capabilities. (H) Lifetime operating costs and lifecycle costs. (c) S
TART OF OPERATIONS .—The Secretary shall, to the maximum extent practicable, ensure that the start of full operations of the facility under this section occurs before De-cember 31, 2025. (d) F
UNDING .—There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary for the Office of Nuclear Energy to carry out to comple-tion the construction of the facility under this section— (1) $35,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; (2) $100,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; (3) $200,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; (4) $260,000,000 for fiscal year 2021; (5) $340,000,000 for fiscal year 2022; (6) $350,000,000 for fiscal year 2023; (7) $350,000,000 for fiscal year 2024; and (8) $350,000,000 for fiscal year 2025. SEC. 3. SPENDING LIMITATION. 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act and the amendments made by this Act, and this Act and such amendments shall be carried out using amounts otherwise available for such purpose. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. W
EBER ) and the gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE  J
OHNSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and to include extraneous mate-rial on H.R. 4378, the bill now under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4378, the Nuclear Energy Research In-frastructure Act of 2018. Over the past 3 years, the Science, Space, and Technology Committee has held hearings, met with stakeholders, and worked extensively with our col-leagues in the Senate to draft the Nu-clear Energy Innovation Capabilities Act, the precursor to today’s bill. This comprehensive, bipartisan au-thorization bill directed the Depart-ment of Energy—DOE—to invest in supercomputing capabilities, created a framework for DOE to partner with the private sector to host prototype devel-opment for advanced reactors, and laid out a clear timeline and parameters for the DOE to build that research reactor. Mr. Speaker, this bill passed the House three times last Congress, and passed the House again in January as a part of H.R. 589, known as the DOE Re-search and Innovation Act. The research reactor, or Versatile Neutron Source, authorized in that bill, Mr. Speaker, is crucial for the de-velopment of advanced reactor designs, materials, and nuclear fuels. This type of research requires access to fast neu-trons, which are currently only avail-able for civilian research in Russia. b1700 While modeling and simulation can accelerate R&D, nuclear energy re-search must be validated through a physical source, Mr. Speaker, like a re-actor. The bill which we will consider today, H.R. 4378, the Nuclear Energy Research Infrastructure Act, author-izes specific funding from within the DOE Office of Nuclear Energy for the construction of that versatile neutron source. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.038 H13FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1095 February 13, 2018 
Building this open-access user facil-ity in the DOE national lab system will facilitate nuclear energy research in the United States. The access to fast neutrons that this reactor provides can support private sector development of the next generation materials and fuels needed for advanced nuclear reactor technology. The versatile neutron source will also enable the Nuclear Regulatory Commission to verify data on new fuels, materials, and designs more effi-ciently, which will expedite regulatory approval for those advanced nuclear re-actors. Without this user facility, Mr. Speaker, this research simply will not take place, and we cannot afford to lose the ability to develop an innova-tive nuclear technology right here at home. This bill will also help maintain America’s capability to influence secu-rity and proliferation standards around the world by maintaining cutting-edge nuclear science. Mr. Speaker, as more developing na-tions look to nuclear energy to grow their economies, our role in protecting nuclear technology grows. By building this user facility, we will fortify the U.S. commitment to safely advancing nuclear energy. H.R. 4378 is a common-sense bill. It will maintain American leadership in nuclear power. I want to thank Ranking Member J
OHNSON and Chairman S MITH for co-sponsoring this important legislation and for their leadership in advocating for nuclear energy research and devel-opment. I am very grateful for the op-portunity to work with my fellow Tex-ans to guide research that will keep America not only safe, but globally competitive. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to support this bill, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4378, the Nuclear Energy Research In-frastructure Act, and I am pleased to cosponsor this bill. Mr. Speaker, this legislation marks another accomplish-ment in our committee’s strong bipar-tisan effort to support the development of advanced nuclear energy tech-nologies. Today, nuclear power plays a vital role in providing our country with clean, reliable energy; but there are currently technical, economic, and pol-icy challenges that prevent this re-source from playing a larger role in en-abling our clean energy future. This bill, the Nuclear Energy Research In-frastructure Act, would help address these challenges. It expands on a provision included in another bill that I cosponsored with Mr. W
EBER and the chairman, H.R. 431, the Nuclear Energy Innovation Capa-bilities Act, which passed the House early last year on a voice vote as part of yet another bill that I cosponsored with these two gentlemen, H.R. 589, the Department of Energy Research and Innovation Act. The bill before us today would pro-vide the Department of Energy with the direction and funding it needs to create a national user facility with critical capabilities to enable the de-velopment of a wide range of advanced nuclear energy concepts here in the United States. I am hopeful that, if we provide our scientists and industry leaders with the right tools, they can fulfill the promise of clean nuclear energy that is significantly safer, less expensive, more efficient, and produces less waste than the current fleet of reactors. Mr. Speaker, I also strongly support the inclusion of explicit funding levels as part of this authorization. Providing the Department and congressional ap-propriators with a funding profile for research activities and projects is a crucial responsibility in our role as the authorizing committee. In particular, it helps ensure that the construction of cutting-edge research facilities like this one have the re-sources they need to be completed on time and on budget, thus, making sure that the U.S. taxpayers who are foot-ing these bills are getting the most value of their hard-earned dollars. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to support this bipartisan bill, and I look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle as we strive to strengthen America’s research enterprise across the board. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, it is my distinct honor to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH), the chairman of the full Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, first of all, let me thank the gentleman from Texas, the chairman of the En-ergy Subcommittee, Representative R
ANDY WEBER , for yielding me time on his bill, which is H.R. 4378, the Nuclear Energy Research Infrastructure Act. H.R. 4378, cosponsored by full com-mittee Ranking Member E
DDIE BER-
NICE JOHNSON , Energy Subcommittee Vice Chairman S
TEVE KNIGHT , Rep-resentative D
ANLIPINSKI , and Rep-resentative R
ANDY HULTGREN , author-izes funds within the DOE Nuclear En-ergy budget to construct their versatile neutron source, a DOE fast neutron user facility that will facili-tate the development of the next gen-eration of nuclear reactors by the pri-vate sector. This legislation builds on and imple-ments Chairman W
EBER ’s Nuclear En-ergy Innovation Capabilities Act, which passed the House three times with bipartisan support in the last Congress. Advanced nuclear reactor technology provides the best opportunity to make reliable, emission-free electricity available throughout the industrial and developing world. This user facility will ensure that U.S. companies de-velop critical advanced reactor tech-nology here in the United States. Today, the only source of fast neu-trons available for civilian research is in Russia, making it impossible for American entrepreneurs to conduct the testing and validation needed to deploy commercial advanced reactors. America must also maintain our edge in nuclear science in order to influence global nonproliferation standards. The user facility authorized in this legisla-tion will ensure the next generation of nuclear technology is safely developed here at home. This allows America to export nuclear technology which helps prevent civilian nuclear energy tech-nology from being misused for weapons development overseas. I want to thank this bill’s cospon-sors, Chairman WEBER and Ranking Member J
OHNSON , for their long-standing support of nuclear energy in-novation and commitment to ensure that we have the best nuclear research facilities. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. It is a bipar-tisan piece of legislation. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4378 is vital to en-suring America’s leadership in nuclear innovation. By harnessing the unique expertise of our Nation’s national labs, the private sector can take the lead in developing groundbreaking advanced nuclear technology. I especially want to thank my col-leagues on the Science, Space, and Technology Committee who have co-sponsored H.R. 4378, including Chair-man L
AMAR SMITH, Representative D AN L
IPINSKI , Representative S TEVE  K
NIGHT , and Representative R ANDY  H
ULTGREN . I also want to thank the dozens of researchers and stakeholders who have provided feedback as we de-veloped this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this commonsense, bipartisan legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. T
IP-
TON). The question is on the motion of-fered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. W
EBER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4378, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY RE-SEARCH INFRASTRUCTURE ACT OF 2018 Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.041 H13FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1096 February 13, 2018 
bill (H.R. 4376) to direct the Secretary of Energy to carry out certain up-grades to research equipment and the construction of a research user facility, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4376 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Energy Research Infrastructure Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. ADVANCED LIGHT SOURCE UPGRADE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Energy shall provide for the upgrade to the Ad-vanced Light Source described in the publi-cation approved by the Basic Energy Sciences Advisory Committee on June 9, 2016, titled ‘‘Report on Facility Upgrades’’, including the development of a multi-bend achromat lattice to produce a high flux of coherent x-rays within the soft x-ray energy region. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) F
LUX.—The term ‘‘flux’’ means the rate of flow of photons. (2) S
OFT X -RAY.—The term ‘‘soft x-ray’’ means a photon with energy in the range from 50 to 2,000 electron volts. (c) S
TART OF OPERATIONS .—The Secretary shall, to the maximum extent practicable, ensure that the start of full operations of the upgrade under this section occurs before De-cember 31, 2026. (d) F
UNDING .—There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary for the Office of Science to carry out to completion the up-grade under this section— (1) $20,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; (2) $50,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; (3) $80,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; (4) $80,000,000 for fiscal year 2021; (5) $52,000,000 for fiscal year 2022; (6) $22,000,000 for fiscal year 2023; and (7) $6,000,000 for fiscal year 2024. 
SEC. 3. LINAC COHERENT LIGHT SOURCE II HIGH ENERGY UPGRADE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Energy shall provide for the upgrade to the Linac Coherent Light Source II facility described in the publication approved by the Basic En-ergy Sciences Advisory Committee on June 9, 2016, titled ‘‘Report on Facility Upgrades’’, including the development of experimental capabilities for high energy x-rays to reveal fundamental scientific discoveries. The Sec-retary shall ensure the upgrade under this section enables the production and use of high energy, ultra-short pulse x-rays deliv-ered at a high repetition rate. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) H
IGH ENERGY X -RAY.—The term a ‘‘high energy x-ray’’ means a photon with an en-ergy at or exceeding 12 kiloelectron volts. (2) H
IGH REPETITION RATE .—The term ‘‘high repetition rate’’ means the delivery of x-ray pulses up to one million pulses per second. (3) U
LTRA -SHORT PULSE X -RAYS .—The term ‘‘ultra-short pulse x-rays’’ means x-ray bursts capable of durations of less than one hundred femtoseconds. (c) S
TART OF OPERATIONS .—The Secretary shall, to the maximum extent practicable, ensure that the start of full operations of the upgrade under this section occurs before De-cember 31, 2025. (d) F
UNDING .—There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary for the Office of Science to carry out to completion the up-grade under this section— (1) $20,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; (2) $55,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; (3) $80,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; (4) $80,000,000 for fiscal year 2021; (5) $54,000,000 for fiscal year 2022; and (6) $31,000,000 for fiscal year 2023. SEC. 4. FACILITY FOR RARE ISOTOPE BEAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Energy shall provide for a Facility for Rare Isotope Beams to advance the understanding of rare nuclear isotopes and the evolution of the cosmos. (b) F
ACILITY CAPABILITIES .—In carrying out subsection (a), the Secretary shall ensure that the user facility will provide, at a min-imum, the following: (1) A rare isotope beam facility capable of 400 kW of beam power. (2) Scientific instruments, which may in-clude a gamma-ray energy tracking array, a particle spectrometer with high rigidity, and a beta-decay detection system. (c) S
TART OF OPERATIONS .—The Secretary shall, to the maximum extent practicable, ensure that the start of full operations of the facility under this section occurs before June 30, 2022, with early operation in 2018. (d) F
UNDING .—There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary for the Office of Science to carry out to completion the construction of the facility under this sec-tion— (1) $101,200,000 for fiscal year 2018; (2) $86,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; (3) $64,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; (4) $36,300,000 for fiscal year 2021; (5) $24,000,000 for fiscal year 2022; (6) $15,000,000 for fiscal year 2023; and (7) $15,000,000 for fiscal year 2024. 
SEC. 5. SPENDING LIMITATION. 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act and the amendments made by this Act, and this Act and such amendments shall be carried out using amounts otherwise available for such purpose. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. W
EBER ) and the gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE  J
OHNSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 4376, the bill now under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4376, the Department of Energy Re-search Infrastructure Act of 2018. H.R. 4376 will support the research infra-structure needed to conduct leading basic energy science and nuclear phys-ics research initiatives here in the U.S. by authorizing upgrades in construc-tion of major user facilities at the De-partment of Energy, DOE, national labs and universities. The Advanced Light Source, ALS, at Lawrence Berkeley National Labora-tory is a specialized particle accel-erator that generates bright beams of X-ray light for scientific research. The proposed upgrade to this facility will ensure that DOE can maintain ALS’ status as a world-class X-ray facility and allow scientists to study the struc-ture and behavior of materials at ex-tremely small scales. The Linac Coherent Light Source, LCLS, is the world’s first hard X-ray, free-electron laser. The upgrade to this facility located at SLAC National Ac-celerator Laboratory at Stanford Uni-versity will provide a major jump in imaging capability and will enable re-searchers to perform groundbreaking experiments in chemistry, in mate-rials, in biology, and in energy. The Facility for Rare Isotope Beams at Michigan State University is a one- of-a-kind linear accelerator facility that will allow researchers to study rare isotopes and their properties. This facility will support research that ex-pands our understanding of atomic structures and could facilitate discov-eries in medicine and even in physics. H.R. 4376 reaffirms the Federal Gov-ernment’s key role in basic science re-search. My home State of Texas has long been a world leader in advanced science and technology, and it is home to mil-lions of entrepreneurs eager to take ad-vantage of the best research facilities in the world. These user facility upgrades will give the private sector the tools they need to develop breakthrough technologies in medicine, manufacturing, and en-ergy. Investing in this research infra-structure will also help train the next generation of researchers in chemistry, physics, and materials science. Here in Congress, it is our responsi-bility to take the long-term view and be patient, making smart investments that can lead to the next big discovery. This bill funds the research infrastruc-ture necessary to make those very dis-coveries possible. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chair-man L AMAR SMITH, Representative D AN L
IPINSKI , Energy Vice Chairman S TEVE  K
NIGHT , and Representative R ANDY  H
ULTGREN for joining me as original cosponsors of this very important leg-islation. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to support this bill, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4376, the Department of Energy Re-search Infrastructure Act of 2018. Mr. Speaker, the legislation includes authorizations of important upgrades to the world-class Department of En-ergy user facilities at Lawrence Berke-ley National Laboratory and the SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory. These upgrades will enable academic and industrial users to examine and de-velop advanced materials and chemical processes for a wide range of applica-tions, from advanced batteries to high- temperature superconductors to next generations pharmaceuticals. b1715 This bill also directs DOE to build a new cutting-edge facility that was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.043 H13FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1097 February 13, 2018 
competitively selected to be sited at Michigan State University. This facil-ity will enable researchers to advance our fundamental understanding of the nature of rare nuclear isotopes, with impacts in fields ranging from nuclear astrophysics to medicine. Our laboratories are the crown jewels of American innovation, and the user- driven science facilities at those labs and at our universities are the founda-tion on which our leadership in science is built. I am very pleased to support this bi-partisan effort to expand our research capabilities at DOE, and I hope this is an area in which we can continue to work together. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH), who is the very honorable chairman of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. We are going to lose Chair-man S
MITH, and we ought to start re-searching now to replace him. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Texas, the Energy Subcommittee chairman, for those nice comments and for yielding me time on this bill. H.R. 4376, the Department of Energy Research Infrastructure Act, is an im-portant piece of legislation introduced by Congressman S
TEVE KNIGHT from California. The Department of Energy is the leading sponsor of basic research in the physical sciences, and DOE national labs host over 30,000 researchers each year. To maintain America’s global leadership in scientific discovery, we must ensure our user facilities are the best in the world. This bill is also cosponsored by Rep-resentative D
ANLIPINSKI , Energy Sub-committee Chairman R
ANDY WEBER , and Representative R
ANDY HULTGREN , and it authorizes funding from within the DOE Office of Science’s existing budget to complete construction of three science infrastructure projects. The bill provides for upgrades to the Advanced Light Source at Lawrence Berkeley National Lab and to the Linac Coherent Light Source at the National Accelerator Laboratory at Stanford University. The Knight bill also authorizes and directs the construction of the Facility for Rare Isotope Beams at Michigan State University through the DOE nu-clear physics program. All together, the enhanced capabili-ties made possible by this bill provide significant breakthroughs in discovery science and maintain America’s high- tech leadership. I thank the Energy Subcommittee chairman and the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. K
NIGHT ) for their initiatives in developing and managing this legis-lation, and I encourage my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. WEBER of Texas. It is my dis-tinct honor now to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. KNIGHT ). Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4376, the De-partment of Energy Research Infra-structure Act of 2018. This legislation authorizes important upgrades to DOE light sources that support the research infrastructure needed to conduct leading initiatives in chemistry, physics, biology, medi-cine, and manufacturing. In addition, this bill authorizes a unique user facil-ity that will allow researchers to study rare isotopes and their properties. These upgrades at DOE’s best-in-the- world user facilities will facilitate dis-covery science and bring the best and brightest scientists in the world to the U.S. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chair-man S
MITH and the Energy Sub-committee for introducing this impor-tant legislation. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4376 authorizes critical investments in research infra-structure at our national labs and uni-versities and will ensure the next big discoveries in physical sciences, manu-facturing, medicine, and energy can happen right here in these United States. I want to thank, again, the sponsors of this bill and also thank the research-ers and stakeholders that provided feedback as we developed this legisla-tion. I certainly want to thank Con-gressman K
NIGHT from California. Mr. Speaker, I urge the adoption of this commonsense, bipartisan legisla-tion, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. W
EBER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4376, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
BUILDING BLOCKS OF STEM ACT Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3397) to direct the National Science Foundation to support STEM education research focused on early childhood, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3397 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Building Blocks of STEM Act’’. SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
The Congress finds the following: (1) The National Science Foundation has made the largest financial investment in STEM education of all Federal agencies, and plays a very powerful role in helping to set research and policy agendas. (2) Studies have found that children who en-gage in scientific activities from an early age de-velop positive attitudes toward science and are more likely to pursue STEM expertise and ca-reers later on. (3) However, the majority of current research focuses on increasing STEM opportunities for students in middle school and older. (4) Women remain widely underrepresented in the STEM workforce and this gender disparity extends down through all levels of education. Strategic funding of programs is needed in order to understand and address the root cause of this gap. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Director’’ means the Director of the National Science Founda-tion. (2) E
ARLY CHILDHOOD .—The term ‘‘early childhood’’ applies to children from birth through the age of 10. (3) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .—The term ‘‘institution of higher education’’ has the meaning given the term in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a)). (4) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY .—The term ‘‘local educational agency’’ has the meaning given the term in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 USC 7801), except that such term also includes preschools, after-school programs, and summer programs. (5) STEM.—The term ‘‘STEM’’ has the mean-ing given the term in section 2 of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 6621 note). (6) Y
OUNG GIRLS .—The term ‘‘young girls’’ means female individuals who have not attained the age of 11. 
SEC. 4. SUPPORTING STEM RESEARCH ON EARLY CHILDHOOD. 
In awarding grants under the Discovery Re-search PreK–12 program, the Director shall con-sider age distribution in order to more equitably allocate funding for research studies with a focus on early childhood. 
SEC. 5. SUPPORTING GIRLS IN STEM EDUCATION AND COMPUTER SCIENCE. 
(a) R ESEARCH GRANTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director shall award grants, on a competitive basis, to institutions of higher education or nonprofit organizations (or consortia of such institutions or organizations), to accelerate research efforts to increase under-standing of the factors that contribute to the participation of young girls in STEM activities. (2) R
ESEARCH AREAS .—Research areas funded by a grant under this subsection may include— (A) the role of teacher training and profes-sional development, including effective incentive structures to encourage teachers to participate in such training and professional development, in encouraging or discouraging young girls from participating in STEM activities; (B) the role of teachers in shaping young girls’ perceptions of STEM and discouraging such girls from participating in STEM activities; (C) the role of other facets of the learning en-vironment on the willingness of young girls to participate in STEM activities, including learn-ing materials and textbooks, classroom decora-tions, seating arrangements, use of media and technology, classroom culture, and gender com-position of students during group work; (D) the role of parents and other caregivers in encouraging or discouraging young girls from participating in STEM activities; (E) the types of STEM activities that elicit greater participation by young girls; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.045 H13FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1098 February 13, 2018 
(F) the role of mentorship and best practices in finding and utilizing mentors; (G) the role of informal and out-of-school STEM learning opportunities on girls’ percep-tion of and participation in STEM activities; and (H) any other activity the Director determines will accomplish the goals of this subsection. (3) G
RANT RECIPIENT REPORT .—An entity awarded a grant under this subsection shall re-port to the Director, at such time and in such manner as the Director may require, on the ac-tivities carried out and materials developed using such grant funds. (b) D
EVELOPMENT AND TESTING OF SCALABLE  M
ODELS FOR INCREASED ENGAGEMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director shall award grants, on a competitive basis, to institutions of higher education or nonprofit organizations (or consortia of such institutions or organizations), to develop and evaluate interventions in pre-K and elementary school classrooms that increase participation of young girls in computer science activities. (2) P
ARTNERSHIPS .—In order to be eligible to receive a grant under this subsection, an insti-tute of higher education, nonprofit organiza-tion, or consortium, shall enter into a partner-ship with one or more local educational agency or State in carrying out the activities funded by such grant. (3) U
SES OF FUNDS .—Grants awarded under this subsection shall be used for activities that draw upon the expertise of the partner entities described in paragraph (2) to increase participa-tion of young girls in computer science activi-ties, including— (A) offering training and professional devel-opment programs, including summer or aca-demic year institutes or workshops, designed to strengthen the capabilities of pre-K and elemen-tary school teachers and to familiarize such teachers with the role of gender bias in the classroom; (B) offering innovative preservice and in-serv-ice programs that instruct teachers on gender- inclusive practices for teaching computing con-cepts; (C) developing distance learning programs for teachers or students, including developing cur-ricular materials, play-based computing activi-ties, and other resources for the in-service pro-fessional development of teachers that are made available to teachers through the Internet; (D) developing a cadre of master teachers who will promote reform and the adoption of gender- inclusive practices in teaching computer science concepts in early childhood education; (E) developing tools to evaluate activities con-ducted under this subsection; (F) developing or adapting pre-K and elemen-tary school computer science curricular mate-rials that incorporate contemporary research on the science of learning, particularly with respect to gender inclusion; (G) developing and offering gender-inclusive computer science enrichment programs for stu-dents, including after-school and summer pro-grams; (H) providing mentors for girls in person and through the Internet to support such girls in participating in computer science activities; (I) engaging parents of girls about the dif-ficulties faced by girls to maintain an interest and desire to participate in computer science ac-tivities, and enlisting the help of parents in overcoming these difficulties; (J) acquainting girls with careers in computer science and encouraging girls to consider ca-reers in such field; and (K) any other activities the Director deter-mines will accomplish the goals of this sub-section. (4) G
RANT RECIPIENT REPORT .—An entity awarded a grant under this subsection shall re-port to the Director, at such time and in such manner as the Director may require, on the ac-tivities carried out, materials developed using such grant funds, and the outcomes for students served by such grant. (5) EVALUATION REQUIRED .—Not later than 4 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director shall evaluate the grant program under this subsection. At a minimum, such eval-uation shall— (A) use a common set of benchmarks and as-sessment tools to identify best practices and ma-terials developed and demonstrated by the part-nerships described in paragraph (2); and (B) to the extent practicable, compare the ef-fectiveness of practices and materials developed and demonstrated by such partnerships with those of partnerships funded by other local or State government or Federal Government pro-grams. (6) D
ISSEMINATION OF RESULTS .— (A) E
VALUATION RESULTS .—The Director shall make publicly available free of charge on an Internet website and shall submit to Congress the results of the evaluation required under paragraph (5). (B) M
ATERIALS .—The Director shall ensure that materials developed under a program fund-ed by a grant under this subsection, that are demonstrated to be effective in achieving the goals of this subsection (as determined by the Director), are made publicly available free of charge on an Internet website, including through an arrangement with an outside entity. (7) A
NNUAL MEETING .—The Director may con-vene an annual meeting of the partnerships par-ticipating in a program funded by a grant under this subsection, for the purpose of fostering greater national collaboration. (8) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—At the request of a partnership seeking a grant under this sub-section, the Director shall provide the partner-ship with technical assistance in meeting any requirement of this subsection. 
SEC. 6. COMPUTER SCIENCE IN THE ROBERT NOYCE TEACHER SCHOLARSHIP PROGRAM. 
Section 10 of the National Science Foundation Authorization Act of 2002 (42 U.S.C. 1862n–1) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘and mathematics’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘mathematics, informatics, and computer science’’; (2) in subsection (a)(3)(B), by striking ‘‘or mathematics’’ and inserting ‘‘mathematics, informatics, and computer science’’; (3) in subsections (b)(1)(D)(i), (c)(1)(A), (d)(1), and (i)(7), by striking ‘‘or mathematics’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘mathematics, informatics, or computer science’’; and (4) in subsection (i)(5), by striking ‘‘or mathe-matics’’ and inserting ‘‘mathematics, or com-puter science’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. K
NIGHT ) and the gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE  J
OHNSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include ex-traneous material on H.R. 3397, as amended, the bill now under consider-ation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful for the op-portunity to speak on an important policy to improve our Nation’s STEM education. H.R. 3397 is a bipartisan bill that I am proud to sponsor with Ms. ROSEN , and it fits in with a larger set of edu-cation and workforce improvement leg-islation the Science, Space, and Tech-nology Committee has recently re-ported to address critical challenges to our STEM workforce. Investing in our children and their futures is always an opportunity for good. Strategically expanding the reach of our STEM education programs to children of all ages will improve more individuals with aptitude are en-gaged and stay on their educational path. Research shows that kids as young as 1, 2, or 3 are capable of absorbing STEM concepts. And any parent can tell you that shortly after kids learn to talk, the questions can be endless. Children have a natural curiosity that can be fostered into an interest in science, technology, engineering, math, and computer science. This bill directs NSF to more equi-tably allocate funding for research in studies that focus on early childhood. Investing in children early ensures we are laying the groundwork to develop young innovators in STEM. I would like to thank Ms. R
OSEN for her work on the bill. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to support this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3397, the Building Blocks of STEM Act. I want to thank Ms. R
OSEN for her lead-ership on this issue. Drawing upon her experience as a girl who codes, Ms. R
OSEN has been a strong champion for creating more opportuni-ties for talented girls and women inter-ested in computer science. I commend Ms. R
OSEN for her efforts on this criti-cally important issue. The demand for computer science ex-pertise is on the rise in all sectors of the economy. To ensure that we have the capacity to meet that demand, we must do more to leverage all of our human capital to tackle the techno-logical challenges of the future. Research shows us that girls as young as 6 years old are adopting gen-der-based stereotypes that discourage them from engaging in STEM activi-ties, including computer science. H.R. 3397 directs NSF to support re-search into factors that contribute to the early adoption of these stereotypes. The bill also directs NSF to support the design, development, and imple-mentation of scalable models for inter-vention to prevent or reverse the ef-fects of these negative and false stereo-types. I strongly support this bill, and I urge my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH), who is the chairman of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE7.020 H13FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1099 February 13, 2018 
Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentleman from California, a member of the Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee, for yielding me time on this particular piece of legislation. I do support H.R. 3397, the Building Blocks of STEM Act, introduced by Representative J
ACKY ROSEN and Rep-resentative S
TEVE KNIGHT , the Energy Subcommittee vice chairman. The bill will help boost our ability to get young people interested in STEM subjects. America lags behind many other nations when it comes to science, technology, engineering, and mathe-matics. American students are ranked 19th in science and 31st in math out of 35 industrialized nations, the bottom half in both. This is not the edu-cational record of a country that wants to compete globally. We must encourage our Nation’s youth to study science and engineering so they will want to pursue these ca-reers. More graduates with STEM degrees means more advanced technologies and a more robust economy. A well-edu-cated and trained STEM workforce pro-motes our future economic prosperity. These graduates have the potential to develop technologies that could save thousands of lives, jump-start a new in-dustry, or even discover new worlds. H.R. 3397 directs the National Science Foundation to more equitably allocate funding for research in studies that focus on early childhood. Invest-ing in young students seeks to lay the groundwork to interest them in STEM in their formative years. The bill also directs the National Science Foundation to develop scalable models to increase young girls’ partici-pation in computer science. Despite representing nearly half of the college- educated and total U.S. workforce, women account for less than 25 percent of America’s STEM workforce. In the last Congress, my bill, the STEM Education Act of 2015, was signed into law. That bipartisan legis-lation expanded the Federal definition of STEM to include computer science. H.R. 3397 continues the bipartisan com-mitment of the House Science, Space, and Technology Committee to promote computer science as a part of STEM by adding computer science to the Robert Noyce Teacher Scholarship Program. I thank Representative J
ACKY ROSEN  and Representative S
TEVE KNIGHT for working together on this bill. I also thank the chairwoman of the Research and Technology Subcommittee, Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , for her work to improve the underlying legislation by offering the Supporting Girls in STEM Education and Computer Science amendment. Including today’s five research bills, 20 of the 22 bills the Science, Space, and Technology Committee has brought to the House floor this Con-gress have been bipartisan pieces of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support these five bipartisan bills. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentle-woman from Nevada (Ms. ROSEN ). Ms. ROSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, H.R. 3397, the Building Blocks of STEM Act, which also includes my Code Like a Girl Act. I first want to thank my Republican colleague, S
TEVE KNIGHT , for working with me and co-leading this important legislation and our Science, Space, and Technology Committee chairman, L
AMAR SMITH, for helping move this bill through committee. I am proud to see both of my STEM education pro-posals come to the floor with wide bi-partisan support. STEM and computer science are cen-tral to our country’s innovation, eco-nomic growth, and employment. Across the country, we are continuing to see a huge demand for workers in the tech industry, including software devel-opers, engineers, and computer pro-grammers like myself. I built my career in STEM—a field that has long been dominated by men— so I know all too well that the demand for talent in STEM is real. In my home State of Nevada, tech companies like Tesla, Switch, and Google are leading the way to create the jobs of the future. Even across all industries, about 15 percent of jobs in Nevada require a high level of knowl-edge in at least one STEM field. Despite these increasing opportuni-ties in STEM careers, not enough Americans possess the education and skills necessary to succeed. This dis-parity between computing and sci-entific talent and employer demand really starts as far back as elementary school. Studies have found that children who engage in scientific activities from an early age will develop positive atti-tudes toward science and are more likely to pursue STEM careers later on. In fact, interviews with current graduate students and scientists found that the majority of them reported that their interest in science began be-fore middle school. b1730 The bill before us today, the Building Blocks of STEM Act, will ensure that we are investing in our children as early as possible by directing the Na-tional Science Foundation to equitably distribute funding across age groups. Specifically, this bill would direct funding to include early childhood edu-cation in the Discovery Research PreK–12 program, which seeks to en-hance the learning and teaching of STEM and address the immediate chal-lenges facing pre-K through 12 STEM education. Currently, the Discovery Research PreK–12 program focuses the majority of its research on students in middle school or older. Since having access to hands-on STEM experiences as early as possible is important for continued in-terest, my bill will ensure that NSF fo-cuses on engaging our Nation’s chil-dren in STEM education even younger, specifically, those under the age of 11. H.R. 3397 also includes the text of an-other STEM bill of mine, the Code Like a Girl Act, which I introduced with the support of my Republican colead, Con-gresswoman ELISE STEFANIK . It is also cosponsored by Subcommittee on Re-search and Technology Chairwoman B
ARBARA COMSTOCK and Committee on Science, Space, and Technology Rank-ing Member E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON ; and I would like to thank them both for their support. This legislation is for our girls, girls like Isabel, an eighth grader from my district who loves STEM. She is on her high school robotics team. Last year, for a school project, she proposed a new monitoring system to accurately assess the fire issues at Yellowstone National Park. This past summer, I received a letter from Isabel, and in her letter to me, she offered an idea on how to increase and improve solar energy in Nevada. I wrote back to Isabel and later had the opportunity to meet her and her family in person. I thanked her for her advo-cacy and let her know that we will only move forward in this country by inspiring young minds to create, inno-vate, and imagine the future. Isabel is one of the young girls we are fighting for today. Young girls should know that they are more capable of succeeding in STEM and that they can grow up to be the next Grace Hopper or Katherine Johnson. This bill will help bridge that divide and close the gender gap that, for too long, has deprived young women from achieving their full poten-tial. These young, talented minds could be working on our Nation’s most chal-lenging problems by inventing the next breakthrough technology, founding fu-ture startup companies, improving ac-cess to healthcare with computing, and even keeping our Nation safe from cyber attacks. The Code Like a Girl Act would create two NSF programs to encourage young girls to pursue com-puter science. As we all know, the gender gap in the STEM workforce is widening. Women only hold about 26 percent of STEM jobs, even though they make up more than half of the U.S. workforce. This gender disparity extends down through all levels of education. In 2015, approxi-mately 23 percent of AP computer science exam takers were girls. And gender stereotypes begin at a very early age. Studies have shown that, at around 6 years old, girls de-velop the belief that brilliance is a male characteristic, and this negative stereotype is shown to have an imme-diate effect as girls start to lose their interest in activities they perceive as requiring brilliance. Another study found that young chil-dren, both boys and girls, already be-lieve that boys are better than girls at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.047 H13FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1100 February 13, 2018 
robotics and programming. It is un-clear where precisely this stereotype originates from, but implicit biases can have a negative impact on a girl’s aca-demic achievement in math and science and on their future decisions to enroll in advanced courses in these sub-jects. The Code Like a Girl Act addresses this issue by creating NSF grants to increase understanding of the factors that contribute to the participation of young girls 10 and younger in STEM and computer science activities. This bill also creates a grant program to de-velop and evaluate interventions in pre-K and elementary school class-rooms with the goal of increasing par-ticipation of young girls in computer science. Some of these activities may include teacher training and professional de-velopment, classroom programs on gen-der-inclusive teaching practices, and providing mentors for girls to support their computer science aspirations. We know that young girls are interested in science, math, and computing, but we need to make sure that, as they grow older, they stay involved and engaged. We also know that knowledge of com-puter science and use of technology is becoming increasingly essential for all individuals, not just those planning to work in the technology sector. STEM education cultivates students’ curi-osity, their creativity. It teaches them to work as a team and fosters critical thinking skills that are fundamental for success in any field. Mr. Speaker, this legislation will help invest in our students. It will help them rise to meet the challenges of a changing economy that increasingly relies on highly skilled labor and tech-nology. I am proud to stand for our stu-dents before this Chamber because, to-gether, we are making smart invest-ments that will help our children suc-ceed, smart investments so that we can help our communities build more effec-tive workforces and a stronger, com-petitive economy. For these reasons, I am proud that my Building Blocks of STEM Act, in-cluding the text of my Code Like a Girl Act, is being considered today. With the passage of these bills, we are one step closer to bridging the current gaps in STEM education and workforce training. Building the blocks for careers in STEM will prepare Nevadans and all Americans for better jobs and help us meet the demands of our 21st century economy. I urge my colleagues to sup-port this legislation. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I support the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, investing and encour-aging early education in STEM are needs that we know are here now and even more in the future. I want to thank Ms. R
OSEN for her leadership in this role. It is absolutely something that is bipartisan. It is something that Congress is behind. I can tell you, just on a personal note, Lancaster High School came out with their robotics team more than a decade ago, 100 percent boys. Just a short period after that, about 4 or 5 years, they were 50 percent girls, 50 percent boys, and they were winning awards all over the country. That was because we had great teachers there who pushed and made sure that girls knew that they could be on the robot-ics team and pulled them in. That is exactly what we are talking about: in-vesting and encouraging. I urge passage of this good bill. This is bipartisan. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. KNIGHT ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3397, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
EXTENDING GENERALIZED SYS-TEM OF PREFERENCES PRO-GRAM Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4979) to extend the Generalized System of Preferences and to make technical changes to the competitive need limitations provision of the pro-gram, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4979 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. EXTENSION OF GENERALIZED SYS-TEM OF PREFERENCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 505 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2465) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2020’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to articles entered on or after the 30th day after the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) R
ETROACTIVE APPLICATION FOR CERTAIN  
LIQUIDATIONS AND RELIQUIDATIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 514 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1514) or any other provision of law and subject to subparagraph (B), any entry of a covered ar-ticle to which duty-free treatment or other preferential treatment under title V of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2461 et seq.) would have applied if the entry had been made on December 31, 2017, that was made— (i) after December 31, 2017, and (ii) before the effective date specified in paragraph (1), shall be liquidated or reliquidated as though such entry occurred on the effective date specified in paragraph (1). (B) R
EQUESTS .—A liquidation or reliquida-tion may be made under subparagraph (A) with respect to an entry only if a request therefor is filed with U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act that contains sufficient information to enable U.S. Customs and Border Protection— (i) to locate the entry; or (ii) to reconstruct the entry if it cannot be located. (C) PAYMENT OF AMOUNTS OWED .—Any amounts owed by the United States pursuant to the liquidation or reliquidation of an entry of a covered article under subpara-graph (A) shall be paid, without interest, not later than 90 days after the date of the liq-uidation or reliquidation (as the case may be). (3) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: (A) C
OVERED ARTICLE .—The term ‘‘covered article’’ means an article from a country that is a beneficiary developing country under title V of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2461 et seq.) as of the effective date specified in paragraph (1). (B) E
NTER ; ENTRY .—The terms ‘‘enter’’ and ‘‘entry’’ include a withdrawal from ware-house for consumption. (c) A
NNUAL REPORT ON ENFORCEMENT OF  E
LIGIBILITY CRITERIA .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter through Decem-ber 31, 2020, the United States Trade Rep-resentative shall submit to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a report on efforts to ensure that countries designated as beneficiary de-veloping countries under title V of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2461 et seq.) are meeting the eligibility criteria set forth in section 502(c) of such Act (19 U.S.C. 2462(c)). 
SEC. 2. TECHNICAL MODIFICATION TO PROCE-DURES FOR COMPETITIVE NEED LIMITATION AND WAIVERS. 
Section 503 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2463) is amended— (1) in subsection (c)(2)— (A) in the matter following subparagraph (A)(i)(II), by striking ‘‘July 1’’ and inserting ‘‘November 1’’; and (B) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘on January 1, 1995’’ and inserting ‘‘in any of the preceding three calendar years’’; and (2) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘July 1’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Novem-ber 1’’. 
SEC. 3. CUSTOMS USER FEES. 
Section 13031(j)(3)(A) of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(j)(3)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘February 24, 2027’’ and inserting ‘‘August 1, 2027’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. R
EICHERT ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AS-
CRELL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Washington. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 4979, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Washington? There was no objection. Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to speak today in support of H.R. 4979, a bill to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.049 H13FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1101 February 13, 2018 
extend the Generalized System of Pref-erences and to make technical changes to the competitive need limitations provision of the program. This bipar-tisan bill helps keep U.S. companies globally competitive by eliminating tariffs on certain imports from devel-oping countries in a manner that does not hurt U.S. producers. GSP saved U.S. companies more than $865 million in import duties in 2017, providing benefits to thousands of com-panies and their employees as well as their customers. GSP also provides an important enforcement tool to require all 121 beneficiary developing countries to continue to make progress on eligi-bility criteria set by Congress. These include critical issues like intellectual property protection, market access for U.S. exporters, and elimination of the worst forms of child labor. In my home State of Washington, GSP saved companies about $11 million in import duties in 2017, and that is up 30 percent from 2016. As just one exam-ple, TRInternational, a small but quickly growing, veteran-owned chem-ical distributor in Seattle, relies on GSP to obtain certain chemical raw materials at globally competitive prices. Our last renewal of GSP in 2015 allowed TRI to hire more employees and invest in more equipment. Many of TRI’s customers are U.S. manufactur-ers, and TRI’s use of GSP to obtain raw materials at lower prices also makes these manufacturers more competitive. For TRI and other Washington com-panies like Rain City Music that use the GSP program, their employees, and American consumers, GSP provides significant benefits. And of course, I urge my colleagues to join us in supporting this bill, and I am pleased to be working with my good friend B
ILLPASCRELL , who joins us here tonight. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I am happy to stand here with my chairman from the great State of Washington, (Mr. R
EICHERT ). This is a bipartisan bill. The Generalized System of Pref-erences expired December 31, 2017. I rise today to urge my colleagues to support the legislation that would renew what I consider a very important program. This is a longstanding trade program, Mr. Speaker, that has enjoyed broad bi-partisan support since 1974. Since the GSP already expired, it is imperative that we extend the program now. While this bill makes slight technical corrections, no real substantive changes were made in the existing pro-gram. I am open to having a debate on modifications that would enhance GSP in the future. I would have liked to have had it before this debate, had the time that we are debating right now and not have let the program expire, but, unfortunately, I am not in control of the calendar. I am pleased, however, that we agreed to work to renew this program in its current form on a bipar-tisan, bicameral basis. Established by the Trade Act of 1974, GSP promotes economic development by eliminating duties on thousands of products when imported from one of approximately 120 designated bene-ficiary countries and territories. This program not only supports American competitiveness and economic oppor-tunity, but it also encourages devel-oping countries in the program to adopt high labor standards, intellec-tual property rights, and the rule of law. So, as part of the current program, the committee known as the GSP Sub-committee of the Trade Policy Staff Committee conducts an annual review of the articles, an annual review of all the countries that are involved, that are eligible for duty-free treatment under this program. This committee is chaired by the United States Trade Representative and comprised of rep-resentatives of other executive branch agencies. The law requires that the President take into account several factors when designating a country as eligible for GSP. These factors include whether a country has taken or is taking steps to afford workers internationally recog-nized worker rights—that is what the law says—and the extent to which a country is providing adequate and ef-fective protection of intellectual prop-erty rights. Last year, the administration began a review of Bolivia’s compliance, as an example, with the labor eligibility cri-terion due to concerns regarding the use of child labor and other labor abuses in Bolivia. b1745 The legislation we are considering today includes a new reporting require-ment that will improve the effective-ness of congressional oversight of the administration’s enforcement of these eligibility criteria and the progress made under effective investigations. Article I, section 8 is very clear of what the legislators in this House have as a responsibility. It is my hope that Con-gress can further strengthen the en-forcement mechanisms of the GSP in the future. The program also boosts the competi-tiveness of United States companies and workers by reducing the cost of imports used to manufacture goods in the United States. In 2016, products valued at $18.9 billion entered the United States duty-free under the pro-gram. Since the expiration of the pro-gram, small- and medium-sized enter-prises have borne the burden of higher costs of products imported under the GSP. Consider Primetac, which is located in Little Ferry, New Jersey, in my dis-trict. It is a family-owned business from my district that uses the GSP-eli-gible goods to support their industrial packaging business. When GSP last ex-pired, Primetac was forced to raise prices to compensate for the new im-port taxes. This was no small increase. The company estimates it paid about $1.5 million in new tariffs during the program’s lapse. This legislation would provide bene-fits retroactively to GSP-eligible im-ports so that small- and medium-sized American companies like Primetac can take full advantage of the benefits of GSP and boost their business’ produc-tivity It is critical that we act quickly. I also want to mention that the GSP is also intended to prevent domestic com-panies from being harmed. Under the current process, the competitive need limitation provision within the law im-poses ceilings on GSP benefits for each product and for each beneficiary coun-try. The GSP statute provides that a beneficiary developing country loses GSP eligibility with respect to a prod-uct if the competitive need limitations are exceeded and then no waiver is granted. In closing, I look forward to consid-ering this legislation. With the success-ful passage of GSP, I hope that we will be able to issue a joint, bipartisan statement and continue working to-gether to show the strong support for this program. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BRADY ), the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this bipartisan bill to renew the Generalized System of Preferences program for 3 years. I thank Congressman R
EICHERT for his leadership of the Trade Sub-committee and the good work that Mr. P
ASCRELL has done as well. This program, known as GSP, is in-credibly important for the competi-tiveness of our local businesses and our local workers. It helps our families and our communities by reducing tariffs, which are essentially taxes, on prod-ucts that many of us use every day. Through GSP, we secure tax-free ac-cess to thousands of products from around the world. Last year, this saved American busi-nesses more than $865 million. In Texas alone, our local job creators saved more than $76 million. Of course, this is money that our businesses can in-stead use to hire more workers, to ex-pand, and innovate. But, really, think about what it means for families. Think about that single mom in the grocery store care-fully reading every price tag so she can stretch every dollar to the max. For her, GSP makes everyday essentials more affordable, as well as the occa-sional treat that saves money. It pro-vides her with real peace of mind. GSP delivers all these benefits in an accountable way that doesn’t hurt American workers or businesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.052 H13FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1102 February 13, 2018 
I thank all the Members who worked on this important pro-growth, pro-fam-ily bill; in particular, our Ways and Means Committee members: Congress-man N
EAL, my ranking member; Con-gressmen R
EICHERT and P ASCRELL , our Trade Subcommittee chairman and ranking member; and Congresswoman J
ACKIE WALORSKI , who has been an out-standing leader in this effort. Now, let’s pass this bill, provide cer-tainty for our job creators, and deliver the tax relief that American families deserve. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from In-diana (Mrs. W
ALORSKI ), one of the dis-tinguished members of the Ways and Means Committee. Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 4979, which extends the Generalized System of Preferences—or GSP—program through 2020. GSP helps American manufacturers, both big and small, cut input costs, which, in turn, lowers prices for con-sumers. Companies saved $865 million in import duties in 2017 alone. I thank the chairman, in particular, for including my bipartisan bill, H.R. 4068, the Competitive Need Limitation Modernization Act, which I introduced with my friends, the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. T
ITUS) and the gentleman from Florida (Mr. R
OSS). My bill makes two small but impor-tant technical fixes to the competitive need limitation—or CNL—process. CNLs are exemptions granted by the government on products that exceed the dollar or percentage thresholds for GSP eligibility. They can be granted for a number of reasons, including na-tional security, no domestic produc-tion, or low import levels. Manufacturers in my district reached out to my office when they were denied a CNL on a type of wood not found in the U.S. But because of a government spreadsheet that stated there was a do-mestic product that was like or di-rectly competitive as of January 1, 1995, they were denied. There was no information beyond that, just that date and that spreadsheet. The manu-facturers even had sworn affidavits from producers in the industry saying there was actually nothing like or di-rectly competitive to this wood in the U.S., but it didn’t matter. This arbitrary and inflexible date forces manufacturers like the ones in my district to pay millions in unneces-sary duties, hurting American workers and consumers. And it hurts domestic producers that have brought jobs back to the U.S. since 1995 because that date is all that matters in a CNL applica-tion. My bill changes that date to the last three calendar years to better reflect current domestic production. It also better synchronizes CNL application dates and the date that full-year trade data is released to provide more cer-tainty. I am glad we are taking this step to reauthorize GSP and to ensure that it is working the way Congress intended. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Flor-ida (Mr. CURBELO ), another member of the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I thank Chairman R
EICHERT and Ranking Member P
ASCRELL for their important work on this legislation. I am proud to be a cosponsor of H.R. 4979, to provide a 3-year renewal of the Generalized System of Preferences. The GSP program provides duty-free access to the U.S. market for selected goods from 121 developing countries. As a member of the Ways and Means Committee, I have always been an ad-vocate of policies that allow businesses and consumers to acquire products of their choice at the best possible price. The GSP program gives our businesses and consumers that choice by pro-moting economic growth in developing countries while creating jobs here at home. In 2017, U.S. importers enjoyed near-ly $865 million in savings on import du-ties under the GSP program. During the same year, my home State of Flor-ida had $1.2 billion of imports covered by the program and a total savings of $59 million on import duties. Mr. Speaker, that is about a 40 percent in-crease in savings from 2016. I want to share the story of Mr. Bruce Price, a small-business owner in my district who would benefit from re-newing the GSP program. He recently told my office he expects savings in the range of $25,000 to $45,000 per year if the program is renewed. For Mr. P
RICE, those savings go a long way and make a major difference in determining his business decisions. I commend the work the Ways and Means Subcommittee on Trade has done to reinforce our commitment to free and fair trade partnerships around the world. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of H.R. 4979 to help Mr. P
RICE and other small-business owners hire more workers all across our country. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time to close. Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. N
ORMAN ), who has been a leader on this issue. Mr. NORMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman R
EICHERT for his work on this. As Chairman B
RADY said, this is very important. I have a lot of manufactur-ers in my district who really can’t get parts in this country and they depend on other countries, and it is vital that they remain competitive. So I thank Chairman R
EICHERT for his work on this. I rise today to support the reauthor-ization of the Generalized System of Preferences program, or GSP. In 2016, job creators and producers in my State saved $16 million on $422 mil-lion worth of imports. In 2017, pro-ducers in my State saved $17 million on GSP imports through reduced tariffs. These savings translate directly to how much companies can reinvest in their businesses and their employees. GSP also provides the executive branch with effective enforcement strategies to make sure the United States is not being taken advantage of in trade deals. President John F. Kennedy once said: ‘‘A rising tide lifts all boats.’’ This is the opportunity before us today. We can support American pros-perity while helping lift others out of poverty. I urge support of this bill, Mr. Speak-er. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. We have had expiration times in the last 5 or 6 years, but we always come together. We passed last week the Mis-cellaneous Tariff Bill in Trade. I think that is a good sign moving forward, working together in order to protect— not be protectionists, but protect American industries. I think that this is a very, very important move. I also think that extending it to 2020 is a great idea. I think this is very, very important, so I won’t be back here next year anyway. We have a little foresight here. So I thank Mr. REICHERT for bringing this to the floor. We worked hard to get this here. We hope we will get help from the other side of the building. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank my friend from New Jersey because we have worked on a lot of issues together over the past almost 14 years now, and I do agree with him. There are few moments where we have a chance to sort of have a kumbaya moment. MTB, a week or two ago, was one of those. Tonight, on GSP, is another one that doesn’t sound—you know, GSP, people ask: What is that? And we tried to ex-plain it tonight. It is a complicated issue, but the bot-tom line is that this is good for Amer-ican businesses. It creates jobs, ener-gizes the economy. Coupled with tax reform and fair trade agreements that we are also working together on, I think we can look forward to a bright, bright future here in the United States for our working men and women and our families. So our last renewal of GSP in 2015 al-lowed TRI to hire more employees, as I said. So we are looking forward to, you know, more jobs being created. And TRI, I know, is going to be very pleased by the fact that this is going to be voted on tonight. It is clear that H.R. 4979 has strong bipartisan support, and for good rea-son. Renewing GSP will benefit U.S. companies, workers, and consumers. Any additional delay in renewing this important program has real costs in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.053 H13FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1103 February 13, 2018 
my home State, as I mentioned, and throughout the country. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Washington (Mr. R
EICHERT ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4979, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
b1800 COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, February 12, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, I have the honor to transmit a sealed envelope received from the White House on February 12, 2018, at 3:28 p.m., and said to contain a message from the President on his framework for rebuilding infrastructure in America. With best wishes, I am Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS, Clerk of the House. f 
FRAMEWORK FOR REBUILDING IN-FRASTRUCTURE IN AMERICA— MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 115–95) The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Agriculture; Com-mittee on Education and the Work-force; Committee on Energy and Com-merce; Committee on the Judiciary; Committee on Natural Resources; Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform; Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure; Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs; and Committee on Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed: To the Congress of the United States: I have enclosed with this message my Administration’s framework for re-building infrastructure in America. Our Nation’s infrastructure is in an un-acceptable state of disrepair, which damages our country’s competitiveness and our citizens’ quality of life. For too long, lawmakers have invested in infra-structure inefficiently, ignored critical needs, and allowed it to deteriorate. As a result, the United States has fallen further and further behind other coun-tries. It is time to give Americans the working, modern infrastructure they deserve. To help build a better future for all Americans, I ask the Congress to act soon on an infrastructure bill that will: stimulate at least $1.5 trillion in new investment over the next 10 years, shorten the process for approving projects to 2 years or less, address unmet rural infrastructure needs, em-power State and local authorities, and train the American workforce of the future. To develop the infrastructure frame-work I am transmitting today, my Ad-ministration engaged with Governors, mayors, Federal agencies, State and local agencies, Members of Congress, industry, and most importantly, the American people who depend on up-graded infrastructure. The product of these efforts is a roadmap for the Con-gress to draft and pass the most com-prehensive infrastructure bill in our Nation’s history. My Administration’s plan addresses more than traditional infrastructure—like roads, bridges, and airports—but addresses other needs like drinking and wastewater systems, waterways, water resources, energy, rural infrastructure, public lands, vet-erans’ hospitals, and Brownfield and Superfund sites. The reforms set forth in my plan will strengthen the econ-omy, make our country more competi-tive, reduce the costs of goods and services for American families, and en-able Americans to build their lives on top of the best infrastructure in the world. My Administration is committed to working with the Congress to enact a law that will enable America’s builders to construct new, modern, and efficient infrastructure throughout our beau-tiful land. D
ONALD J. T RUMP .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , February 12, 2018. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 6 o’clock and 3 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. B
OST) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: H.R. 4533, by the yeas and nays; and H.R. 4979, by the yeas and nays. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. The second electronic vote will be conducted as a 5-minute vote. f 
LEXINGTON VA HEALTH CARE SYSTEM The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4533) to designate the health care system of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs in Lexington, Kentucky, as the ‘‘Lexington VA Health Care Sys-tem’’ and to make certain other des-ignations, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 402, nays 0, not voting 28, as follows: 
[Roll No. 70] YEAS—402 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.054 H13FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1104 February 13, 2018 
Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—28 
Bass Black Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Buchanan Byrne Carter (TX) Costa Cummings Denham Duncan (SC) Flores Frankel (FL) Gaetz Gonzalez (TX) Gutie´rrez Messer Nunes O’Rourke Pearce Posey Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Sessions Stivers Titus Valadao Vargas b1854 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
EXTENDING GENERALIZED SYS-TEM OF PREFERENCES PRO-GRAM The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4979) to extend the General-ized System of Preferences and to make technical changes to the com-petitive need limitations provision of the program, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Washington (Mr. R
EICHERT ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 400, nays 2, not voting 28, as follows: 
[Roll No. 71] YEAS—400 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—2 
Amash Hunter 
NOT VOTING—28 
Bass Black Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Buchanan Byrne Carter (TX) Costa Cummings Denham Duncan (SC) Flores Frankel (FL) Gaetz Gutie´rrez Issa Messer Nunes O’Rourke Pearce Posey Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Sessions Stivers Titus Valadao Vargas 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE7.021 H13FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1105 February 13, 2018 
b1903 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, had I been present for the vote today on H.R. 4533—To designate the health care system of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Lex-ington, Kentucky, as the ‘‘Lexington VA Health Care System’’ and to make certain other des-ignations, (rollcall No. 70), I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ Additionally, had I been present for the vote on H.R. 4979—To extend the Generalized System of Preference and to make technical changes to the competitive need limitations provision of the program (rollcall No. 71), I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 620, ADA EDUCATION AND REFORM ACT OF 2017; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3299, PROTECTING CONSUMERS’ ACCESS TO CREDIT ACT OF 2017; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3978, TRID IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2017; AND PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM FEBRUARY 16, 2018, THROUGH FEBRUARY 23, 2018 Mr. BURGESS from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–559) on the resolution (H. Res. 736) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 620) to amend the Ameri-cans with Disabilities Act of 1990 to promote compliance through edu-cation, to clarify the requirements for demand letters, to provide for a notice and cure period before the commence-ment of a private civil action, and for other purposes; providing for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 3299) to amend the Revised Statutes, the Home Own-ers’ Loan Act, the Federal Credit Union Act, and the Federal Deposit In-surance Act to require the rate of in-terest on certain loans remain un-changed after transfer of the loan, and for other purposes; providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 3978) to amend the Real Estate Settlement Pro-cedures Act of 1974 to modify require-ments related to mortgage disclosures, and for other purposes; and providing for proceedings during the period from February 16, 2018, through February 23, 2018, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
OBSERVING AMERICAN HEART MONTH (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, as we observe American Heart Month, we are reminded of how important diet and lifestyle choices are to our health. Sadly, heart disease remains the leading cause of death in our country. Making heart healthy choices, knowing your family’s heart history, and reg-ular checkups are all integral parts of cardiovascular health. Organizations like our very own United Way of Miami-Dade work along-side community clinics to conduct screenings and tests to help prevent and manage health issues. This month, United Way of Miami-Dade is partnered with FamilyWize, a program that provides access to affordable pre-scription medications. The University of Miami’s HeartAware risk assessment is an on-line screening survey offered by UHealth. This program helps patients identify their risk for developing car-diovascular disease, learn the next steps based on their risk factors, and promotes lifestyle changes to lower their risk of heart disease. Let us all take time during American Heart Month to focus on our hearts and encourage not only ourselves but our family and friends to live healthier lives. f 
CAREER AND TECHNICAL EDUCATION MONTH (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, as co- chair of the bipartisan Career and Technical Education Caucus, I rise in recognition of National CTE Month. CTE programs train students of all ages for jobs in high-skill, high-de-mand, and high-paying fields. By estab-lishing partnerships between educators and industry leaders, CTE helps build a well-educated and skilled workforce ready to meet local business needs. In Rhode Island, the Westerly Edu-cation Center, by way of example, col-laborates with Electric Boat to train pipefitting students like Stephanie and Richard to build our Nation’s next gen-eration submarines. The Genesis Center partners with CVS, Building Futures, and Appren-ticeship Rhode Island to train workers, including Kathia, Jidma, and Lim, to become pharmacy technicians. Cindy was recently offered a job by CVS soon after she finished an apprenticeship. CTE is good for students, businesses, the Rhode Island economy, and econo-mies everywhere because it narrows that gap between what we are teaching in schools and what the needs of busi-nesses really are. I am proud to introduce a resolution celebrating CTE Month with my friend, colleague, and caucus co-chair, Rep-resentative G.T. T
HOMPSON . Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join us in cosponsoring H. Res. 730. SUPPORTING MEDICARE ADVANTAGE (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to share my strong support for the Medicare Advantage program. I re-cently led a bipartisan letter with 298 Members of the House to the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, or CMS, urging them to preserve and strengthen Medicare Advantage. Mil-lions of seniors rely on Medicare Ad-vantage, and they need access to the high-quality healthcare plan choices that Medicare Advantage plans pro-vide. CMS will soon be issuing final policy and payment updates. These changes will have widespread implications on Medicare beneficiaries throughout the country. Our letter calls on CMS to preserve the program’s integrity and existing incentives for MA plans that will offer high-quality, efficient, and patient-centered coverage options for consumers. Mr. Speaker, the Medicare Advantage program covers nearly 19 million sen-iors across the country and provides care coordination, disease management programs, out-of-pocket spending lim-its, access to community-based pro-grams, and additional supplemental benefits like vision, dental, and even prescription drug coverage. We need CMS to continue to strengthen and enhance Medicare Ad-vantage for our seniors. f 
CAREER, TECHNICAL, AND VOCA-TIONAL EDUCATION PROGRAMS (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speak-er, on Monday, President Trump intro-duced his infrastructure plan, and while it covered many conventional in-frastructure questions, it also singled out the need to modernize career, tech-nical, and vocational education pro-grams. At a time when 6 million jobs across the country remain vacant because em-ployers can’t find workers with the skills they require, it is vital that we expand these programs to meet the needs of students, workers, and busi-nesses. The President’s plan highlights the importance of modernizing career, technical, and vocational education programs to guarantee that workers have the skills necessary to succeed in their chosen career. Last month, as well, the President chose to highlight the importance of career and technical education to our economy in his State of the Union Address. Fortunately, the House has already passed Congressman T
HOMPSON ’s and my bill to reauthorize Career Tech-nical Education programs. Now, with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.062 H13FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1106 February 13, 2018 
the President’s support, I am confident that our Senate colleagues will act and move this bipartisan legislation fur-ther without undue delay. Our students need it, our businesses need it, and our economy needs it right now. 
f 
FEBRUARY IS HEART MONTH (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, for more than 50 years, we have observed February as Amer-ican Heart Month. Heart disease is the Nation’s number one killer. During this month, we reaf-firm our commitment to combating heart disease and educating all people about the benefits of a healthy, active lifestyle. Mr. Speaker, before I came to Con-gress, I worked for nearly 30 years as a therapist rehab manager and licensed nursing home administrator. I under-stand the unique challenges facing in-dividuals who have suffered a stroke or other life-changing injuries. Often, it is a long road to recovery. But an active lifestyle can help lower blood pressure, boost levels of good cholesterol, im-prove blood flow, and more. Cardiovascular disease, including heart disease and stroke, remains the leading cause of death globally with more than 17.9 million deaths each year. But by making healthy choices— including a balanced diet and regular exercise—individuals can lower their risk for cardiovascular disease by as much as 80 percent. I hope that Heart Month 2018 inspires more Americans to take control of their cardiovascular health and begin a healthy lifestyle journey. 
f 
b1915 HONORING THE LIFE OF RAY BAUM (Ms. ESHOO asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I rise this evening to pay tribute to a great man, Ray Baum. Ray Baum was the staff director of the Energy and Commerce Committee. He came to Washington, D.C., to take on the senior policy role at the com-mittee with the Subcommittee on Communications and Technology. Ray was a gentleman who was schol-arly in terms of his understanding of the issues. He served in the Oregon State House of Representatives and as chairman on the Public Utilities Com-mission in the State of Oregon. His deep and broad knowledge is something that we all benefited from. I think the House and our country has lost a true patriot. Ray was a man of great faith. He had two great loves in his life: Kristine, his wife; their 6 children and 10 grand-children. He was only 62 years old. He also loved public service and his coun-try. He gave great service to his coun-try. I feel very blessed to have served with him at the committee and to have formed a friendship that will last with me all the days of my life. God bless you, Ray. Thank you for the example and the role model that you have been to so many of us. May you rest in peace. We will always re-member you with love, respect, and al-ways with affection. f 
PHOENIX-MESA GATEWAY AIRPORT (Mr. BIGGS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, tonight, I recognize the incredible expansion of Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport. After originally serving as an Air Force base for over 50 years, and closed due to the BRAC process, Gateway re-opened in 1994 and now provides com-mercial airline service to more than 35 destinations. This airport is a signifi-cant economic asset to Arizona’s econ-omy, contributing $1.3 billion every year. Each month, Gateway sets new records. Last year, the airport saw a 9 percent increase in passenger traffic, making 2017 the second busiest year in the airport’s history. I fully expect Gateway to shatter expectations in 2018. The construction of SkyBridge Ari-zona will help facilitate trade between the United States and Mexico. We an-ticipate this project will create thou-sands of jobs and unleash millions of dollars for our economy. I thank the board of directors, staff, employees, and East Valley residents who are committed to Gateway Air-port’s success. Gateway Airport would not be the pride of the East Valley without their dedication. 
f 
WE NEED REAL SOLUTIONS (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to call attention to the bad deals President Trump continues to push onto the American people. As the administration continues to celebrate rewarding the top 1 percent with its bonanza, his administration is looking to slash programs like Social Security, Great Lakes water restora-tion, heating assistance for the elderly, and food for hungry people, just to name a few. The President’s budget is as unrealistic as it is cruel. But Con-gress holds the power of the purse, and we intend to employ it. When you think about it, President Trump’s hollow $1.5 trillion infrastruc-ture plan actually only includes $200 billion in Federal investment and ex-pects the States to come up with five times that much. I suppose some would call that a Ponzi scheme. His plan cedes Federal leadership and passes the buck to struggling State and local governments. Maybe some of my colleagues represent places that can af-ford all that. We certainly can’t in Ohio. I can’t figure out why the President, who claims to be a builder himself, shortchanges his real chance to invest in America. Whether it is the deficit- raising budget or his flawed infrastruc-ture deal, we know the American peo-ple need real solutions, not more hol-low, false promises. f 
HONORING FLORIDA’S THIRD DISTRICT OLYMPIANS (Mr. YOHO asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, on February 9, the Winter Olympics began in South Korea. As we celebrate the world coming to-gether to achieve the very best in sports, I am extremely proud and ex-cited to announce that Florida’s Third District has three young speed skaters, Brittany Bowe, Erin Jackson, and Joey Mantia, who are competing in the Olympics. Brittany, Erin, and Joey are from the town of Ocala, a city in my district with no ice rink. Yet, under the tute-lage of Renee Hildebrand, these ath-letes have perfected their skills through regular training on roller blades. In fact, Erin had only spent 4 months total training on ice before earning her spot, making her position as the first African-American woman to qualify for the U.S. long track team even more remarkable. Brittany, Erin, and Joey, all of Flor-ida’s Third District is rooting for you, and I know you will make our commu-nity and the Nation proud. Good luck, and go Team USA. 
f 
CONGRATULATING KELECHI IBEZIM ON BECOMING AN EAGLE SCOUT (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Kelechi Ibezim, a high school senior from Glen Ridge, New Jersey, for becoming the first African- American Eagle Scout in Troop 55 of the Northern New Jersey Boy Scouts Council. This young man is a resident of my district. Along with others in his troop, Kelechi led the effort to build an out-door classroom at the Montclair Child Development Center. The center serves underprivileged children and focuses on teaching them social skills. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.064 H13FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1107 February 13, 2018 
Kelechi has spent time painting schools, volunteering for nonprofits, and serving as treasurer of the youth branch of the Montclair NAACP. He plans to pursue a career in business or law once he graduates from college. Mr. Speaker, Kelechi is just one of the many examples of young people in my district making Black history every day. I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Kelechi on re-ceiving his Eagle Scout ranking. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF DR. JAMES E. CARTER (Mr. COMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember Dr. James E. Carter from my hometown of Tompkinsville, Kentucky, who passed away on Feb-ruary 12, 2018. For over 50 years, Dr. Jimmy served generations of families in Monroe County as their physician, earning the title of Doctor of the Year by the American Academy of Family Physi-cians, as well as being named one of America’s Top Family Doctors. Throughout his years of service to his community, he was not only a be-loved doctor, but was widely respected for being the leader of one of Ken-tucky’s greatest political families: the Monroe County Carter family. Dr. Jimmy’s father, Abe, also held countless political offices. His uncle, Tim Lee, was a U.S. Congressman. His grandfather, James Carter, and his uncle, James, Jr., held the same circuit judgeship for nearly a century. Dr. Jimmy served on the Monroe County Board of Education and as Monroe County GOP Chair for most of my life. Although Monroe County has lost one of our greatest public servants, I join with the entire community in celebrating his accomplishments and reflecting on his meaningful, compas-sionate presence in our life. May God continue to bless his chil-dren, Jim, Tom, Cindy, and Mary Cath-erine, through whom his legacy lives on. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF RAY BAUM (Mr. PALLONE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I come to pay tribute to the life of Ray Baum, the Republican staff director of the House Energy and Commerce Com-mittee. Ray passed away on Friday after a courageous fight against cancer. I will always remember Ray as an op-timist. During our ongoing committee negotiations on an autonomous vehi-cles bill, Ray was always pushing us, looking for a solution that both Demo-crats and Republicans could support. He was always optimistic about our prospects. Thanks to his prodding, we were able to pass a bipartisan bill out of the committee. Ray was also extremely committed to being a public servant. When we marked up the Republican’s ACA re-peal bill, the markup went on in com-mittee all night. Ray was sick at that time, but he refused to leave the mark-up. Finally, Chairman WALDEN , his staff, and mine convinced Ray to go home. But that did not stop him from watching the lively debate all night long on C–SPAN from home. In fact, my staff was still getting emails throughout the night. My thoughts and prayers go out to Ray’s family, Mr. Speaker, the staff of the Energy and Commerce Committee, and everyone else who knew Ray. He is going to be sorely missed. 
f 
WELCOME HOME, ROPER’S COUNTRY STORE AND CAFE (Mr. OLSON asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I am hon-ored to work for the Texans in a small town on the Brazos River, in Simonton, Texas. There is an icon in Simonton that is loved by all in Fort Bend County. It is called Roper’s Country Store and Cafe. Roper’s fought Mother Nature twice: the Brazos River dropped by uninvited in 2016, and again with Hurricane Har-vey in August of last year. At 6 a.m., exactly 1 week ago, Rop-er’s beat Mother Nature. As you can see in this photograph, the owner, Lauren Gillespie, is watching Maria Silva welcome Anne, Ramona, and Laura home to Roper’s. I dropped by last Saturday and had a homemade breakfast with Simonton Mayor Louis Boudreaux. Maria was still smiling when I went there Satur-day, as I filled up. Her shirt says: Texas Strong. What that really says is: Simonton Strong, Roper’s Strong. Welcome home, Roper’s. 
f 
HONORING PASTOR B.R. DANIELS (Mr. VEASEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Pastor B.R. Daniels as he celebrates 45 years of service at Beth Eden Missionary Baptist Church in Fort Worth, Texas, on February 18. From an early age, it was his love for the Word of God that led him to pursue a degree in religious studies at the Southern Bible Institute in Dallas. In addition, Pastor Daniels graduated with a master’s degree and a Ph.D. in Christian education from Aspen Theo-logical Seminary in Denver, Colorado. Installed as the pastor of Beth Eden in 1972, his leadership has helped raise the church’s profile and membership to nearly 1,000 members. It is due to Pas-tor Daniels’ dynamic leadership that a $3.2 million building program was com-pleted and celebrated in 2016. A pillar of the community, Pastor Daniels continues to be an active mem-ber of the community by leading the region as moderator of the North-western District Baptist Association while also holding various civic leader-ship positions around the city of Fort Worth and Tarrant County. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to cele-brate his 45th pastoral anniversary and his years of spiritual leadership to our community. f 
LOS ZETAS (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, over the weekend, I went to the Texas-Mex-ico border near Laredo. On this, my 20th border trip, I spent time along the river with the Border Patrol. Los Zetas Mexican drug cartel controls a sophisticated smuggling op-eration of people and drugs. They have scouts on rooftops on both sides of the border, using cell phones and high-tech equipment to look for the Border Pa-trol. Everyone pays to be smuggled across the Rio Grande. The cost is $500 to $800 for a Mexican; $3,000 to $5,000 for a Cen-tral American; and $15,000 to $30,000 for Chinese or countries of special interest, like Bangladesh. Everybody pays. This organized crime gang uses stash houses on both sides of the border to conceal border crossers or drugs. When the coast is clear, Los Zetas moves peo-ple or drugs further into Texas, and then throughout the country. This is a very sophisticated criminal network. Mr. Speaker, the outlaw Los Zetas cartel makes millions of dollars on our unsecured border. Enough with the rhetoric. Secure America first. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
b1930 BREAKING DOWN THE PRESI-DENT’S INFRASTRUCTURE PLAN The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) is recognized for 60 min-utes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I was trying to add up the number of times that we have been here on floor over the last decade to talk about infra-structure. I suspect it is maybe 20 or 30 times that we have talked about it, and this last weekend, guess what happened on Monday. The President decides to talk about infrastructure. So here we are. On Tuesday, we are going to pick up the issue of infrastructure. Let me just take a quick tour. Since they don’t allow movies or slides here on the floor, we are going to run through these fast. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.066 H13FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1108 February 13, 2018 
Some of you remember this. This was 1 year ago yesterday when the Oroville Dam spillway gave way and we had the biggest waterfall in the entire world. It came very close to wiping out 200,000 people—bad maintenance problem. Or maybe this one. This is not the bridge to nowhere. This is the Inter-state 5 bridge between Seattle and Vancouver, British Columbia. It col-lapsed, and I–5 didn’t work. Or maybe this one. Oh, I think you have heard about this. That would be the water in Flint, Michigan. Still haven’t solved the entire problem, but maybe several thousand kids and fami-lies were drinking contaminated water, water contaminated with lead. And I didn’t need to go all the way back to Flint, Michigan, to find a prob-lem. In my own State of California, many communities are facing the same problem: either contaminated water or no water. We have got an infrastructure prob-lem: dams breaking, bridges falling, water contaminated. Are you won-dering why? Well, this is illustrative. You see, way, way back in 1973, we were spending somewhere about $10 bil-lion a year on clean water and sanita-tion, drinking water. And over the years, we have seen a decline. This is constant dollars, 2014 dollars. We have seen a decline in the purchasing power so that, in 2016, we were somewhere around $2 billion, so from 10 to 2. Do you wonder why we have a prob-lem? We are not spending the money on it. And so the American Society of Civil Engineers comes out with an annual report card. Now, if your kids sent home this report card, you might have a serious conversation with them. So Donald Trump comes into office and, whoa, we have got an infrastruc-ture problem. And he comes up with a solution to address this report card from the American Society of Civil En-gineers: oh, aviation, D; bridges, C- plus; dams, D; drinking water, D. Let’s go over here; rail is a B. That is good. But most of those are private companies. Ports, a C-plus; parks and recreation, D; schools, a D-plus; solid waste, tran-sit, D, D, D, all the way down. Yep, we have got a problem. We have got a seri-ous problem. And so what does it mean if we were to solve the problem? Well, here, let’s solve that problem. We will turn this around. Well, the problem is all of those D’s that you saw. So what if we were to spend $1—how about $1 billion—on transportation in-frastructure, the return to the econ-omy is somewhere around $3.54; or, for every $1 billion that we invest in trans-portation and infrastructure, 21,671 jobs. A 6-year bill with at least $100 bil-lion of annual funding supports 2.18 million American jobs. Now, what is it that our esteemed President proposed? Well, here is his infrastructure plan: He cuts more than $168 billion over the next 10 years from existing transportation and infrastruc-ture programs. He provides Wall Street with an opportunity to invest and slashes the Federal investments and passes the buck to the cities and the counties in the State. That is his infra-structure plan. Oh, did I tell you he said he had $200 billion that he was going to use to le-verage $1.3 trillion of private money? Well, it doesn’t really work. And we are going to talk about that because what actually happens, that $200 bil-lion that is so beautiful, so awesome, incredible—what is it? Well, let’s see. I have already said that, from the highway safety pro-grams, total, $122 billion; from the TIGER grants, which are very popular, that go out to local entities to build specific transportation programs like intermodal—train, bus, rail, highway stations—cuts that by $5 billion; Am-trak, cuts that by $7.5 billion over the next 10 years; rural air service, cuts by $590 million; the Army Corps of Engi-neers, cuts that by $10.1 billion over the next years. These are real programs. So what is that $200 billion that the President takes such pride in presenting to the American public? It is money that is already spent on infrastructure projects. There is zero—no, nada, no new money. He is simply taking money from those programs that I just de-scribed and transferring it to a new set of programs that, well, he will probably put T-R-U-M-P in gold across the top of it and say: Look what we have done. All you have done is to create admin-istrative chaos. Not one nickel of new money. It is the repurposing of existing dollars and transferring it to new pro-grams which, instead of 80 percent Fed-eral money to 20 percent local money, he flips it on its head, and now the Fed-eral Government will spend 20 percent and the local governments and State governments will spend 80 percent. Huh? How does that work? Where is the Federal investment? No new money. And instead of the Federal Government being the big partner, the Federal Government becomes the minor partner. What is that all about? Well, unless you happen to be a Wall Street baron and you want to buy Dul-les Airport, in which case his program would pony up 80 percent of the money and the private investor would put up 20 percent of the money; and I guar-antee air travelers, international and domestic, would be thoroughly paying higher fees for the privilege of going to Dulles, which is now a private airport. It doesn’t make much sense. Or maybe you want to travel on Interstate 5 from Mexico to Canada. He would propose that we turn Interstate 5, all the way up the West Coast, into a privately held toll road, of which, presumably, 80 percent would be paid for by some loan or some grant from the Federal Government and 20 percent by some Wall Street investors. Final point, and then I want to turn to my colleagues, as I said, we have been here on the floor perhaps 20 or 30 times over the last several years talk-ing about infrastructure. I will tell you this: The Democrats are proposing a better deal for America. We want to in-vest in America, and we want it made in America. Oh, by the way, in the President’s proposal is the elimination of the Buy America standards and the Davis- Bacon fair wage program. So we have a better way of doing it, and we are going to spend a little bit of tonight talking about how we might have a better real deal for America, not some fake program that doesn’t have any new money. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the Congress-man from North Carolina (Mr. P
RICE) to talk about infrastructure. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, J
OHN G
ARAMENDI , for taking up the special orders and for doing such a striking job, compelling job, of lining out what the country needs to do in the way of building our roads and bridges and our energy infrastructure. So much that needs to be done that would make a big difference for jobs, for our economy; and then contrasting that, unfortu-nately, with what the President, after a year of looking forward to this, seems to have come up with. It is just baffling, and I think we need to under-stand here tonight what is going on and resolve to do better. We have got to do better than this. Although the President is, of course, onto a major issue, we have always said that. During the campaign, in the early months of the new administra-tion, President Trump spoke a lot about infrastructure, promised to put forward a bold plan to put Americans to work, repairing, modernizing our in-frastructure. Now, many issues divide Democrats and Republicans, but that really isn’t one of them. This is an issue that po-tentially, at least, unifies us, brings us together. During the last election, both candidates were talking infrastructure. It stood out as an area of common ground, potential bipartisan coopera-tion. Unfortunately, I am afraid, now, after a year, and after a year of concen-trating on other things like repealing healthcare and a massive tax cut for the wealthy, now, finally, the Presi-dent does come around to infrastruc-ture, and, frankly, it is pretty underwhelming. The plan doesn’t make good on the promise that he put for-ward during the campaign for a serious bipartisan plan. It certainly isn’t bi-partisan. It calls for $1.5 trillion in new invest-ment, but it shifts the overwhelming majority of the cost to States and mu-nicipalities, forcing them to either raise taxes or to sell off public assets or to cut other critical programs. So it is, on the face of it, just inadequate. The Federal investment: $200 billion supposed to leverage $1.5 trillion. And it reverses the split in terms of Federal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.069 H13FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1109 February 13, 2018 
and State responsibility. That is an 80/ 20 Federal-State split now, in most cases. Now it is going to go something like 20/80, and the States and the local-ities are burdened with taking this on with very limited and very inadequate Federal support. So it is inadequate, and it is certainly inadequate as a Fed-eral investment. Secondly, and my colleague has stressed this very effectively, this is a bait and switch. This is a bait and switch. I am the ranking Democrat on the Transportation and Housing Appropria-tions Subcommittee. So we are now, with the budget agreement enacted last week, looking forward, hopefully in a bipartisan way, to writing a trans-portation bill for the remainder of 2018. Transportation investments that have bipartisan support are now in sight be-cause of this budget agreement. But then along comes, ironically, the Presi-dent’s infrastructure plan alongside his budget proposal, which actually deci-mates the transportation programs we already have. b1945 Mr. G
ARAMENDI stressed that very ef-fectively. I will add just a few specifics, but this is the most incredible part of this plan to me. It not only falls short, but it actually does great damage to the infrastructure investments we are already making. For example, we are building Union Station in Raleigh, North Carolina, at this moment. It is going to be a multimodal facility. It is going to fa-cilitate transit bus transportation. It is also an intercity rail station with an Amtrak train leaving for Charlotte three times a day. That is going to be increased because it is a very success-ful run. Union Station, a multimodal facility: the essence of infrastructure, creating jobs. How do you think Raleigh is paying for that? It would be known as a TIGER grant, along with State and local participa-tion. The President’s budget totally eliminates TIGER grants, which have provided that kind of support around this country for innovative infrastruc-ture projects, particularly multimodal projects. TIGER grants: eliminated in the President’s budget. Community Development Block Grants: eliminated in the President’s budget. What on Earth are they thinking down there at the White House, to be simultaneously talking about a great infrastructure initiative and, at the same time, taking away the basic bread and butter infrastructure pro-grams we already have? Aviation: the President wants to cut Federal aviation appropriations. FAA facilities and equipment: cut. FAA operations: cut. What are they thinking? And then most incredible of all, when you turn to the ground transportation budget, they want to eliminate all new starts for mass transit in this country: cut the so-called capital investment grants radically. The President wants to cut the very successful Northeast Corridor Amtrak operations radically. He wants even more to cut Amtrak operations in places like the Southeastern United States, the Midwest, and California— these very promising regional routes. And this is an infrastructure pro-gram? It certainly sounds like an anti-infra-structure program. It does not add up. It doesn’t begin to add up. I think this is the most outrageous aspect of this: that the President is coming out with what he markets as a new, bold initiative, and, at the same time, he is actually not just trimming, he is radically cutting, as far as I can tell, all modes of transportation, vir-tually everything we count on to un-derwrite and support infrastructure at present. Then, finally, the President is mak-ing a big thing out of rolling back envi-ronmental protections and limiting the review of projects. Now, we all know— and Democrats and Republicans have gotten together on this in the FAST Act, for example—that review needs to be expedited and review needs to be ef-ficient. The FAST Act contains many provi-sions to expedite review, and those aren’t even fully implemented yet. But here we come with the President’s in-frastructure initiative, which proposes the arbitrary shortening of deadlines. It purports to override the National Environmental Policy Act, possibly even the Clean Water Act and Clean Air Act. It is hard to tell exactly what he has in mind. There is virtually no investment in clean energy infrastruc-ture, which one would think would be a major forward-looking component of any infrastructure package. Representative A
LANLOWENTHAL and I co-chair a task force called the Sus-tainable Energy and Environment Coa-lition—so-called SEEC—and we have released in the last couple of days a sustainable infrastructure proposal. When you place it alongside what the President seems to be suggesting, with some details yet to be announced, there is a great contrast. What we are advocating is that we invest smartly and we invest sustainably. We have no desire to de-stroy the core environmental safe-guards. In fact, we want to have a meaningful, serious review process. We want to incorporate forward-looking sustainability and resiliency initia-tives in our infrastructure plan. So I commend to my colleagues this report, which we just issued, which I hope will gain attention from both sides of the aisle as we attempt to deal with the President’s proposal, to deal with the appropriations bills that we are going to be considering here, and try to build into our infrastructure proposals sound environmental prac-tices, and sustainable practices, for ex-ample, taking into account climate change—global warming. The President reportedly has no in-tention of including that in his pro-posal. What a shortsighted thing that would be, to be building bridges and highways and other projects, and then some years from now find that the planning was inadequate to deal with the sea level rise, or whatever kind of effects of global warming we might have. So, again, I thank my colleague for helping us understand what we need to do as a country, but also understanding how we really need, as a Congress—and I would hope both sides of the aisle. We need to assert ourselves, not just as-sume that this is some kind of Trump proposal that we can’t criticize. Or, in fact, we need to not just criticize it, but we need to do far, far better. So I thank the gentleman. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. PRICE for the specific de-tails. I am glad that he brought up the environment issues. They certainly need to be discussed. And he is quite correct, the FAST Act, which is now just 2 years old, sig-nificantly moved projects faster through the entire program—I suppose we ought to say the FAST Act had some logic to it—and still maintained the underlying strong desire to protect our environment. Climate change: he couldn’t be more correct about that, and the specific programs that he mentioned that the President intends to cut. If this was some sort of a—I don’t know—State fair, and you had some-body on the boardwalk with the shell game, that is what is being played here. Programs that are working—he mentioned the TIGER program and the funding programs that the States and local municipalities know how to use and are now planning to put their own money in—the President would termi-nate those and start a whole new series of programs. New administrative, new chaos. We have to make this point: all of us want infrastructure. Here is the report card: Ds, Ds, Ds, one B, and a couple of Cs along the way. Just to maintain these programs at the present would be $2 trillion—not building new, not adding to what we have, but $2 trillion—just to maintain this. What does the President offer us? $200 billion. That is a B, not a T. $200 billion. The same money that we are already spending. No new dollars. Somehow that would leverage State, local, and private. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. P
RICE for bringing this to our attention. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. GARAMENDI. I yield to the gen-tleman. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I know the gentleman shares 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.070 H13FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1110 February 13, 2018 
my sense that we need to diversify our transportation system in this country. We, in particular, need to develop high- speed rail in these corridors where it makes so much sense. Raleigh to Char-lotte has been a kind of demonstration of what is possible there. And transit is not a Democratic or a Republican issue. Our cities—large and small cities—throughout this country are getting into transit: bus rapid tran-sit, light rail, and regional rail. And the notion that, ironically, espe-cially on the same week you are an-nouncing an infrastructure plan, you would, at the same time, say no new starts in transit is just beyond belief. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, re-claiming my time, is the gentleman saying that the President’s budget is inconsistent with the President’s transportation plan? In the transpor-tation plan he talks about new starts, new programs, and so forth, but he is eliminating those in the budget, trans-ferring that money over to the new programs that I guess he wants to call the Trump programs. Is that what is happening here? Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. GARAMENDI. I yield to the gen-tleman. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. That appears to be what is happening. Or else the OMB Director and the Presi-dent’s people in the White House doing this infrastructure plan never checked with each other. I do think the bait-and-switch aspect is the most incredible aspect of this be-cause it really, really would damage transportation efforts that we already depend on. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. P
RICE for those comments. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AYNE ). Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, it is a real honor and privilege to join both of my colleagues here for what is a very im-portant discussion to have. I commend Congressman G
ARAMENDI  for always being passionate, consid-erate, and diligent on these efforts around the issues that are germane and important to this country moving for-ward and being successful. So I thank him for being a role model for me here in the House of Representatives. Also, I thank Mr. P
RICE, who has been a leader. I worked with him on several occasions in North Carolina on different issues. It is good to be in both of their company on this important issue. We are here tonight on this Special Order talking about the President’s in-frastructure plan. It is not really much of a transportation plan at all. What President Trump has proposed is an-other massive giveaway to big corpora-tions. The Trump infrastructure plan would privatize much of the Nation’s infra-structure. It would replace interstate highways with tollways. It would roll back environmental protection regula-tions and workers’ rights. It would award infrastructure grants based on how much revenue is raised locally, in-stead of awarding Federal grants based on the project’s quality. Mr. Speaker, President Trump prom-ised America a trillion-dollar invest-ment in our Nation’s crumbling infra-structure. But, like always, the Presi-dent has not delivered. This is becoming a theme with him as we move through different issues that this Nation faces. There is a pat-tern developing here. My father always used to mention that type of thing. When he saw issues or something that were going awry, he would notice the pattern in the way these things are ad-dressed. There is definitely a pattern in the way the President has handled being Commander in Chief, and has not necessarily been in the best interest of the entire country, but to a select few. The Trump infrastructure plan is cut from the same cloth as the tax scam my Republican colleagues passed in December. It is cut from the same cloth as the budget President Trump proposed this week. The tax scam was a massive give-away to the billionaires and big cor-porations, to golf course owners and to owners of LLCs. Now, I don’t know much about big business and golf courses—I am a miniature golf man myself—but, once again, there is that pattern. What would be so important in the tax scam that you carve out something for golf course owners? Well, anyway. Can you say Mar-a- Lago? Also, in that same vein, if I am not mistaken, all of the Trump businesses that are still being enriched as he sits in the White House, which is totally contrary to what this Nation was built on, are all LLCs. b2000 So in the tax scam, there was a carve-out for LLCs. Oh my goodness. There seems to be a pattern here. Trump proposed a budget that slashes more than $168 billion—$168 bil-lion from Federal highway, transit, Amtrak, and water infrastructure funding. He also proposed that we pri-vatize the Nation’s air traffic control, which would add another $57 billion to the Federal deficit. So much for deficit hawks. So, before even proposing his infra-structure plan, the President proposed a $225 billion cut to infrastructure spending, all so he can pay for his tax giveaways to the rich. Mr. Speaker, Democrats and Repub-licans want to work together to rebuild America’s crumbling infrastructure, but the President’s plan doesn’t get us there at all. It is a partisan proposal that benefits the President’s corporate friends at the expense of the American people. This infrastructure plan is a major blow to my constituents and everyone who travels along Amtrak’s Northeast corridor. It proposes an Infrastructure Incentives Program that would award grants based on how much revenue is raised locally, instead of how badly needed the project is. Now, that seems not to make too much sense from where I am standing, and my constituents understand, and Congressman GARAMENDI ’s constitu-ents, and the majority of people in this House, if you really pulled them aside and asked them honestly. But that is for another day. Take, for instance, the Gateway project. The Gateway project is a multiyear, multibillion-dollar project that will repair, replace, and expand the railroad infrastructure connecting New Jersey and New York, but Boston to Washington, D.C., as well. It is the Nation’s most critical infrastructure project. The Gateway project will make com-mutes safe and more reliable for hun-dreds of thousands of people, and the economic activity it generates could create upwards of 100,000 new jobs in the region. This multiyear project, Mr. Speaker, is vital to this Nation’s health and in-frastructure. The Northeast corridor is the only line that is profitable for Am-trak in the entire Nation; and we want to cripple that. We don’t want to strengthen that. We would like to crip-ple that more. It doesn’t make sense. The Gateway project is something that is needed. It will put Americans to work. It will create a greater infra-structure and allow the two tunnels going into New York City now to be re-paired. They took a terrible beating from Superstorm Sandy, and the corro-sive saltwater got into a lot of those tunnels, damaged the electrical work in those tunnels; and I am glad my con-stituents and people going back and forth between New York and New Jer-sey don’t get to see the shape that these hundred-year-old tunnels are in. So once we create this new tunnel, it would allow us to repair the other two, which is desperately needed—des-perately needed. So it is the Nation’s most critical in-frastructure project that we see. The Gateway project will make commuters safe. It could generate, as I said, more than 100,000 new jobs in the region. The Gateway project is necessary to modernize Amtrak’s Northeast cor-ridor, which runs between Boston and D.C. It is a project that benefits people from States up and down the Atlantic seaboard. That is why the Federal Gov-ernment agreed to cover half of the cost of the Gateway project, with New York and New Jersey splitting the other half. And if my colleague would—who has greater knowledge of these issues over the years—to have a State come along and be willing—you know, we think that 70/30 splits are good with States, but New Jersey and New York has said: We will do 50/50. Now, if we can’t under-stand how that is a positive, and that the States are willing to do their part, then we don’t understand these issues. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.072 H13FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1111 February 13, 2018 
I am new to this, so I would—will the gentleman elaborate on the—I have heard that 80/20 splits are good and 70/ 30 are great. And here is a 50/50 split, yet, and still, we cannot get the Fed-eral Government to buy in, which, when Amtrak said they would take over the Northeast corridor, the Fed-eral Government was supposed to fund them to the levels they needed in order to maintain it. And Amtrak has never received the dollars that was promised since the inception of taking over the Northeast corridor. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I will attempt to answer the gentleman’s question. It doesn’t make any sense. What the President proposes, instead of the normal 80/20, sometimes a 75/25 split in which the Federal Government is the major partner so that these transportation systems are of national importance—the President is proposing across for all kinds of projects, wher-ever they may be, on the Northeast corridor, or on the West Coast, or any-where in between, that he flip it over and the Federal Government becomes the minority partner, at 20 percent; and the State, the county, the city, or in the case of New York, the tri-bor-ough—— Mr. PAYNE. Tri-State. Mr. GARAMENDI. The tri-State enti-ty comes up, in this case, as the gen-tleman said, 50 percent. But that is not good enough. He wants 20 percent Fed-eral and 80 percent tri-State. It is a for-mula for a major disaster for America’s infrastructure, because it is not just tunnels and Amtrak, it is water sys-tems. It is repairing the Flint system, repairing the Chowchilla water system in California; it is the flood control. It goes on and on and on. Unless, of course, you happen to be a Wall Street investor, and you want to—well, let’s say you want to build that tunnel. Well, the Federal Govern-ment will give you 80 percent. You come up with 20 percent. And by the way, what is going to be the cost to the commuter? So none of this makes much sense, except for one thing. Thankfully, the President, after a year plus, has come forward with a plan. We will work with that. We will take his bad plan, we will do a judo move on it, we will flip it, and then we will build a definite pro-gram for America. Let’s call it a better deal for America, a better infrastruc-ture plan. What do you think? Can we do that, Mr. P
AYNE ? I yield to the gentleman from New Jersey. Mr. PAYNE. I think the gentleman is on the right track. We are willing to work with the President. And this, un-fortunately, is another incident or an example of where his lack of knowledge of government operation is hampering what we need to do in this Nation. It is very difficult to learn on the job, especially when you have the job of Commander in Chief and you have had no experience with the government, understanding the Senate, under-standing how the House—how it oper-ates. We are willing to help him. We want him to be successful, because if he is successful, the Nation can be success-ful—not on his own, not his own per-sonal success, but success for the Na-tion. I will come to a conclusion, as I see one of my colleagues who is on the Northeast corridor has joined us as well, but just to your point about water infrastructure. So the Congressional Black Caucus went to Flint to meet with the resi-dents there, and Ms. PELOSI was on the trip and sat and met different people and what they were going through at that time. It was just sad, heart-breaking. So me, traveling back to Newark, New Jersey, which is the third oldest city in the United States of America, understanding if they were having those issues in Flint, which is nowhere near as old as Newark, New Jersey, what were the conditions in my com-munity? And lo and behold, I spoke to several mayors in my district, and I said: You need to start looking at your water system. Based on what I saw in Flint, I am very concerned. And don’t you know, that Tuesday, they found lead in 30 schools in New-ark, New Jersey, in the water system. Mr. GARAMENDI. I do need to move on to Mr. C
ICILLINE here, but Mr. P
AYNE was asking about the water sys-tems. Just look at real dollars, 2014 dollars, where the Federal investment has gone over the last 25 years, almost 30 years. So no wonder that we are not repairing and rebuilding. Mr. Speaker, let me turn to Mr. C
ICILLINE who, together with his team-mates, the gentlewoman from Illinois (Mrs. B
USTOS ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. J
EFFRIES ), developed a way of describing what it is we need to do. Last week, Mr. C
ICILLINE took on this issue of transportation, infrastruc-ture, generally, and made a proposal. Could the gentleman share with us. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ). Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I want to begin by thanking the gentleman for yielding and for his many years of ex-traordinary leadership on not only Make It In America, but on the ur-gency of rebuilding the infrastructure of our country. Tonight, I think the American people can see these two things really inter-sect, because what Democrats have proposed is for the Federal Government to be a real partner again in rebuilding our country, something that cities and States just can’t do on their own. The Federal Government has to play a real role, and we have put together a framework for a $1 trillion investment in rebuilding our roads, our bridges, our ports, our transit systems, our schools, and making the investments that will create 16 million good-paying jobs and will create a platform to grow our economy, address urgent needs. You know, America used to lead the world, was the envy of the world in our infrastructure. That is no longer the case. We are now behind countries like the United Arab Emirates and Singa-pore, according to the World Economic Forum. As Mr. GARAMENDI put up there, the American Society of Civil Engineers gives us a failing grade on America’s infrastructure. An estimated 56,000 of America’s bridges are structurally defi-cient. One out of every 5 miles of high-way pavement in our country is in poor condition. But, of course, we don’t need those report cards. We don’t need these re-ports to tell us. The American people experience it every day: being stuck in traffic, having disruptions in their rail service, having repairs to their cars. Our constituents feel it every day; and that is why it is so disappointing that the President has been unwilling to work with Democrats in a bipartisan way to craft an infrastructure plan that will actually rebuild the country, create good-paying jobs, make us the envy of the world again. Instead, he puts forth this sort of bait-and-switch. First of all, it is a $200 billion investment. Our plan is five times that. And then he says: Oh, it is really $1.7 million. Why? Because his friends are going to privatize public in-frastructure and create tolls and high-er costs for users. That is not what infrastructure is. Infrastructure is a public investment. The Federal Government plays a role. And then he proposes a budget that makes deep cuts in transportation—ac-tually, almost as much as he proposed spending. So it is like, I am willing to invest zero in infrastructure is basi-cally what the President is saying. We need a real infrastructure plan. As Mr. G
ARAMENDI said, we put forth a better deal to rebuild America, a real investment of infrastructure that will also protect environmental standards, worker rights, create good-paying jobs. Instead, what the President proposed, after all this fanfare, is a proposal one- fifth the size, while, at the same time, he is making deep cuts in infrastruc-ture programs and shreds environ-mental protections, shreds worker rights. We, of course, put in our plan ways to accelerate so these things can move forward, but it has got to be done in a way that respects labor and environ-mental standards. Mr. G
ARAMENDI has been here longer than I have. That is sort of sad. This was always a bipartisan issue. We could agree on the urgency, the necessity of rebuilding our country. b2015 It should be about national priority. We should all be committed to doing this. This is another flimflam. This proposal is basically to privatize public infrastructure, make big corporations and wealth investors rich and let work-ing class and middle class folks pay for it. It is the same thing we saw in the tax bill, the same thing we saw in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.073 H13FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1112 February 13, 2018 
budget. It is very disappointing, and I am hoping the President will study the Democratic framework and work with us to actually invest in and rebuild our country in a way that we can all be proud of. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, there are so many things we need to talk about. First of all, that $200 billion is simply repurposing existing programs, and they are laid out here. The highway fund, $122 billion reduced, transferred over to his new program, which is real-ly, really strange. He calls it $100 bil-lion of innovation. Who is going to determine what is in-novative? Who is going to determine what is going to be funded? A whole new administrative and seri-ous chaos is going to occur—TIGER grants, gone, Amtrak. Mr. P
AYNE was just talking about Amtrak and the im-portance here in the Northeast cor-ridor. I am from California, but I have got to tell you, I care a great deal about Amtrak because that is how I like to get from Washington to New York City. That is the best way to do it. Air-planes are fine, but, actually, Amtrak is just faster if you want to get down-town to downtown. But not to worry. He is going to pri-vatize Reagan and Dulles. And you think that is going to work out well for us? Oh, if you want to pay more money, yes. Rural air service. Army Corps of Engineers, extremely important to us on the West Coast, in my district. I have quite possibly the highest flood potential of any place outside of New Orleans, and we depend upon this, and yet they are going to cut it by $10 billion. It goes on and on and on. This is just the beginning of what is proposed. It is a massive shell game. The money is under this shell. No, the money is under that shell. It is the same money back and forth. We need a real program, and I am so pleased that you and your colleagues put together a real trillion-dollar pro-gram. It is solid. It is foundational. And what an opportunity was missed in this wonderful Christmas gift that the President gave to whom? The top 1 per-cent and American corporations. Ponder this for a moment: For every 1 percent reduction in the Federal cor-porate tax rate, it is $100 billion. Corporations and the Chamber of Commerce were saying from 35 take it down to 25 percent. No. Our Republican colleagues and the President went all the way to 21 percent. Let’s see, 25, 21, 4—4 percentage points. That is $400 bil-lion over 10 years. Think of the possibilities if, instead of that money flowing to corporations who apparently are going to use that money for stock buybacks and divi-dends, not for new investments—oh, ex-cuse me. They did say they had in-creased the wages. Do a careful study. Most of those wage increases are in States and localities that have in-creased the minimum wage. So $400 billion right there. Could it have been used? Yes. Foreign earnings? Mr. DELANEY , 40 Democrats, 40 Repub-licans put on the floor a proposal to re-patriate those foreign earnings back here to the United States, very low tax rate, far lower than what is in the tax bill if that money was going into an in-frastructure bank, into investments, real investments in America. Mr. Speaker, I know Mr. C
ICILLINE  has worked long and hard on this. I would like to hear more. I yield to the gentleman from Rhode Island. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I just want to point out that the President proposed and the Republicans passed a tax scam that rewarded the wealthiest people in this country and the biggest corporations. Eighty-three percent of that tax cut went to the top 1 percent. It created a debt of $1.5 trillion plus interest—over $2 trillion—for the next generation. Can you imagine if, instead of a giveaway to people who didn’t need it, that money were invested in re-building our country? You could create 16 million good-paying jobs. You could create an incredible power for our economy so we can move goods and services and information to rebuild the economy. But then you think about the will-ingness to give away that amount of money to the top 1 percent, 83 percent of the tax cut, if, instead, you had in-vested it in this urgent priority that impacts the daily lives of every single American, what a difference it would have made. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) for the many, many years that he has worked on this issue and underscoring every week the importance of investing in products made in America, and now making sure that, as we rebuild Amer-ica, that we focus on products and in-novative materials that are made here in the USA. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, Mr. C
ICILLINE seems to have prompted some energy and excitement for Mr. P
AYNE . It seems as though he wanted to jump in and say a few more words. I yield to the gentleman from New Jer-sey. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I would just like to thank both of my col-leagues and Mr. P
RICE for really show-ing a youngster at this how to engage the American people. And these issues, Mr. Speaker, are critical to Americans across the Na-tion. And, yes, there is a swath that does not have these issues to worry about, but there are people every single day who need to have us address these issues in the manner in which we are speaking. Everyone is not well off. Everyone is not able to buy for themselves. Every-one is not the owner of a golf course. Everyone is not the President of an LLC. There are hardworking people. There are people who need jobs. Reinvesting in infrastructure will put Americans to work, will give all Americans the qual-ity of life that they deserve in this Na-tion if they are willing to work for it, and we understand that. But give them the opportunity to work for it. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, there are so many things that we are going to talk about over the next sev-eral months. The President did a good thing by putting the infrastructure program on the front burner. Now, obviously, from what I have said this last hour and my colleagues, Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. P AYNE , and Mr. P
RICE, the proposal doesn’t fly. It is not a solid proposal that will solve the problems of America in a way that is good for the people you just talked about, the working men and women and the families of America. But we can work together on this, the program that the Democrats have put out, A Better Deal for America, an infrastructure plan that includes all of the elements. We haven’t talked about broadband and the availability of broadband in rural areas, which I hap-pen to represent, high-speed internet, but that is also a problem in the urban areas. We have a common interest in a good, solid infrastructure plan. Unfor-tunately, we are looking at the deficit hawks returning. They disappeared last November and December when the tax bill went through. In fact, the Presi-dent’s budget contemplates a $1 trillion deficit each and every year for the next 10 years. So where’s the money? Well, $1.5 trillion wound up in the top 1 percent and for the American cor-porations and the LLCs and golf courses, as you said. That is money that could have been used for the infra-structure, building the foundation for economic growth, educating, reedu-cating, teaching the skills. Now, the President mentioned that in his address on infrastructure, and good. But where’s the money? Show me the money. Well, it is a shell game. It ends one program, starts a new one. Administra-tive chaos will ensue. We need real, solid investment, and we can do it. The proposals are there. And we are going to talk about this every week, every day, every commu-nity meeting. We are going to talk about the tax scam and where the money went. We are going to talk about the wealthy getting wealthier. We will talk about income inequality and the way in which it invests, it ac-tually creates more. And we are going to talk about the great missed opportu-nities: education, highways, water sys-tems, sanitation systems, ports, multimodal. That is what we need to do. Mr. Speaker, I am losing my voice, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
IN HONOR OF RAYMOND SIMS BAUM The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
AST). Under the Speaker’s announced 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.075 H13FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1113 February 13, 2018 
policy of January 3, 2017, the gen-tleman from Oregon (Mr. W
ALDEN ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the des-ignee of the majority leader. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, this is a tough night for those of us on the En-ergy and Commerce Committee. We come to the floor tonight to pay honor to our staff director Ray Baum, who passed away after a valiant multiyear fight with cancer. He left this world on February 9, un-expectedly in many respects. He left before we were ready, but not before he filled us with love and grace and kind-ness, shared his intellect and his great humor. I got to know Ray in 1988. I know you don’t know this is actually me on the right here. I had hair. I was younger. This is Ray here. We were both elected to the legislature. And I don’t know about you all, but oftentimes you meet people and you don’t remember 30 years later or what-ever where you first met them. With Ray, I absolutely remember the minute I met him. Then-State Representative Bob Brogoitti from La Grande decided not to run and was announcing that pretty late in the process. I happened to be in Salem at the capitol when he brought this young attorney out of La Grande, Ray Baum, into the capitol and said: I am going to announce I am not run-ning, and he is my guy to replace me. Well, Ray and I both were first-time candidates in 1988; he in La Grande in northeast Oregon, and I in Hood River, Sherman, Gilliam, Wheeler Counties and part of Wasco. We both ran in the seats that our fathers had held and, in different eras, both been defeated. His dad already had the votes to be speaker of the house, he just didn’t quite get reelected in his seat. And we both won in 1988. We served together in the Oregon Legislature, be-came fast friends. The Republican lead-er of the house looked at the two of us and dubbed us the ‘‘pablum twins’’ after the baby food. We certainly out-grew that over time. But we became very good friends. We shared a lot of time together, legis-lated a lot together. We had a terrific experience. We both really, really were committed to public service. Ray was a member of the bar. From 1983 to 2003, he practiced law with his brother David in La Grande. As I said, he was elected to the Or-egon Legislature in 1988 and served through 1997. I became majority leader when Republicans took the house in 1990 and served in that role until I went over to the senate. He followed me as the house majority leader for the ’95 session. And then an interesting thing hap-pened. He left the legislature, and Democratic Governors, knowing what a great leader he was and how well he got along with people, decided to ap-point him to the Public Utility Com-mission in Oregon. It is a three-mem-ber commission appointed by the Gov-ernor, and he was the lone Republican. In 2003, he and the family moved to Salem. He accepted this position as a commissioner for the Oregon Public Utility Commission, where he was until 2011. In 2010, the Governor appointed him as chairman, as a Republican, of the Public Utility Commission with the other two Democrats, and they always kept the consumer in mind. He was al-ways about good, fair public policy. From 2005 to 2011, he served as the State chair of the Federal-State Joint Board on Universal Service. From 2008 to 2010, he served as chairman of the National Association of Regulatory Utility Commissioners Telecommuni-cations Committee. So he rose up in the ranks of the national organization to which he belonged. He was an incredible family man. Those of us who knew him knew it was all about his wife, Kristine, and all about their children, Rachael and Wyatt and Alexis and Mary and An-drew and Elizabeth. His kids and his 10 grandchildren, they were the light of his life. b2030 He had twin callings, if you will: his family life—an incredible father, grandfather, and husband—and public servant. He was asked about that all the time. He said about his wonderful wife, Kristine: ‘‘She has been a great exam-ple of service to others. Her charity never ends. She supported me in my pursuit of politics and put up with my ‘public service impairment.’’’ He was all about public service, and it showed. In the work we did on the Energy and Commerce Committee, I remember calling him when I became chairman of the Communications and Technology Subcommittee. We interacted over the years on telecom policy, given his national roles. I said: Ray, they are going to make me chair of the Communications and Technology Subcommittee. I am going to need your help. He said: Oh, yeah, yeah. Sure. Just call me. Whatever. Yeah, that is fine. I said: No. Ray, I am going to need your help. He said: Well, I can come back from time to time. I said: No. Ray, I am going to need you here in Washington. He said: Oh, oh. I don’t think Kris-tine would go for that. Well, their kids were out of the house at that point, and as fate would have it, she said: Actually, I think that would be fun. I think that would be a nice change. That shocked him. So he came back and served as a senior counsel, a spe-cial adviser on the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce and on the Com-munications and Technology Sub-committee, and he played a big role. Then, our mutual friend, Gordon Smith, with whom we had both served in the State legislature and who now is president and CEO of the National As-sociation of Broadcasters, lured him away for, I think, all of about 9 months. And as much as he enjoyed fighting the fight for broadcasters, which was my background, he really loved public service. When I became chairman of the com-mittee, he actually reached out to me and asked: Hey, you know, what are you going to do with that position? I was delighted that he had an inter-est in coming back to public service, and he loved it. You heard from our colleagues ear-lier tonight during 1 minutes, A
NNA E
SHOO and F RANK PALLONE , the top Democrats on the committee, who loved Ray and still do. He was just one of those rare human beings. I talked about his great intellect and I talked about his friendship. But what I haven’t talked about is what I would call his ‘‘Rayisms,’’ these funny little sayings that he always used that I think found their way into our vocabu-lary and speech without us even know-ing. His constant reminder was: ‘‘The fun never stops. The fun never stops.’’ And he would use that along the way. Generally, when things were going off the rails, he would say: ‘‘The fun never stops.’’ And he would also say: ‘‘Thanks for coming out today.’’ We all heard that on a regular basis. And on Fridays, he would go around to the staff and he would say: ‘‘You know, you have been doing such a great job, why don’t you take the next couple of days off?’’ Saturday and Sunday, of course. He would say: ‘‘Remember to come back in the morning.’’ He was, as I said, cursed, as he would describe it, with a public service im-pediment. He was very faithful, had deep faith, and was very active in the Mormon church—he and Kristine both. And he would joke that he was the only Mormon ever to oversee the Oregon Liquor Control Commission. He was a member of that, too, along the way. I want to share a couple of things. Before I do, let’s get this picture off of here because I am aging in place. This is Ray with Senator C
ORY GARDNER  from Colorado, and he was on the En-ergy and Commerce Committee, and A
NNA ESHOO , and some of the great staff we have worked with over the years on the Communications and Technology Subcommittee, where he just really thrived and got a lot done. I think about the work that we passed in a bipartisan way to free up spectrum and all. When he was diagnosed with prostate cancer several years ago and it had mi-grated, tragically, into his bones, I for-get who gave him the hats, but we knew he was going to lose his hair. So somebody came back with a different set of hats to cover up the loss of hair. Now, there is nothing wrong with los-ing your hair, I might say just as an aside, but he tried them all on; and I think you get the spirit of Ray: ‘‘The fun never stops.’’ I want to share a couple of com-ments, and then I know I have got 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.076 H13FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1114 February 13, 2018 
some terrific colleagues here who want to share with the body and with our friends who are watching. Speaker P
AUL RYAN tweeted out when he learned of Ray’s passing last week: ‘‘Ray Baum was a kindhearted man with a deep commitment to public service. The whole House mourns his passing. Please keep Ray’s wife, Kris-tine, and their family in your prayers.’’ FCC Chairman Ajit Pai said: ‘‘I had the pleasure to work with him over the past few years and was impressed by his keen intellect, fundamental kind-ness, and passion for advancing the public interest. He was a good man and I will miss him.’’ Commissioner Michael O’Rielly said: ‘‘More than a colleague, Ray was a wonderful individual with an endearing smile.’’ Gordon Smith at the NAB said: ‘‘In the time he spent working at NAB, he was to everyone a delight. We will miss his everyday greeting: ‘It’s nice to have you out today!’ His zest for life, his creative legislative mind, his infec-tious humor, his love for others, and his determined work ethic as he bat-tled cancer, these were an inspiration to all.’’ We both served with a guy in Oregon named Peter Courtney. I think he prob-ably holds the record for the longest- serving State legislator, a Democrat from outside the Salem area. And I know he holds the record for the long-est presidency of the Oregon State Sen-ate. He said: ‘‘Ray taught me a lot about how to work with the other party; how to disagree and still get things done.’’ Former State Senator David Nelson from Pendleton said: ‘‘He had a great sense of humor and a great mind, a quick mind. He was a consensus build-er.’’ Don’t we need more of those in this process? Former Union County Commissioner, Democrat John Howard, said: ‘‘When he took a position on an issue, people listened. Whether they were Democrat or Republican, people valued his opin-ion.’’ People just on Facebook wrote: ‘‘Ray Baum served the people of northeastern Oregon with distinction.’’ ‘‘Ray was a wonderful person who set a great example.’’ ‘‘Being blessed to have been neigh-bors for a number of years with Ray and his family, chukar hunting on the breaks of the Snake River will never be the same.’’ ‘‘Ray was one of the finest persons I have ever encountered in Oregon poli-tics. Top-notch selfless person.’’ One of Ray’s assistants, Drew McDowell, said: ‘‘One of my first days here was a very rainy morning, and Ray walks in without skipping a beat and says, ‘Sure is a nice day for a duck.’ I knew right then he was the type of guy that could brighten up a rainy day.’’ A.T. Johnson from the Energy Sub-committee said: ‘‘One of the last legis-lative victories came from the health team—providing FDA help for our sol-diers and other servicemembers. When I think of Ray, I really do think of the happy soldier—fighting for others, fighting his own battle, and doing it with joy and grace.’’ Jennifer Sherman, press secretary, said: ‘‘Ray loved returning to Utah to visit with his family, particularly when there was a new grandchild to be wel-comed.’’—Did I say there were 10?— ‘‘And when Ray returned to D.C., he made the focus of his daily walk-and- talk about the newest little one, to show off the latest photos’’—how proud he was—‘‘or to tell us what his grandkids were up to while he was hard at work in D.C. It was always clear that his heart was in Utah and Oregon with his loved ones.’’ It is hard to stand here and pay trib-ute, not because I don’t feel all that for Ray, but because I probably spent most of the last 4 years in wonderful denial, just believing that Ray would somehow muscle through it and be with us. I would say, being chairman of the committee, I get one of those passes from time to time that allows a senior staffer on the floor. I think there were a lot of Members who, for a long time, wondered what district he represented because he just interacted with Mem-bers here in a way I have never seen, including with the leader and the Speaker. He would corral them. He would ca-jole them, work them on our issues and the committee’s issues, and always did it with such a smile and such a wonder-ful way: big heart, big brain, incredible mentor for young and old alike. For young staff and old Members, he was a friend. He will be missed. He will not be forgotten. His imprint is all over the State of Oregon and, now, all around the country. Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. S
HIMKUS ), the chairman of the Environment Sub-committee. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I can’t beat the chair-man’s long years of friendship and de-votion and service with Ray. But we are down here to make sure that we re-mind the American people that most of us know that we are only as good as the people we have around us. That is why I wanted to come down and join my colleagues to talk about our former Republican staff director of the Energy and Commerce Committee, Ray Baum. Now, I don’t have the long years that Chairman W
ALDEN has, but I do re-member Ray coming to the city in 2011, as was noted, to be the senior policy adviser of the Communications and Technology Subcommittee, which I was fortunate to serve on. Right away, I personally noticed there was some-thing different, and this is before I really knew Ray very well. But it all made sense when you found out that he had served in elected office and he had been reelected. He served as the majority leader, and then he moved on to the public utili-ties commission. We love our staff and we love the people who devote every-thing. But we all know, as elected offi-cials, that really the crucible of what we do is election and standing in front of voters and being held accountable and responding to them. So to particularly have a staff direc-tor, or what I would call a chief of staff, the person who is trying to keep the trains running on time, it is all im-portant, but one who knows the trials and tribulations of serving in elected office is very, very helpful. I think the chairman mentioned that when he talked about Ray being on the floor, being able to talk to Members and peo-ple in the leadership alike, under-standing when our colleagues were struggling. I think the tributes earlier this evening by Ranking Member PALLONE  and Congresswoman E
SHOO also high-lighted the fact that he had a great re-lationship across the aisle, which is critical in getting that bipartisan con-sensus to really move bills on the floor. We have been very fortunate to serve on the Energy and Commerce Com-mittee. We have, I would argue, an al-most unparalleled record of success, bi-partisan, major votes, because either we work together or we have staff di-rectors who are able to keep us focused on the prize, and that is, getting by in so that there are not hugely conten-tious votes on the floor. They are large bipartisan majorities which are not spoken of very much in Washington today or covered because they just are not newsworthy enough. Chairman W
ALDEN mentioned Ray’s great love, which is his family and pub-lic service. But I think there is a third one that would call someone from the West Coast to Washington, D.C. I think a lot of us were able to observe and ap-preciate this relationship between the staff director and the chairman that went over decades: trust, loyalty, and support; so much that, as Ray contin-ued to fight through this challenge, something that kept him going was the fact that he loved this institution. He loved his Members that he was re-sponsible for—that is all of us on the committee—but he loved Chairman G
REG WALDEN and he wanted him to succeed. I think that is a great tribute to remember. So I am here just to thank Kristine, his wife, and the children who were named Rachael, Wyatt, Alexis, Mary, Andrew, and Elizabeth. I want them to know, Mr. Speaker, that we appreciate the sacrifice they gave to allow Ray to be part of this institution. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his very kind and thoughtful remarks and his tribute to a really great public servant. I think he hit the nail on the head. Ray’s hav-ing served and having gone through elections gave him that perspective. And having come from a rural part of America, like a lot of us do—in fact, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.078 H13FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1115 February 13, 2018 
my district encompasses where he is from—it gives you a different perspec-tive as well about some of the issues that sometimes get lost otherwise. I thank the gentleman for coming and for sharing. I know we have some other Members here who I think wanted to make some comments. I don’t know who would like to go next. Maybe the gentleman from North Dakota (Mr. C
RAMER ), who also was a public utilities commis-sioner—if I have the right title for whatever it is in North Dakota—public service commissioner. The gentleman knew Ray from that era and got to put up with him here, as I would kindly say. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from North Dakota (Mr. C
RAMER ). b2045 Mr. CRAMER. Mr. Speaker, let me, at the outset, as Chairman S
HIMKUS  did, express how special it was to watch a chairman and a staff director work, I think I daresay, as peers, as a team. That is very unusual in a place where titles seem to matter more than they ought to and more than they do other places. I did have the opportunity to know Ray a little bit when I was on the North Dakota Public Service Commis-sion, and he served on the Oregon Pub-lic Utility Commission. In fact, our terms mirrored exactly one with the other. A lot has been said about Ray’s com-mitment to service, and I think it is undeniable. I think of the things he could have done and probably could have made a lot more money doing, but he chose, instead, to serve people. He serves as a testimony, frankly, in many respects. This opportunity we have tonight to pay tribute to Ray and his memory is a furtherance of his tes-timony, that we here, even in Wash-ington, D.C.—yes, even here in the swamp; yes, for all the people who watch us wondering if there is any de-cency among us, we really are a family. So our tribute tonight is testimony to that because it is really testimony to his life. He served as such a great ex-ample to all of us. A lot has been said about Ray’s sense of humor. Until you get to know him, he could make you off guard a little bit every now and then. I always appre-ciated, though, that Ray had an ability to take a serious moment seriously, take a serious issue seriously, but never take us too seriously. He allowed us to sort of gain perspective because he had such a good perspective. Often-times, it was his ability to make us laugh and to find the humorous anec-dote in a moment. He was always calm. We can use a lot more calm. Maybe people don’t know this, but each of us has really big, im-portant issues that are absolutely life- changing and life-affecting and the most important thing in the world to us. Then we bring them to the greater good, to the larger group, and Ray had an ability to boil it down and, again, put it in perspective for each of us indi-vidually as well as all of us collec-tively. That is why he was such a great leader for all of us, the ability to bal-ance intellect with humor, to be funny without being frivolous, being respect-ful while also joking with us, cajoling us, as the chairman said, with every-body from the Speaker to the Sergeant at Arms, to the freshman class. He had a tremendous ability. So, Mr. Speaker, to Chairman WAL-
DEN, Kristine, and the family, we are all part of your family tonight. We all are hurting, and we all are mourning. It is hard to sugarcoat it. This thing called death is awful, this awful disease called cancer. Ray had the opportunity to serve with us in a committee that works to try and eradicate diseases. He was very helpful as we worked on im-portant legislation to do exactly that, things like 21st Century Cures and other healthcare legislation. We are all better for having known Ray. Tonight we are just a little bit sad about it to say the least. God bless Kristine, the kids, and the grandbabies. I thank the chairman for his friend-ship, to Ray, and the way that was transferred—not just transferred, but aggregated, and in a dynamic way for all of us, he served as such a great ex-ample. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman C
RAMER . I appreciate his coming down here tonight and sharing his thoughts. I think he really summed it up well. Now the chairman of the Digital Commerce and Consumer Protection Subcommittee, B
OBLATTA , who was the vice-chair of the Communications and Technology Subcommittee when I chaired that. Ray was a big part of the Communications and Technology Sub-committee and ended up as the staff di-rector. I thank B
OBfor coming down to share his comments tonight. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. L
ATTA ). Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life of Ray Baum. I thank the chairman for having this tonight because I think it is very, very impor-tant to honor his life. I was recently asked when I was back home what I liked best about being a Member of Congress. It is always one of those questions I think people think about, well, you are going to think about all the things you do down here. It is not really about being a Member of Congress down here. It is about the people you get to know, the people you get to know at home, and it is also about the people you get to know here. There are a lot of times that you don’t always get to meet someone like Ray, somebody who has that great pub-lic service instilled in him. You meet these thousands of people, but you al-ways had some people that stand out; and that is Ray. If I could, I would like to quote what the chairman said in his release when Ray passed: ‘‘Ray dedicated his life to public service, first as an elected offi-cial and then as an adviser on Capitol Hill. Our committee, the people of Oregon, and our country are better off because of Ray’s selfless service. Ray will be deeply missed, but he will not be for-gotten. The Energy and Commerce Committee will strive to honor Ray’s legacy of decency and kindness through our work, and, more impor-tantly, by following the example Ray set through the graciousness and honor he showed every day.’’ You heard Chairman SHIMKUS say the same thing. You have to get things done around this place, and if you are always going to sit in one corner and fold your arms and say, ‘‘I am not going to listen to anybody else,’’ it is not going to get done. But that was not Ray. He reached out, as the chairman mentioned and as Chairman S
HIMKUS also mentioned, that it is important to reach out to work with people. I think that it was demonstrated by the pieces of legisla-tion that we got out. Last year, he was an instrumental part of working with me and getting out the SELF DRIVE Act. We have a lot of pieces of legislation that come through, but the staff kept track. They said that we had over 300 meetings with staff and with Members in getting that bill out. It was a bill that wasn’t a Republican bill, and it wasn’t a Dem-ocrat bill. It was a bill that everyone worked together on. I think it was important because Ray had a big hand in that. I sat through a lot of meetings, and the staff sat through a lot more than I did when you think about those 300. He was a guiding hand and a very calm hand to get that bill out. When you think about a piece of leg-islation of that magnitude, when that bill came up for a committee vote, and not only for the chairman’s work, that bill went out 54–0, which is amazing for a bill of that size and that magnitude and what it meant. He was instrumental, I know when we sat down with our friends over in the Senate in an early meeting talking about what they would be doing, but he was very, very involved in it. But he was a very calming voice. I wasn’t privileged to know Ray when he began his long and distinguished public career service out in Oregon, but, again, I got to know him through his work on the committee. One of the things that I think I can say is he was an incredible person to work with. He was a gentleman, and he took time to listen and to analyze a problem. Around this place, that doesn’t happen all the time. Sometimes you jump out there first, and then you think: What am I going to say? But Ray was one of those individuals who really made sure that he was always prepared. He was ready to go forward, and he was willing to listen. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.080 H13FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1116 February 13, 2018 
I will never forget, years ago, I had a professor in college who said: You al-ways remember that God gave you two ears and one mouth; if I have to ex-plain that to you, you are going to have a hard time understanding what you have to do more of. But that was listening, and Ray listened. He always gave you a straight an-swer. That is always important because it is tough when you are working on legislation and you are working on something, and you have to get an an-swer from somebody, and they say: Well, let me think about that. But Ray wasn’t that way. He would sit down with you. He would work with you. He would be up in my office; I would be down in his office. He was al-ways there to listen. He was always giving a recommendation, and the end result was he was somebody who you could trust. I also know this, he had the respect of the Energy and Commerce Com-mittee members. He also had the re-spect of the staff, Republicans and Democrats alike. He was kind, and he was thoughtful, too. Sometimes you hear staff say that there are folks around here who don’t treat them very well. He wasn’t one of those individuals. He is going to be missed; and it is not often that you are privileged to meet someone like him or to work with someone like him of his caliber and one who always believed in putting public service above self. To his wife and family, you are in my prayers. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman W
AL-
DENfor this opportunity. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman both for his wonderful words about Ray and also his terrific record of public service here in this in-stitution. I know we have a couple other Mem-bers who have come down tonight. I think this really speaks volumes about the impact that Ray had on all of us that so many Members of Congress are coming down tonight at this hour to pay tribute and to say thanks. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
RIFFITH ). M ORGAN  G
RIFFITH is a terrific member of our committee. He is the vice-chair of the Oversight and Investigations Sub-committee. I thank the gentleman for coming down. Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for giving me this oppor-tunity. Unlike Mr. W
ALDEN , who met him back in 1988, I did not have the oppor-tunity to fall within Ray’s orbit until he became the staff director at the En-ergy and Commerce Committee about 13 months ago that I got to know him. I didn’t serve on the Communications and Technology Subcommittee, so I never had any opportunity to work with him. I found him absolutely delightful to work with, extremely intelligent, al-ways caring about the issues, pas-sionate about his work, his honesty, and his forthrightness. You could al-ways go and talk with him. Then I was particularly struck when it became clear that he was well aware of the severity of his illness and how he handled that, Mr. Speaker, with cour-age and grace. But knowing that the Energy and Commerce Committee would be han-dling and involved with the great issues of the day, he and I had several conversations about how he wanted to continue working and spending time, helping Chairman WALDEN on these issues, helping the committee, and helping our great country. So to his wife, Kristine, and their children, I thank them for sharing their great American husband, father, and citizen servant. We will all miss Ray Baum. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Morgan for those comments. He always maintained such a wonder-ful sense of humor about his own pre-dicament knowing that there was a timeline. He had been given 3 to 5 years because of the bone cancer. He went through the treatments and held up very, very well. But I know on more than one occasion he looked at me. I said: How are you doing, Ray? He said: Well, I am doing all right. But, hey, nobody has gotten out of here alive yet. He would always take the edge off. When you were feeling bad about him, he somehow would relieve that tension. Mr. GRIFFITH. He certainly did. It was remarkable and memorable. I will certainly always remember that great attitude and just all his other great at-tributes that we heard about tonight. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his comments. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ). B UDDY  C
ARTER is a distinguished member of our committee. He worked with him on a lot of different issues, healthcare, and different things. I thank B
UDDY for coming down tonight. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the gentleman for not only doing this but allowing me to be a part of it. Mr. Speaker, I am a relatively new member of the committee, as the chairman is aware. I have only served on it for about 13 months now. I have only been in Congress for 3 years. One of the most frequent questions that I get asked when I go back home is: What is the most surprising thing that you have discovered since you have be-come a Member of Congress? I tell them the truth: The most sur-prising thing is also the most encour-aging thing, and that is that there really are a lot of good people in Con-gress. There are a lot of people serving in Congress, a lot of good people who work with staff and work as staff, who are good people who truly want to do the right thing and who truly want to move this country forward. Yes, that is somewhat surprising. But more than anything, it is encouraging. Sometimes I feel like as Members that we get kind of a bad rap, that we are dysfunctional, that we don’t get along, and that we are not getting anything done. I get frustrated by that. But I think about people like Ray Baum, and I think: If they only knew somebody like this, somebody who is truly dedicated, who is truly trying to do the right thing and to move this country forward, then they would un-derstand better. You are not going to see that on the news. This is not going to be reported that, oh, we have lost one of the good guys. That is not what sells papers. That is not what drives up ratings. But it is what keeps us going. I really appreciate Chairman WAL-
DEN’s friendship with Ray and his ear-lier going over the history because that is important. I really appreciate the opportunity to add just a few words about, again, one of the good guys. In our lives, there are people and places that we remember. I know that I will always remember Ray. He helped me when I became a Member. It is tough being the new guy on the block, the low man on the totem pole, but he was a great help to me and a great help to the committee. We need more people like Ray Baum. We need more people like that up here. He was really one of the good ones. I thank Chairman W
ALDEN for giving me this opportunity to do this tonight. This is special, and I want to just offer my thoughts and prayers to the family and to the friends. He was indeed a good man. b2100 Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. C
ARTER for those wonderful words. I know Ray had such great respect for the gentleman from Georgia and other colleagues on both sides of the aisle in the committee. The working relation-ships that he developed were almost unlike any other staffer I have ever known, because he really wasn’t a staffer. It is kind of a funny thing. It is not like he thought of himself as a Member or anything. He was just Ray. He didn’t let barriers keep him from helping people succeed. I just think for Oregon, my home State, he was kind of the sixth Con-gressman. The only thing he lacked was a voting card. People knew when Ray was speaking, he was speaking on my behalf. We could double up on Northwest issues, whether it was the Columbia River Treaty, rural telecom issues, or energy grid issues. It was really a twofer for the price of one. Well, maybe 1
1⁄2. Ray had that ability to reach across the aisle, reach across any divide, and close the gap and make us better people. In closing, Mr. Speaker, I would just say that Ray was one of those people, as I said in the beginning, who left be-fore we were ready, but not before he filled us with love, kindness, grace, and shared his wit and humor—some humor better than others. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.082 H13FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1117 February 13, 2018 
It was just good to have Ray. God bless him on his journey. God bless Kristine, his brother and sister and their families, and his kids and grandkids. He touched our lives. He left us better than he found us—this coun-try, this State—and we are all indebted to him and so appreciative that we got to know him and work side by side with him. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today and February 14 on account of family medical reasons. Mr. S
TIVERS (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today and February 14 on account of his duties with the Ohio National Guard. ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: H.R. 582. An Act to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to require multi-line tele-phone systems to have a configuration that permits users to directly initiate a call to 9- 1-1 without dialing any additional digit, code, prefix, or post-fix, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 1301. An Act making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes. H.R. 1892. An Act to amend title 4, United States Code, to provide for the flying of the flag at half-staff in the event of the death of a first responder in the line of duty. SENATE ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to enrolled bills of the Senate of the following titles: 
S. 96. An act to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to ensure the integrity of voice communications and to prevent unjust or unreasonable discrimination among the areas of the United States in the delivery of such communications. S. 1438. An act to redesignate the Jefferson National Expansion Memorial in the State of Missouri as the ‘‘Gateway Arch National Park’’. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 9 o’clock and 2 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House ad-journed until tomorrow, Wednesday, February 14, 2018, at 10 a.m. for morn-ing-hour debate. 
h 
EXPENDITURE REPORTS CONCERNING OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the third and fourth quarters of 2017, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 1  AND DEC. 31, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. K. Michael Conaway ........................................ 10 /05 10 /08 Canada ............................................ ..... .................... 1,017.00 .................... 477.05 .................... .................... .................... 1,494. 05 Hon. David Rouzer ................................................... 10 /05 10 /08 Canada ....................................... .......... .................... 1,017.00 .................... 919.27 .................... .................... .................... 1 ,936.27 Hon. John Faso ........................................................ 10 /05 10 /08 Canada ..................................... ............ .................... 1,017.00 .................... 477.05 .................... .................... ................... . 1,494.05 Hon. Ted Yoho ......................................................... 10 /05 10 /08 Canada ..................................... ............ .................... 1,017.00 .................... 1,710.86 .................... .................... ................. ... 2,727.86 Dr. Bart Fischer ....................................................... 10 /05 10 /08 Canada .................................... ............. .................... 1,017.00 .................... 477.05 .................... .................... .................. .. 1,494.05 Matthew Mackenzie ................................................. 10 /05 10 /08 Canada ......................................... ........ .................... 1,017.00 .................... 904.90 .................... .................... .................... 1,9 21.90 Jackie Barber ........................................................... 10 /05 10 /08 Canada ................................... .............. .................... 1,017.00 .................... 904.90 .................... .................... ................. ... 1,921.90 Hon. Darren Soto ..................................................... 10 /13 10 /15 Italy ....................................... ................ .................... 261.12 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 261.12 10 /15 10 /18 India ..................................................... .................... 1,062.50 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,062.50 10 /18 10 /20 South Korea .......................................... .................... 704.18 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 704.18 Hon. Glenn ‘GT’ Thompson ...................................... 10 /27 10 /28 Estonia ............................................ ...... .................... 252.46 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 252.46 10 /28 10 /31 Czech Republic ..................................... .................... 1,423.48 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,423.48 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 10,822.74 .................... 5,871.08 .................... .................... ...... .............. 16,693.82 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. K. MICHAEL CONAWAY, Chairman, Jan. 30, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 1 AND DEC. 31, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Andrew Cooper ......................................................... 10 /16 10 /18 Guatemala .................................. .......... .................... 395.00 .................... 1,177.32 .................... 127.88 .................... .............. ...... 10 /18 10 /20 Honduras .............................................. .................... 631.60 .................... ............ ........ .................... 127.90 .................... .................... ............. ................. ............................................................... .................... 1,026.60 ..... ............... 1,177.32 .................... 255.78 .................... 2,459.70 Pamilyn Miller .......................................................... 10 /16 10 /18 Guatemala ................................ ............ .................... 395.00 .................... 1,177.32 .................... 127.88 .................... ............ ........ 10 /18 10 /20 Honduras .............................................. .................... 631.60 .................... ............ ........ .................... 127.90 .................... .................... ............. ................. ............................................................... .................... 1,026.60 ..... ............... 1,177.32 .................... 255.78 .................... 2,459.70 Justin Masucci ......................................................... 10 /16 10 /18 Guatemala ................................. ........... .................... 395.00 .................... 1,177.32 .................... 127.88 .................... ............. ....... 10 /18 10 /20 Honduras .............................................. .................... 631.60 .................... ............ ........ .................... 127.90 .................... .................... ............. ................. ............................................................... .................... 1,026.60 ..... ............... 1,177.32 .................... 255.78 .................... 2,459.70 Maureen Holohan ..................................................... 10 /15 10 /16 Italy ........................................ ............... .................... 393.88 .................... 4,322.74 .................... 14.81 .................... .......... .......... 10 /17 10 /18 Belgium ................................................ .................... 869.00 .................... 633.33 .... ................ 248.00 .................... .................... 10 /19 10 /20 Luxembourg .......................................... .................... 370.72 .................... 138.37 ....... ............. 133.77 .................... .................... ............. ................. ............................................................... .................... 1,633.60 ..... ............... 5,094.44 .................... 396.58 .................... 7,124.62 Hon. Charles W. Dent .............................................. 10 /15 10 /16 Italy .......................................... ............. .................... 393.88 .................... 4,144,66 .................... 248.00 .................... ........... ......... 10 /17 10 /18 Belgium ................................................ .................... 869.00 .................... 178.08 .... ................ 127.44 .................... .................... 10 /19 10 /20 Luxembourg .......................................... .................... 370.72 .................... 633.33 ....... ............. 6.33 .................... .................... ............. ................. ............................................................... .................... 1,633.60 ..... ............... 4,956.07 .................... 381.77 .................... 6,971.44 Matt Washington ..................................................... 10 /15 10 /16 Italy ........................................ ............... .................... 393.88 .................... 4,144.66 .................... 258.58 .................... ......... ........... 10 /17 10 /18 Belgium ................................................ .................... 869.00 .................... 33.48 ..... ............... 127.44 .................... .................... 10 /19 10 /20 Luxembourg .......................................... .................... 370.72 .................... 811.41 ....... ............. 6.33 .................... .................... ............. ................. ............................................................... .................... 1,633.60 ..... ............... 4,989.55 .................... 392.35 .................... 7,015.50 Sarah Young ............................................................ 10 /15 10 /16 Italy ..................................... .................. .................... 393.88 .................... 4,144.66 .................... 45.52 .................... ....... ............. 10 /17 10 /18 Belgium ................................................ .................... 869.00 .................... 160.00 .... ................ 375.44 .................... .................... 10 /19 10 /20 Luxembourg .......................................... .................... 370.72 .................... 811.41 ....... ............. 6.33 .................... .................... ............. ................. ............................................................... .................... 1,633.60 ..... ............... 5,116.07 .................... 427.29 .................... 7,176.96 Hon. Debbie Wasserman Schultz ............................ 10 /15 10 /16 Italy ................................................... .... .................... 393.88 .................... 14,531.06 .................... 375.44 .................... ................... . 10 /17 10 /18 Belgium ................................................ .................... 869.00 .................... 178.08 .... ................ 6.33 .................... .................... 10 /19 10 /20 Luxembourg .......................................... .................... 370.72 .................... 633.33 ....... ............. 35.00 .................... .................... ............. ................. ............................................................... .................... 1,633.60 ..... ............... 15,342.47 .................... 416.77 .................... 17,392.84 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.084 H13FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1118 February 13, 2018 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 1 AND DEC. 31, 2017—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Nancy Fox ................................................................ 10 /15 10 /16 Italy ................................... .................... .................... 393.88 .................... 4,144.66 .................... 248.00 .................... .... ................ 10 /17 10 /18 Belgium ................................................ .................... 869.00 .................... 125.00 .... ................ 127.44 .................... .................... 10 /19 10 /20 Luxembourg .......................................... .................... 370.72 .................... 811.41 ....... ............. 6.33 .................... .................... ............. ................. ............................................................... .................... 1,633.60 ..... ............... 5,081.07 .................... 381.77 .................... 7,096.44 Brooke Boyer ............................................................ 10 /15 10 /19 Bahrain .................................. ............... .................... 1,256.31 .................... 19,901.26 .................... .................... ............. ....... .................... ............. ................. ............................................................... .................... 1,256.31 ..... ............... 19,901.26 .................... .................... .................... 21,157.57 Hon. Evan Jenkins ................................................... 11 /17 11 /20 Poland ....................................... ............ .................... 262.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 11 /20 11 /21 Qatar ..................................................... .................... 162.00 .................... ........ ............ .................... .................... .................... .................... 11 /21 11 /22 Uzbekistan ............................................ .................... 99.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... .................... 11 /22 11 /23 Afghanistan .......................................... .................... 131.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... .................... 11 /23 11 /24 Qatar ..................................................... .................... .................... ............... ..... 3,806.91 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ................. ............................................................... .................... 654.00 ....... ............. 3,806.91 .................... .................... .................... 4,460.91 Hon. Betty McCollum ............................................... 11 /16 11 /18 Bangladesh ..................................... ...... .................... 13.48 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 11 /19 11 /20 Bangladesh ........................................... .................... 90.00 .................... (3) .................... 400.00 .................... .................... 11 /19 11 /20 Myanmar ............................................... .................... 93.00 .................... (3) .................... 80.00 .................... .................... 11 /20 11 /22 Myanmar ............................................... .................... 91.00 .................... 17,194.51 ... ................. 110.00 .................... .................... ............. ................. ............................................................... .................... 287.48 ....... ............. 17,194.51 .................... 590.00 .................... 18,071.99 Hon. Rodney P. Frelinghuysen ................................. 10 /16 10 /19 Lebanon ............................................. ... .................... 225.00 .................... 12,150.22 .................... 2,190.60 .................... .................. .. 10 /19 10 /22 United Kingdom .................................... .................... 263.54 .................... ................ .... .................... 221.81 .................... .................... ............. ................. ............................................................... .................... 488.54 ....... ............. 12,150.22 .................... 2,412.41 .................... 15,051.17 Jennifer Miller .......................................................... 10 /16 10 /19 Lebanon ................................. ............... .................... 225.00 .................... 14,714.12 .................... 2,190.60 .................... ...... .............. 10 /19 10 /22 United Kingdom .................................... .................... 1,420.33 .................... .............. ...... .................... 180.66 .................... .................... ............. ................. ............................................................... .................... 1,645.33 ..... ............... 14,714.12 .................... 2,371.26 .................... 18,730.71 B.G. Wright .............................................................. 10 /16 10 /19 Lebanon ................................. ............... .................... 225.00 .................... 6,855.16 .................... 2,190.60 .................... ....... ............. 10 /19 10 /22 United Kingdom .................................... .................... 1,420.33 .................... .............. ...... .................... 180.66 .................... .................... ............. ................. ............................................................... .................... 1,645.33 ..... ............... 6,855.16 .................... 2,371.26 .................... 10,871.75 Hon. Henry Ceullar .................................................. 10 /16 10 /19 Lebanon ...................................... .......... .................... 225.00 .................... 12,892.22 .................... 2,190.60 .................... ........... ......... 10 /19 10 /22 United Kingdom .................................... .................... 263.54 .................... ................ .... .................... 221.81 .................... .................... ............. ................. ............................................................... .................... 488.54 ....... ............. 12,892.22 .................... 2,412.41 .................... 15,793.17 Hon. Rodney P. Frelinghuysen ................................. 10 /27 10 /29 Lebanon ............................................. ... .................... 150.00 .................... 9,717.76 .................... 1,049.39 .................... ................... . 10 /29 10 /31 Iraq ....................................................... .................... 22.00 .................... 4,650.00  .................... .................... .................... .................... 10 /31 10 /31 United Kingdom .................................... .................... .................... .................... 25. 02 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ................. ............................................................... .................... 172.00 ....... ............. 14,392.78 .................... 1,049.39 .................... 15,614.17 B.G. Wright .............................................................. 10 /27 10 /29 Lebanon ................................. ............... .................... 420.00 .................... 10,428.36 .................... 1,049.39 .................... ...... .............. 10 /29 10 /31 Iraq ....................................................... .................... 22.00 .................... 4,650.00  .................... .................... .................... .................... 10 /31 10 /31 United Kingdom .................................... .................... .................... .................... 25. 02 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ................. ............................................................... .................... 442.00 ....... ............. 15,103.38 .................... 1,049.39 .................... 16,594.77 Hon. Scott Taylor ..................................................... 12 /24 12 /25 Iraq ....................................... ................ .................... 22.00 .................... 4,650.00 .................... .................... ................ .... .................... 12 /26 12 /27 United Arab Emirates ........................... .................... 528.00 .................... 21.89 ............. ....... 99.09 .................... .................... 12 /28 12 /29 Afghanistan .......................................... .................... 68.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ................. ............................................................... .................... 618.00 ....... ............. 4,671.89 .................... 99.09 .................... 5,388.98 Hon. Kevin Yoder ..................................................... 10 /27 10 /28 Estonia ..................................... ............. .................... 125.00 .................... (
3) .................... 134.20 .................... .................... 10 /28 10 /31 Czech Republic ..................................... .................... 375.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... 814.20 .................... .................... ............. ................. ............................................................... .................... 500.00 ....... ............. .................... .................... 948.20 .................... 1,448.20 Tim Monahan ........................................................... 10 /27 10 /28 Estonia .................................... .............. .................... 125.00 .................... (
3) .................... 134.20 .................... .................... 10 /28 10 /31 Czech Republic ..................................... .................... 375.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... 814.20 .................... .................... ............. ................. ............................................................... .................... 500.00 ....... ............. .................... .................... 948.20 .................... 1,448.20 Hon. David Young .................................................... 11 /17 11 /18 Azerbaijan ................................... .......... .................... 115.00 .................... (
3) .................... 74.38 .................... .................... 11 /18 11 /19 Afghanistan .......................................... .................... 33.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... 6.19 .................... .................... 11 /19 11 /20 Iraq ....................................................... .................... 61.00 .................... ........ ............ .................... 92.96 .................... .................... 11 /20 11 /21 Ireland .................................................. .................... 153.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ................. ............................................................... .................... 362.00 ....... ............. .................... .................... 173.53 .................... 535.53 
Committee totals ....................................... ............. ................. .......................................... ..................... .................... 21,940.93 .................... 165,794.08 .................... 17,589.01 ............... ..... 205,324.02 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN, Chairman, Date not provided. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 1 AND DEC. 31, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Travel to Belgium, Switzerland, Germany, Poland with CODEL Hensarling—October 15–22, 2017 Hon. Anthony Brown ................................................ 10 /16 10 /17 Switzerland .................................... ....... .................... 401.80 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... 401.80 10 /17 10 /19 Belgium ................................................ .................... 896.30 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 896.30 10 /19 10 /21 Germany ................................................ .................... 691.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 691.00 10 /21 10 /22 Poland ................................................... .................... 267.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 267.00 Travel to Iraq, Lebanon—October 26–31, 2017 Hon. William ‘‘Mac’’ Thornberry .............................. 10 /27 10 /29 Lebanon ............................................. ... .................... 150.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................. ... 150.00 10 /29 10 /31 Iraq ....................................................... .................... 22.00 .................... ........ ............ .................... .................... .................... 22.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 10,428.36 .................... ............ ........ .................... 10,428.36 Jennifer Stewart ....................................................... 10 /27 10 /29 Lebanon ................................... ............. .................... 150.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 150.00 10 /29 10 /31 Iraq ....................................................... .................... 22.00 .................... ........ ............ .................... .................... .................... 22.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 10,428.36 .................... ............ ........ .................... 10,428.36 Paul Arcangeli ......................................................... 10 /27 10 /29 Lebanon ................................... ............. .................... 150.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 150.00 10 /29 10 /31 Iraq ....................................................... .................... 22.00 .................... ........ ............ .................... .................... .................... 22.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 10,428.36 .................... ............ ........ .................... 10,428.36 Travel to Ukraine, Belgium with CODEL Lankford—November 9–13, 2017 Hon. Steve Russell .................................................. 11 /10 11 /11 Belgium ...................................... .......... .................... 212.30 .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 212.30 11 /11 11 /13 Ukraine ................................................. .................... 422.65 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 422.65 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 15.064.56 .................... ............ ........ .................... 15,064.56 Travel to Azerbaijan, Kuwait, Afghanistan, Iraq, Ireland with CODEL Ernest—November 16–21, 2017 Hon. Rob Wittman ................................................... 11 /16 11 /17 Ireland ....................................... ........... .................... 99.95 .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 99.95 11 /17 11 /18 Azerbaijan ............................................. .................... 234.21 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 234.21 11 /18 11 /19 Afghanistan .......................................... .................... 6.19 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 6.19 11 /19 11 /19 Kuwait ................................................... .................... .................... ................ .... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 11 /20 11 /21 Iraq ....................................................... .................... 12.39 .................... ........ ............ .................... .................... .................... 12.39 Travel to Poland, Qatar, Uzbekistan, Afghanistan with CODEL Kelly—November 16–24, 2017 Hon. Trent Kelly ....................................................... 11 /17 11 /20 Poland .................................... ............... .................... 763.10 .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... 763.10 11 /20 11 /21 Qatar ..................................................... .................... 388.65 .................... ........ ............ .................... .................... .................... 388.65 11 /21 11 /22 Uzbekistan ............................................ .................... 280.19 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 280.19 11 /22 11 /23 Afghanistan .......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ....................
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE7.028 H13FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1119 February 13, 2018 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 1 AND DEC. 31, 2017—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
11 /23 11 /24 Qatar ..................................................... .................... 357.65 .................... ........ ............ .................... .................... .................... 357.65 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 3.806.91 .................... ............. ....... .................... 3,806.91 Jennifer Bird ............................................................ 11 /17 11 /20 Poland .................................. ................. .................... 763.10 .................... .................... .................... .................... ... ................. 763.10 11 /20 11 /21 Qatar ..................................................... .................... 388.65 .................... ........ ............ .................... .................... .................... 388.65 11 /21 11 /22 Uzbekistan ............................................ .................... 280.19 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 280.19 11 /23 11 /24 Afghanistan .......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 11 /23 11 /24 Qatar ..................................................... .................... 357.65 .................... ........ ............ .................... .................... .................... 357.65 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 3.806.91 .................... ............. ....... .................... 3,806.91 Catherine Sendak .................................................... 11 /17 11 /20 Poland ....................................... ............ .................... 763.10 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 763.10 11 /20 11 /21 Qatar ..................................................... .................... 388.65 .................... ........ ............ .................... .................... .................... 388.65 11 /21 11 /22 Uzbekistan ............................................ .................... 280.19 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 280.19 11 /23 11 /24 Afghanistan .......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 11 /23 11 /24 Qatar ..................................................... .................... 357.65 .................... ........ ............ .................... .................... .................... 357.65 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 3.806.91 .................... ............. ....... .................... 3,806.91 Travel to South Korea, Japan—November 19–27, 2017 Hon. Mike Coffman .................................................. 11 /20 11 /25 South Korea ................................... ....... .................... 1,728.14 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 1,728.14 11 /25 11 /27 Japan .................................................... .................... 433.41 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 433.41 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 12,298.26 .................... ............ ........ .................... 12,298.26 Hon. Martha McSally ............................................... 11 /20 11 /25 South Korea .................................... ...... .................... 1,728.14 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ 1,728.14 11 /25 11 /27 Japan .................................................... .................... 433.41 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 433.41 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 12,298.26 .................... ............ ........ .................... 12,298.26 Hon. Anthony G. Brown ........................................... 11 /20 11 /25 South Korea ...................................... .... .................... 1,728.14 .................... .................... .................... .................... .............. ...... 1,728.14 11 /25 11 /27 Japan .................................................... .................... 433.41 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 433.41 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 12,298.26 .................... ............ ........ .................... 12,298.26 Hon. Thomas Suozzi ................................................ 11 /20 11 /25 South Korea .................................... ...... .................... 1,728.14 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ 1,728.14 11 /25 11 /27 Japan .................................................... .................... 433.41 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 433.41 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 12,298.26 .................... ............ ........ .................... 12,298.26 Daniel Sennott ......................................................... 11 /20 11 /25 South Korea ............................... ........... .................... 1,381.14 .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 1,381.14 11 /25 11 /27 Japan .................................................... .................... 227.41 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 227.41 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 12,298.26 .................... ............ ........ .................... 12,298.26 Paul Arcangeli ......................................................... 11 /20 11 /25 South Korea ............................... ........... .................... 1,497.14 .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 1,497.14 11 /25 11 /27 Japan .................................................... .................... 227.41 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 227.41 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 12,298.26 .................... ............ ........ .................... 12,298.26 Travel to Niger, Burkina Faso, France with STAFFDEL Barker—December 17–22, 2017 Mark Morehouse ...................................................... 12 /18 12 /20 Niger ........................................ ............. .................... 299.92 .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 299.92 12 /20 12 /20 Burkina Faso ........................................ .................... 110.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 110.00 12 /21 12 /22 France ................................................... .................... 921.72 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 921.72 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 11,915.16 .................... ............ ........ .................... 11,915.16 Travel to United Arab Emirates, Iraq, Afghani-stan—December 23–30, 2017 Hon. Mike Gallagher ................................................ 12 /24 12 /26 Iraq .......................................... ............. .................... 22.00 .................... 4,650.00 .................... .................... ................... . 4,672.00 12 /26 12 /27 United Arab Emirates ........................... .................... 528.00 .................... ...................
. .................... .................... .................... 528.00 12 /27 12 /30 Afghanistan .......................................... .................... 68.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 68.00 Hon. Don Bacon ....................................................... 12 /24 12 /26 Iraq ........................................ ............... .................... 22.00 .................... 4,650.00 .................... .................... ................. ... 4,672.00 12 /26 12 /27 United Arab Emirates ........................... .................... 528.00 .................... ................... . .................... .................... .................... 528.00 12 /27 12 /30 Afghanistan .......................................... .................... 68.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 68.00 Hon. Salud Carbajal ................................................ 12 /24 12 /26 Iraq .......................................... ............. .................... 22.00 .................... 4,650.00 .................... .................... ................... . 4,672.00 12 /26 12 /27 United Arab Emirates ........................... .................... 528.00 .................... ................... . .................... .................... .................... 528.00 12 /27 12 /30 Afghanistan .......................................... .................... 68.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 68.00 Ari Zimmerman ........................................................ 12 /24 12 /26 Iraq ........................................ ............... .................... 22.00 .................... 4,650.00 .................... .................... ................. ... 4,672.00 12 /26 12 /27 United Arab Emirates ........................... .................... 528.00 .................... ................... . .................... .................... .................... 528.00 12 /27 12 /30 Afghanistan .......................................... .................... 68.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 68.00 William Spencer Johnson ......................................... 12 /27 12 /30 Afghanistan ...................................... .... .................... 21.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................. ... 21.00 Delegation expenses ....................................... ............. ................. United Arab Emirates ................... ........ .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 725.94 ............ ........ .................... Travel to Afghanistan, Jordan, Kuwait with CODEL Zeldin—December 23–28, 2017 Hon. Mike Coffman .................................................. 12 /24 12 /26 Afghanistan ................................... ....... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 12 /26 12 /27 Kuwait ................................................... .................... 332.00 .................... 2,400.00 .................... .................... .................... 2,732.00 12 /27 12 /28 Jordan ................................................... .................... .................... ................ .... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... ....................
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 25,264.50 .................... 164,475.09 .................... 725.94 ................. ... 189,739.59 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. MAC THORNBERRY, Chairman, Jan. 31, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEE N OCT. 1 AND DEC. 31, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Kurt Schrader .................................................. 10 /5 10 /8 Canada ......................................... ........ .................... 1,110.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,110.00 Hon. Gus Bilirakis ................................................... 10 /16 10 /18 Netherlands ................................. ......... .................... 2,031.56 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 2,031.56 10 /18 10 /20 Jordan ................................................... .................... 710.81 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 710.81 10 /20 10 /22 Germany ................................................ .................... 458.62 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 458.62 Peter Spencer .......................................................... 11 /11 11 /18 Germany ................................... ............. .................... 1,815.07 .................... 1,858.06 .................... 2,241.17 .................... 5,914.3 0 Jean Fruci ................................................................ 11 /11 11 /18 Germany ................................ ................ .................... 1,042.87 .................... .................... .................... .................... .. .................. 1,042.87 Hon. Richard Hudson .............................................. 11 /17 11 /20 Poland .......................................... ......... .................... 763.17 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 763.17 11 /20 11 /21 Qatar ..................................................... .................... 388.65 .................... ........ ............ .................... .................... .................... 388.65 11 /21 11 /22 Uzbekistan ............................................ .................... 280.17 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 280.17 11 /22 11 /23 Afghanistan .......................................... .................... 131.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 131.00 11 /23 11 /24 Qatar ..................................................... .................... 226.65 .................... 3,841.91  .................... .................... .................... 4,068.56 Ben Lieberman ........................................................ 11 /19 11 /24 Canada ...................................... ........... .................... 1,620.00 .................... 2,090.96 .................... 65.00 .................... 3,775.96 Annelise Rickert ....................................................... 11 /19 11 /24 Canada .................................... ............. .................... 1,620.00 .................... 2,090.96 .................... .................... ................ .... 3,710.96 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 12,198.57 .................... 9,881.89 .................... 2,306.17 ................. ... 24,386.63 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. GREG WALDEN, Chairman, Jan. 30, 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE7.028 H13FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1120 February 13, 2018 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ETHICS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 1 AND DEC. 31, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. SUSAN W. BROOKS, Chairman, Jan. 12, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN  OCT. 1 AND DEC. 31, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Jeb Hensarling ................................................ 10 /16 10 /17 Switzerland ................................... ........ .................... 401.80 .................... (3) .................... 5,380.00 .................... 5,781.80 10 /17 10 /19 Belgium ................................................ .................... 896.29 .................... (3) .................... 5,509.16 .................... 6,405.45 10 /19 10 /21 Germany ................................................ .................... 691.00 .................... (3) .................... 1,921.57 .................... 2,612.57 10 /21 10 /22 Poland ................................................... .................... 267.00 .................... (3) .................... 599.22 .................... 866.22 Hon. Ted Budd ......................................................... 10 /16 10 /17 Switzerland ................................ ........... .................... 376.80 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 376.80 10 /17 10 /19 Belgium ................................................ .................... 866.30 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 866.30 10 /19 10 /21 Germany ................................................ .................... 671.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 671.00 10 /21 10 /22 Poland ................................................... .................... 242.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 242.00 Hon. Alex Mooney ..................................................... 10 /16 10 /17 Switzerland ................................. .......... .................... 401.80 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 401.80 10 /17 10 /19 Belgium ................................................ .................... 896.29 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 896.29 10 /19 10 /21 Germany ................................................ .................... 691.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 691.00 10 /21 10 /22 Poland ................................................... .................... 267.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 267.00 Hon. Carolyn Maloney .............................................. 10 /16 10 /17 Switzerland .................................... ....... .................... 366.30 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 366.30 10 /17 10 /19 Belgium ................................................ .................... 785.30 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 785.30 10 /19 10 /21 Germany ................................................ .................... 583.25 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 583.25 10 /21 10 /22 Poland ................................................... .................... 267.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 267.00 Hon. Bill Huizenga ................................................... 10 /16 10 /17 Switzerland ................................. .......... .................... 401.80 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 401.80 10 /17 10 /19 Belgium ................................................ .................... 896.30 .................... 2,396.86 .. .................. .................... .................... 3,293.16 Hon. Andy Barr ........................................................ 10 /16 10 /17 Switzerland ................................ ........... .................... 401.80 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 401.80 10 /17 10 /19 Belgium ................................................ .................... 896.29 .................... 2,371.56 .. .................. .................... .................... 3,267.85 Hon. Gregory Meeks ................................................. 10 /16 10 /17 Switzerland ................................... ........ .................... 401.80 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 401.80 10 /17 10 /19 Belgium ................................................ .................... 896.29 .................... 4,798.56 .. .................. .................... .................... 5,694.85 Brian Johnson .......................................................... 10 /16 10 /17 Switzerland ............................... ............ .................... 366.30 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 366.30 10 /17 10 /19 Belgium ................................................ .................... 785.30 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 785.30 10 /19 10 /21 Germany ................................................ .................... 610.76 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 610.76 10 /21 10 /22 Poland ................................................... .................... 267.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 267.00 Dino Falaschetti ...................................................... 10 /16 10 /17 Switzerland ................................ ........... .................... 366.30 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 366.30 10 /17 10 /19 Belgium ................................................ .................... 785.30 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 785.30 10 /19 10 /21 Germany ................................................ .................... 576.41 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 576.41 10 /21 10 /22 Poland ................................................... .................... 267.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 267.00 Andy Eck .................................................................. 10 /16 10 /17 Switzerland ............................ ............... .................... 366.30 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 366.30 10 /17 10 /19 Belgium ................................................ .................... 785.30 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 785.30 10 /19 10 /21 Germany ................................................ .................... 576.41 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 576.41 10 /21 10 /22 Poland ................................................... .................... 267.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 267.00 Borden Hoskins ........................................................ 10 /16 10 /17 Switzerland ................................ ........... .................... 366.30 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 366.30 10 /17 10 /19 Belgium ................................................ .................... 785.30 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 785.30 10 /19 10 /21 Germany ................................................ .................... 624.07 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 624.07 10 /21 10 /22 Poland ................................................... .................... 267.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 267.00 Jennifer Stalzer ........................................................ 10 /16 10 /17 Switzerland .............................. ............. .................... 401.80 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 401.80 10 /17 10 /19 Belgium ................................................ .................... 896.29 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 896.29 10 /19 10 /21 Germany ................................................ .................... 691.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 691.00 10 /21 10 /22 Poland ................................................... .................... 267.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 267.00 Juan Vargas ............................................................. 10 /27 10 /28 Estonia .................................. ................ .................... 252.46 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 252.46 10 /28 10 /31 Prauge .................................................. .................... 1,423.48 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,423.48 Hon. Keith Rothfus .................................................. 11 /17 11 /18 Azerbaijan ................................... .......... .................... 234.21 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 234.21 11 /18 11 /19 Afghanistan .......................................... .................... 6.19 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 6.19 11 /19 11 /20 Iraq ....................................................... .................... 12.39 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 12.39 11 /20 11 /21 Ireland .................................................. .................... 176.95 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 176.95 Hon. Vicente Gonzalez ............................................. 11 /17 11 /20 Poland ......................................... .......... .................... 760.97 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 760.97 11 /20 11 /21 Qatar ..................................................... .................... 299.28 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 299.28 11 /21 11 /22 Uzbekistan ............................................ .................... 273.19 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 273.19 11 /22 11 /23 Afghanistan .......................................... .................... 103.55 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 103.55 11 /23 11 /24 Qatar ..................................................... .................... 226.65 .................... 3,806.91  .................... .................... .................... 4,033.56 Hon. David Kustoff .................................................. 11 /17 11 /20 Poland ....................................... ............ .................... 693.48 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 693.48 11 /20 11 /21 Qatar ..................................................... .................... 526.36 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 526.36 11 /21 11 /22 Uzbekistan ............................................ .................... 535.30 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 535.30 11 /22 11 /23 Afghanistan .......................................... .................... 98.55 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 98.55 11 /23 11 /24 Qatar ..................................................... .................... 226.65 .................... 3,806.91  .................... .................... .................... 4,033.56 Hon. Claudia Tenney ............................................... 11 /17 11 /20 Poland ......................................... .......... .................... 734.17 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 734.17 11 /20 11 /21 Qatar ..................................................... .................... 299.71 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 299.71 11 /21 11 /22 Uzbekistan ............................................ .................... 273.19 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 273.19 11 /22 11 /23 Afghanistan .......................................... .................... 98.55 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 98.55 11 /23 11 /24 Qatar ..................................................... .................... 226.65 .................... 3,806.91  .................... .................... .................... 4,033.56 Hon. Robert Pittenger .............................................. 11 /19 11 /21 Argentina ..................................... ......... .................... 786.00 .................... 5,657.66 .................... 665.49 .................... 7,109.15 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 31,150.48 .................... 26,645.37 .................... 14,075.44 ............... ..... 71,871.29 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. JEB HENSARLING, Chairman, Jan. 30, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 1 AND DEC. 31, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Edward Acevedo ...................................................... 10 /16 10 /17 Trinidad/Tobago .............................. ...... .................... 355.76 .................... 1,480.16 .................... .................... .................... 1,835 .92 10 /17 10 /19 Barbados .............................................. .................... 592.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 592.00 10 /19 10 /21 Antigua/Barbuda .................................. .................... 623.02 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 623.02 Eric Jacobstein ........................................................ 10 /16 10 /17 Trinidad/Tobago ........................... ......... .................... 350.76 .................... 1,480.16 .................... .................... .................... 1, 830.92 10 /17 10 /19 Barbados .............................................. .................... 602.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 602.00 10 /19 10 /21 Antigua/Barbuda .................................. .................... 628.02 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 628.02 Kristen Marquardt ................................................... 10 /14 10 /18 Indonesia .................................... .......... .................... 1,156.19 .................... 14,473.00 .................... .................... .................. .. 15,629.19 10 /18 10 /21 Philippines ............................................ .................... 835.23 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 835.23 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE7.028 H13FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1121 February 13, 2018 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 1 AND DEC. 31, 2017—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Jennifer Hendrixson White ....................................... 10 /14 10 /18 Indonesia ........................................ ...... .................... 1,156.19 .................... 13,414.26 .................... .................... .................... 14 ,570.45 10 /18 10 /21 Philippines ............................................ .................... 835.23 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 835.23 Philip Bednarczyk .................................................... 10 /16 10 /17 Switzerland ................................. .......... .................... 401.80 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 401.80 10 /17 10 /19 Belgium ................................................ .................... 896.30 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 896.30 10 /19 10 /21 Germany ................................................ .................... 691.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 691.00 10 /21 10 /22 Poland ................................................... .................... 267.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 267.00 Hon. Darrell Issa ..................................................... 11 /24 11 /27 Zimbabwe ................................... .......... .................... 891.00 .................... 8,179.18 .................... *5,949.00 .................... 15,019.18 Hon. Lee Zeldin ....................................................... 12 /24 12 /24 United Arab Emirates ....................... .... .................... .................... .................... 5,164.50 .................... *416.68 .................... 5,581. 18 12 /24 12 /25 Afghanistan .......................................... .................... 33.00 .................... 1,548.70 ..... ............... .................... .................... 1,581.70 12 /25 12 /27 Kuwait ................................................... .................... 893.00 .................... (
3) .................... *182.00 .................... 1,075.00 12 /27 12 /28 Jordan ................................................... .................... 405.91 .................... 5,138.66 .................... .................... .................... 5,544.57 Hon. David Cicilline ................................................. 12 /24 12 /25 Afghanistan ................................. ......... .................... 33.00 .................... 11,531.06 .................... .................... .................... 11 ,564.06 12 /25 12 /27 Kuwait ................................................... .................... 893.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 893.00 12 /27 12 /28 Jordan ................................................... .................... 405.41 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 405.41 Amy Porter ............................................................... 10 /14 10 /19 Thailand ................................ ................ .................... 1,144.27 .................... 8,657.06 .................... .................... ............. ....... 9,801.33 Douglas Anderson .................................................... 10 /14 10 /19 Thailand ..................................... ........... .................... 1,144.27 .................... 8,657.06 .................... .................... .................. .. 9,801.33 Janice Kaguyutan .................................................... 10 /14 10 /19 Thailand ..................................... ........... .................... 1,151.68 .................... 8,621.96 .................... .................... .................. .. 9,773.64 Leah Campos ........................................................... 10 /17 10 /19 Argentina .................................. ............ .................... 923.50 .................... 1,301.16 .................... .................... ................... . 2,224.66 Peter Freeman ......................................................... 10 /17 10 /19 Argentina .................................. ............ .................... 923.50 .................... 1,336.16 .................... .................... ................... . 2,259.66 Mark Iozzi ................................................................ 10 /17 10 /19 Argentina .............................. ................ .................... 923.00 .................... 1,301.00 .................... .................... ............... ..... 2,224.00 Hon. Ted Yoho ......................................................... 10 /15 10 /19 Vietnam .................................... ............ .................... 1,108.82 .................... 23,240.36 .................... .................... ................ .... 24,349.18 10 /19 10 /20 Singapore .............................................. .................... 358.56 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 358.56 10 /20 10 /22 Hong Kong ............................................ .................... 1,064.70 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 1,064.70 Hon. David Cicilline ................................................. 10 /16 10 /19 Vietnam ..................................... ........... .................... 777.76 .................... 13,721.26 .................... .................... ................... . 14,499.02 10 /19 10 /20 Singapore .............................................. .................... 408.56 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 408.56 10 /20 10 /21 Hong Kong ............................................ .................... 711.84 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 711.84 Hunter Strupp .......................................................... 10 /15 10 /19 Vietnam ................................... ............. .................... 1,108.82 .................... 23,113.36 .................... .................... ............... ..... 24,222.18 10 /19 10 /20 Singapore .............................................. .................... 358.56 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 358.56 10 /20 10 /22 Hong Kong ............................................ .................... 1,064.70 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 1,064.70 Andrew Taylor .......................................................... 12 /16 12 /20 China ..................................... ............... .................... 1,412.47 .................... 3,009.16 .................... .................... .............. ...... 4,421.63 12 /20 12 /22 Hong Kong ............................................ .................... 943.50 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 943.50 Bryan Burack ........................................................... 12 /16 12 /20 China ..................................... ............... .................... 1,392.47 .................... 3,009.16 .................... .................... .............. ...... 4,401.63 12 /20 12 /22 Hong Kong ............................................ .................... 983.50 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 983.50 Mark Iozzi ................................................................ 12 /16 12 /20 China .................................. .................. .................... 1,462.47 .................... 3,122.16 .................... .................... ........... ......... 4,584.63 12 /20 12 /22 Hong Kong ............................................ .................... 983.50 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 983.50 Shelley Su ................................................................ 12 /16 12 /20 China .................................. .................. .................... 1,492.47 .................... 3,048.66 .................... .................... ........... ......... 4,541.13 12 /20 12 /22 Hong Kong ............................................ .................... 1,063.50 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 1,063.50 Hon. Norma Torres ................................................... 10 /06 10 /06 Mexico ....................................... ............ .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... Hon. Ted Poe ........................................................... 10 /09 10 /10 Serbia .................................... ............... .................... 302.16 .................... 4,788.26 .................... .................... ................ .... 5,090.42 Rebecca Ulrich ........................................................ 10 /14 10 /16 Guatemala .................................. .......... .................... 429.00 .................... 1,162.65 .................... .................... .................... 1 ,591.65 10 /16 10 /18 Honduras .............................................. .................... 452.16 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 452.16 10 /18 10 /20 El Salvador ........................................... .................... 368.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 368.00 Juan Carlos Monje ................................................... 10 /14 10 /16 Guatemala .................................... ........ .................... 479.00 .................... 1,162.65 .................... .................... .................... 1,6 41.65 10 /16 10 /18 Honduras .............................................. .................... 552.16 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 552.16 10 /18 10 /20 El Salvador ........................................... .................... 438.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 438.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 38,871.72 .................... 171,661.76 .................... *6,547.68 .............. ...... 217,081.16 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. * Indicates Delegation Costs. HON. EDWARD R. ROYCE, Chairman, Jan. 30, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON HOUSE ADMINISTRATION, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWE EN OCT. 1 AND DEC. 31, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Gregg Harper ........................................................... 10 /27 10 /28 Estonia ................................... ............... .................... 252.49 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 252.49 10 /28 10 /31 Czech Republic ..................................... .................... 1,423.48 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,423.48 Mark Walker ............................................................. 10 /27 10 /28 Estonia .................................. ................ .................... 252.46 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 252.46 10 /28 10 /31 Czech Republic ..................................... .................... 1,423.48 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,423.48 Barry Loudermilk ..................................................... 10 /27 10 /28 Estonia ..................................... ............. .................... 252.46 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 252.46 10 /28 10 /31 Czech Republic ..................................... .................... 1,423.48 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,423.48 Sean Moran ............................................................. 10 /27 10 /28 Estonia ................................... ............... .................... 252.46 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 252.46 10 /28 10 /31 Czech Republic ..................................... .................... 1,242.15 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,242.15 Jamie Fleet .............................................................. 10 /27 10 /28 Estonia ................................. ................. .................... 252.46 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 252.46 10 /28 10 /31 Czech Republic ..................................... .................... 1,242.15 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,242.15 Michael Cravens ...................................................... 10 /27 10 /28 Estonia ..................................... ............. .................... 252.46 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 252.46 10 /28 10 /31 Czech Republic ..................................... .................... 1,242.15 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,242.15 Kim Betz .................................................................. 10 /27 10 /28 Estonia ................................ .................. .................... 252.46 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 252.46 10 /28 10 /31 Czech Republic ..................................... .................... 1,242.15 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,242.15 Reynold Schweickhardt ............................................ 10 /28 10 /31 Czech Republic .................................. ... .................... 834.15 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 834.15 Delegation expense ......................................... 10 /27 10 /28 Estonia ............................................... ... .................... .................... .................... (3) .................... 2,359.49 .................... 2,359.49 Delegation expense ......................................... 10 /28 10 /31 Prague ................................................ .. .................... .................... .................... (3) .................... 4,478.58 .................... 4,478.58 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 11,840.44 .................... .................... .................... 6,838.07 ...... .............. 18,678.51 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. GREGG HARPER, Chairman, Jan. 11, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT.  1 AND DEC. 31, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. David Cicilline ................................................. 11 /18 11 /21 Bangladesh and Burma ....................... . ................... 274.00 .................... 15,042.61 .................... 565.00 .................... 15,881.61 Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 274.00 .................... 15,042.61 .................... 565.00 .................... 1 5,881.61 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. BOB GOODLATTE, Chairman, Jan. 30, 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE7.028 H13FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1122 February 13, 2018 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOVERNMENT REFORM, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXP ENDED BETWEEN OCT. 1 AND DEC. 31, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Mark Sanford .................................................. 10 /14 10 /15 Italy ......................................... .............. .................... 307.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 307.00 10 /15 10 /18 India ..................................................... .................... 1,109.00 .................... ...... .............. .................... .................... .................... 1,109.00 10 /18 10 /20 S. Korea ................................................ .................... 682.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 682.00 Hon. Steve Russell .................................................. 10 /14 10 /14 Germany ...................................... .......... .................... 189.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 189.00 10 /14 10 /16 Romania ............................................... .................... 365.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 365.00 10 /16 10 /17 Moldova ................................................ .................... 176.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 176.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 8,410.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... 8,410.00 Delegation expenses ....................................... ............. ................. ....................................... ........................ .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,7 40.00 .................... 1,740.00 Hon. Matt Cartwright .............................................. 10 /14 10 /14 Germany ........................................ ........ .................... 189.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ 189.00 10 /14 10 /16 Romania ............................................... .................... 365.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 365.00 10 /16 10 /17 Moldova ................................................ .................... 176.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 176.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 8,410.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... 8,410.00 Jack Thorlin ............................................................. 10 /14 10 /14 Germany ................................. ............... .................... 189.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... 189.00 10 /14 10 /16 Romania ............................................... .................... 365.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 365.00 10 /16 10 /17 Moldova ................................................ .................... 176.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 176.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 11,274.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 11,274.00 Krista Boyd .............................................................. 10 /14 10 /14 Germany ................................. ............... .................... 189.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... 189.00 10 /14 10 /16 Romania ............................................... .................... 365.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 365.00 10 /16 10 /17 Moldova ................................................ .................... 176.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 176.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 8,410.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... 8,410.00 Hon. Darrell Issa ..................................................... 10 /15 10 /15 Afghanistan ................................ .......... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 10 /15 10 /16 Kuwait ................................................... .................... 432.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 432.00 10 /16 10 /18 Iraq ....................................................... .................... 22.00 .................... ........ ............ .................... .................... .................... 22.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 11,501.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 11,501.00 Cordell Hull .............................................................. 10 /15 10 /15 Afghanistan ............................ .............. .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... 10 /15 10 /16 Kuwait ................................................... .................... 432.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 432.00 10 /16 10 /18 Iraq ....................................................... .................... 22.00 .................... ........ ............ .................... .................... .................... 22.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 11,501.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 11,501.00 Delegation expenses ....................................... ............. ................. ....................................... ........................ .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 14, 003.00 .................... 14,003.00 Hon. Paul Gosar ...................................................... 10 /15 10 /19 Vietnam ..................................... ........... .................... 1,168.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 1,168.00 10 /19 10 /20 Singapore .............................................. .................... 407.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 407.00 10 /20 10 /22 Hong Kong ............................................ .................... 1,070.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 1,070.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 17,956.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 17,956.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 8,571.00 .................... 77,462.00 .................... 15,743.00 ................ .... 101,776 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. TREY GOWDY, Chairman, Jan. 30, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT . 1 AND DEC. 31, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. STEVE CHABOT, Chairman, Jan. 30, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, E XPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Walker Boone Hall Barrett ....................................... 6 /30 7 /2 France .............................................. ..... .................... 1,065.00 .................... 329.13 .................... 503.73 .................... 1,897.86 Hon. Michael Joseph Bost ....................................... 6 /30 7 /2 France ............................................... .... .................... 1,065.00 .................... 329.13 .................... 503.73 .................... 1,897.86 Hon. Michael Everett Capuano ................................ 6 /30 7 /2 France .................................................. . .................... 1,065.00 .................... 329.13 .................... 503.73 .................... 1,897.86 Hon. Rodney Lee Davis ............................................ 6 /30 7 /2 France ............................................. ...... .................... 1,065.00 .................... 329.13 .................... 503.73 .................... 1,897.86 Hon. Jeff John Denham ........................................... 6 /30 7 /2 France .............................................. ..... .................... 1,065.00 .................... 329.13 .................... 503.73 .................... 1,897.86 Hon. Mark James DeSaulnier .................................. 6 /30 7 /2 France .................................................. . .................... 1,065.00 .................... 329.13 .................... 503.73 .................... 1,897.86 Hon. Randolph Blake Farenthold ............................ 6 /30 7 /2 France ................................................... . ................... 1,065.00 .................... 329.13 .................... 503.73 .................... 1,897.86 Arielle Giordano ....................................................... 6 /30 7 /2 France ....................................... ............ .................... 1,065.00 .................... 329.13 .................... 503.73 .................... 1,897.86 Elizabeth Claire Hill ................................................ 6 /30 7 /2 France ......................................... .......... .................... 1,065.00 .................... 329.13 .................... 503.73 .................... 1,897.86 Jennifer Homendy .................................................... 6 /30 7 /2 France .......................................... ......... .................... 1,065.00 .................... 329.13 .................... 503.73 .................... 1,897.86 Hon. Douglas Lee LaMalfa ...................................... 6 /30 7 /2 France ................................................ ... .................... 1,065.00 .................... 329.13 .................... 503.73 .................... 1,897.86 Fleming Michael Legg ............................................. 6 /30 7 /2 France ............................................. ...... .................... 1,065.00 .................... 329.13 .................... 503.73 .................... 1,897.86 Hon. Bruce Eugene Westerman ............................... 6 /30 7 /2 France ................................................... . ................... 1,065.00 .................... 329.13 .................... 503.73 .................... 1,897.86 Walker Boone Hall Barrett ....................................... 7 /1 7 /1 Belgium .............................................. .. .................... .................... .................... 31.33 .................... .................... ................... . 31.33 Hon. Michael Joseph Bost ....................................... 7 /1 7 /1 Belgium ............................................... . .................... .................... .................... 31.33 .................... .................... .................... 31.33 Hon. Michael Everett Capuano ................................ 7 /1 7 /1 Belgium ................................................ .. .................. .................... .................... 31.33 .................... .................... .................... 31. 33 Hon. Rodney Lee Davis ............................................ 7 /1 7 /1 Belgium ............................................. ... .................... .................... .................... 31.33 .................... .................... .................. .. 31.33 Hon. Jeff John Denham ........................................... 7 /1 7 /1 Belgium .............................................. .. .................... .................... .................... 31.33 .................... .................... ................... . 31.33 Hon. Mark James DeSaulnier .................................. 7 /1 7 /1 Belgium ................................................ .. .................. .................... .................... 31.33 .................... .................... .................... 31. 33 Hon. Randolph Blake Farenthold ............................ 7 /1 7 /1 Belgium ................................................ .... ................ .................... .................... 31.33 .................... .................... .................... 31.33  Arielle Giordano ....................................................... 7 /1 7 /1 Belgium ....................................... ......... .................... .................... .................... 31.33 .................... .................... ............ ........ 31.33 Elizabeth Claire Hill ................................................ 7 /1 7 /1 Belgium ......................................... ....... .................... .................... .................... 31.33 .................... .................... .............. ...... 31.33 Jennifer Homendy .................................................... 7 /1 7 /1 Belgium .......................................... ...... .................... .................... .................... 31.33 .................... .................... ............... ..... 31.33 Hon. Douglas Lee LaMalfa ...................................... 7 /1 7 /1 Belgium ................................................ .................... .................... .................... 31.33 .................... .................... .................... 3 1.33 Fleming Michael Legg ............................................. 7 /1 7 /1 Belgium ............................................. ... .................... .................... .................... 31.33 .................... .................... .................. .. 31.33 Hon. Bruce Eugene Westerman ............................... 7 /1 7 /1 Belgium ................................................ .... ................ .................... .................... 31.33 .................... .................... .................... 31.33  Walker Boone Hall Barrett ....................................... 7 /2 7 /4 Ukraine .............................................. ... .................... 744.43 .................... 53.53 .................... 153.38 .................... 951.34 Hon. Michael Joseph Bost ....................................... 7 /2 7 /4 Ukraine ............................................... .. .................... 744.43 .................... 53.53 .................... 153.38 .................... 951.34 Hon. Michael Everett Capuano ................................ 7 /2 7 /4 Ukraine ................................................. . ................... 744.43 .................... 53.53 .................... 153.38 .................... 951.34 Hon. Rodney Lee Davis ............................................ 7 /2 7 /4 Ukraine ............................................. .... .................... 744.43 .................... 53.53 .................... 153.38 .................... 951.34 Hon. Jeff John Denham ........................................... 7 /2 7 /4 Ukraine .............................................. ... .................... 744.43 .................... 53.53 .................... 153.38 .................... 951.34 Hon. Mark James DeSaulnier .................................. 7 /2 7 /4 Ukraine ................................................. . ................... 744.43 .................... 53.53 .................... 153.38 .................... 951.34 Hon. Randolph Blake Farenthold ............................ 7 /2 7 /4 Ukraine ................................................. ... ................. 744.43 .................... 53.53 .................... 153.38 .................... 951.34 Arielle Giordano ....................................................... 7 /2 7 /4 Ukraine ....................................... .......... .................... 744.43 .................... 53.53 .................... 153.38 .................... 951.34 Elizabeth Claire Hill ................................................ 7 /2 7 /4 Ukraine ......................................... ........ .................... 744.43 .................... 53.53 .................... 153.38 .................... 951.34 Jennifer Homendy .................................................... 7 /2 7 /4 Ukraine .......................................... ....... .................... 744.43 .................... 53.53 .................... 153.38 .................... 951.34 Hon. Doughlas Lee LaMalfa .................................... 7 /2 7 /4 Ukraine ................................................. .................... 744.43 .................... 53.53 .................... 153.38 .................... 951.34 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE7.028 H13FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1123 February 13, 2018 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, E XPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2017—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Fleming Michael Legg ............................................. 7 /2 7 /4 Ukraine ............................................. .... .................... 744.43 .................... 53.53 .................... 153.38 .................... 951.34 Hon. Bruce Eugene Westerman ............................... 7 /2 7 /4 Ukraine ................................................. ... ................. 744.43 .................... 53.53 .................... 153.38 .................... 951.34 Walker Boone Hall Barrett ....................................... 7 /4 7 /5 Jordan ............................................... .... .................... 355.42 .................... 63.84 .................... 78.48 .................... 497.74 Hon. Michael Joseph Bost ....................................... 7 /4 7 /5 Jordan ................................................ ... .................... 355.42 .................... 63.84 .................... 78.48 .................... 497.74 Hon. Michael Everett Capuano ................................ 7 /4 7 /5 Jordan ................................................... .................... 355.42 .................... 63.84 .................... 78.48 .................... 497.74 Hon. Rodney Lee Davis ............................................ 7 /4 7 /5 Jordan .............................................. ..... .................... 355.42 .................... 63.84 .................... 78.48 .................... 497.74 Hon. Jeff John Denham ........................................... 7 /4 7 /5 Jordan ............................................... .... .................... 355.42 .................... 63.84 .................... 78.48 .................... 497.74 Hon. Mark James DeSaulnier .................................. 7 /4 7 /5 Jordan ................................................... .................... 355.42 .................... 63.84 .................... 78.48 .................... 497.74 Hon. Randolph Blake Farenthold ............................ 7 /4 7 /5 Jordan ................................................... .. .................. 355.42 .................... 63.84 .................... 78.48 .................... 497.74 Arielle Giordano ....................................................... 7 /4 7 /5 Jordan ........................................ ........... .................... 355.42 .................... 63.84 .................... 78.48 .................... 497.74 Elizabeth Claire Hill ................................................ 7 /4 7 /5 Jordan .......................................... ......... .................... 355.42 .................... 63.84 .................... 78.48 .................... 497.74 Jennifer Homendy .................................................... 7 /4 7 /5 Jordan ........................................... ........ .................... 355.42 .................... 63.84 .................... 78.48 .................... 497.74 Hon. Douglas Lee LaMalfa ...................................... 7 /4 7 /5 Jordan ................................................. .. .................... 355.42 .................... 63.84 .................... 78.48 .................... 497.74 Fleming Michael Legg ............................................. 7 /4 7 /5 Jordan .............................................. ..... .................... 355.42 .................... 63.84 .................... 78.48 .................... 497.74 Hon. Bruce Eugene Westerman ............................... 7 /4 7 /5 Jordan ................................................... .. .................. 355.42 .................... 63.84 .................... 78.48 .................... 497.74 Cmte expenses—Egypt .................................. 7 /5 7 /5 ............................................................... . ................... .................... .................... 31.00 .................... 212.92 .................... 243.92 Walker Boone Hall Barrett ....................................... 7 /5 7 /7 Israel ............................................... ...... .................... 1,092.01 .................... 90.37 .................... 518.46 .................... 1,700.84 Hon. Michael Joseph Bost ....................................... 7 /5 7 /7 Israel ................................................ ..... .................... 1,092.01 .................... 90.37 .................... 518.46 .................... 1,700.84 Hon. Michael Everett Capuano ................................ 7 /5 7 /7 Israel ................................................... .. .................... 1,092.01 .................... 90.37 .................... 518.46 .................... 1,700.84 Hon. Rodney Lee Davis ............................................ 7 /5 7 /7 Israel .............................................. ....... .................... 1,092.01 .................... 90.37 .................... 518.46 .................... 1,700.84 Hon. Jeff John Denham ........................................... 7 /5 7 /7 Israel ............................................... ...... .................... 1,092.01 .................... 90.37 .................... 518.46 .................... 1,700.84 Hon. Mark James DeSaulnier .................................. 7 /5 7 /7 Israel ................................................... .. .................... 1,092.01 .................... 90.37 .................... 518.46 .................... 1,700.84 Hon. Randolph Blake Farenthold ............................ 7 /5 7 /7 Israel ..................................................... .................... 1,092.01 .................... 90.37 .................... 518.46 .................... 1,700.84 Arielle Giordano ....................................................... 7 /5 7 /7 Israel ........................................ ............. .................... 1,092.01 .................... 90.37 .................... 518.46 .................... 1,700.84 Elizabeth Claire Hill ................................................ 7 /5 7 /7 Israel .......................................... ........... .................... 1,092.01 .................... 90.37 .................... 518.46 .................... 1,700.84 Jennifer Homendy .................................................... 7 /5 7 /7 Israel ........................................... .......... .................... 1,092.01 .................... 90.37 .................... 518.46 .................... 1,700.84 Hon. Douglas Lee LaMalfa ...................................... 7 /5 7 /7 Israel ................................................. .... .................... 1,092.01 .................... 90.37 .................... 518.46 .................... 1,700.84 Fleming Michael Legg ............................................. 7 /5 7 /7 Israel .............................................. ....... .................... 1,092.01 .................... 90.37 .................... 518.46 .................... 1,700.84 Hon. Bruce Eugene Westerman ............................... 7 /5 7 /7 Israel ..................................................... .................... 1,092.01 .................... 90.37 .................... 518.46 .................... 1,700.84 Walker Boone Hall Barrett ....................................... 7 /7 7 /8 Ireland .............................................. .... .................... 316.00 .................... 98.66 .................... 77.80 .................... 492.46 Hon. Michael Joseph Bost ....................................... 7 /7 7 /8 Ireland ............................................... ... .................... 316.00 .................... 98.66 .................... 77.80 .................... 492.46 Hon. Michael Everett Capuano ................................ 7 /7 7 /8 Ireland .................................................. .................... 316.00 .................... 98.66 .................... 77.80 .................... 492.46 Hon. Rodney Lee Davis ............................................ 7 /7 7 /8 Ireland ............................................. ..... .................... 316.00 .................... 98.66 .................... 77.80 .................... 492.46 Hon. Jeff John Denham ........................................... 7 /7 7 /8 Ireland .............................................. .... .................... 316.00 .................... 98.66 .................... 77.80 .................... 492.46 Hon. Mark James DeSaulnier .................................. 7 /7 7 /8 Ireland .................................................. .................... 316.00 .................... 98.66 .................... 77.80 .................... 492.46 Hon. Randolph Blake Farenthold ............................ 7 /7 7 /8 Ireland .................................................. .. .................. 316.00 .................... 98.66 .................... 77.80 .................... 492.46 Arielle Giordano ....................................................... 7 /7 7 /8 Ireland ....................................... ........... .................... 316.00 .................... 98.66 .................... 77.80 .................... 492.46 Elizabeth Claire Hill ................................................ 7 /7 7 /8 Ireland ......................................... ......... .................... 316.00 .................... 98.66 .................... 77.80 .................... 492.46 Jennifer Homendy .................................................... 7 /7 7 /8 Ireland .......................................... ........ .................... 316.00 .................... 98.66 .................... 77.80 .................... 492.46 Hon. Douglas Lee LaMalfa ...................................... 7 /7 7 /8 Ireland ................................................ .. .................... 316.00 .................... 98.66 .................... 77.80 .................... 492.46 Fleming Michael Legg ............................................. 7 /7 7 /8 Ireland ............................................. ..... .................... 316.00 .................... 98.66 .................... 77.80 .................... 492.46 Hon. Bruce Eugene Westerman ............................... 7 /7 7 /8 Ireland .................................................. .. .................. 316.00 .................... 98.66 .................... 77.80 .................... 492.46 Hon. Daniel Lipinski ................................................ 8 /20 8 /28 Italy .......................................... ............. .................... 1,267.23 .................... 2,490.59 .................... 298.80 .................... 4,056.62 Hon. John J. Duncan (Appropriations—CODEL Rogers). 8 /26 8 /30 Germany ................................................ .................... 1,404.24 .................... 515.05 .... ................ 933.68 .................... 2,852.97 8 /28 8 /28 Norway .................................................. .................... .................... ................... . 225.65 .................... 188.67 .................... 414.32 8 /30 8 /30 Ukraine ................................................. .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 98.16 .................... 98.16 8 /30 9 /1 Georgia ................................................. .................... 768.75 .................... 109.82 ...... .............. 210.04 .................... 1,088.61 9 /1 9 /4 Czech Republic ..................................... .................... 1,477.14 .................... 242.87 .......... .......... 717.85 .................... 2,437.86 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 51,364.54 .................... 12,284.16 .................... 19,974.17 ............... ..... 83,622.87 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent, if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. BILL SHUSTER, Chairman, Feb. 1, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, E XPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 1 AND DEC. 31, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Sean Patrick Maloney ..................................... 12 /24 12 /26 Iraq ............................................... ........ .................... 22.00 .................... 4,650.00 .................... .................... .................... 4,67 2.00 12 /26 12 /27 United Arab Emirates ........................... .................... 528.00 .................... ................... . .................... .................... .................... 528.00 12 /27 12 /30 Afghanistan .......................................... .................... 68.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 68.00 ............. ................. ComAir Tickets ...................................... .................... .................... ..... ............... 12,954.00 .................... .................... .................... 12,954.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 18,222.00 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. BILL SHUSTER, Chairman, Feb. 1, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT . 1 AND DEC. 31, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Angela Ellard ........................................................... 11 /7 11 /9 Vietnam .................................... ............ .................... 589.45 .................... 13,462.76 .................... 5,586.23 .................... 19,638.44  11 /18 11 /21 Mexico ................................................... .................... 840.00 .................... 574.02 .. .................. .................... .................... 1,414.02 12 /11 12 /13 Argentina .............................................. .................... 1,176.87 .................... 12,841.16  .................... 2,215.74 .................... 16,233.77 Kelly Ann Shaw ........................................................ 11 /7 11 /9 Vietnam ...................................... .......... .................... 589.45 .................... 15,977.16 .................... .................... .................... 16,566.61 11 /18 11 /21 Mexico ................................................... .................... 890.00 .................... 574.02 .. .................. .................... .................... 1,464.02 12 /11 12 /13 Argentina .............................................. .................... 1,252.87 .................... 12,841.16  .................... .................... .................... 14,094.03 Katherine Tai ........................................................... 11 /7 11 /9 Vietnam .................................... ............ .................... 589.45 .................... 6,528.16 .................... .................... ................... . 7,117.61 11 /18 11 /21 Mexico ................................................... .................... 890.00 .................... 449.02 .. .................. .................... .................... 1,339.02 12 /11 12 /13 Argentina .............................................. .................... 1,252.87 .................... 12,839.16  .................... .................... .................... 14,092.03 Blake Harden ........................................................... 11 /18 11 /21 Mexico .................................... ............... .................... 890.00 .................... 699.02 .................... .................... .................. .. 1,589.02 Keigan Mull ............................................................. 11 /18 11 /21 Mexico ................................... ................ .................... 867.00 .................... 574.02 .................... .................... ................. ... 1,441.02 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 9,827.96 .................... 77,359.66 .................... 7,801.97 ................. ... 94,989.59 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. KEVIN BRADY, Chairman, Jan. 31, 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE7.028 H13FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1124 February 13, 2018 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, PERMANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPEN DED BETWEEN OCT. 1 AND DEC. 31, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Jacqueline Tame ...................................................... 10 /04 10 /07 Asia ........................................ ............... .................... 1,148.26 .................... .................... .................... 1,780.39 .............. ...... 2,928.65 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 4,523.56 .................... ............. ....... .................... 4,523.56 Hon. Frank LoBiondo ............................................... 10 /15 10 /18 Asia ........................................... ............ .................... 867.00 .................... .................... .................... 198.27 .................... 1 ,065.27 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 12,598.96 .................... ............ ........ .................... 12,598.96 George Pappas ........................................................ 10 /15 10 /18 Asia ........................................ ............... .................... 1,156.00 .................... .................... .................... 198.27 ................ .... 1,354.27 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 16,798.16 .................... ............ ........ .................... 16,798.16 Hon. Terri Sewell ..................................................... 10 /15 10 /19 Asia ....................................... ................ .................... 882.47 .................... .................... .................... 767.78 ................. ... 1,650.25 10 /19 10 /20 Asia ....................................................... .................... 405.00 .................... 189.20 .................... .................... .................... 594.20 10 /20 10 /22 Asia ....................................................... .................... 1,066.00 .................... ..... ............... .................... 653.77 .................... 1,719.77 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 17,955.86 .................... ............ ........ .................... 17,955.86 Hon. Michael Quigley ............................................... 10 /15 10 /19 Europe ........................................ ........... .................... 762.64 .................... .................... .................... 153.91 .................... 91 6.55 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 9,287.16 .................... ............. ....... .................... 9,287.16 Amanda Rogers-Thorpe ........................................... 10 /15 10 /19 Europe ............................................ ....... .................... 762.64 .................... .................... .................... 153.90 .................... 916.54  Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 13,169.16 .................... ............ ........ .................... 13,169.16 Maher Bitar ............................................................. 10 /15 10 /19 Europe ................................... ................ .................... 762.64 .................... .................... .................... 153.91 ................. ... 916.55 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 13,169.16 .................... ............ ........ .................... 13,169.16 George Pappas ........................................................ 10 /26 10 /29 Europe ...................................... ............. .................... 156.00 .................... .................... .................... 272.50 .................... 428.50 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 2,556.32 .................... ............. ....... .................... 2,556.32 Derek Harvey ............................................................ 10 /26 10 /29 Europe ................................... ................ .................... 156.00 .................... .................... .................... 272.50 ................. ... 428.50 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 2,506.42 .................... ............. ....... .................... 2,506.42 Hon. Denny Heck ..................................................... 10 /26 10 /29 Europe ....................................... ............ .................... 813.41 .................... .................... .................... 445.37 .................... 1 ,258.78 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 2,064.96 .................... ............. ....... .................... 2,064.96 Rheanne Wirkkala .................................................... 10 /26 10 /29 Europe ....................................... ............ .................... 813.41 .................... .................... .................... 445.37 .................... 1 ,258.78 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 2,064.66 .................... ............. ....... .................... 2,064.66 George Pappas ........................................................ 11 /18 11 /22 South America ............................... ....... .................... 1,143.38 .................... .................... .................... 200.00 .................... 1,34 3.38 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 6,500.06 .................... ............. ....... .................... 6,500.06 Hon. Michael Turner ................................................ 11 /21 11 /26 Europe ........................................ ........... .................... 2,818.00 .................... 1,591.50 .................... 330.00 .................... 4,739.50 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 930.46 .................... ............... ..... .................... 930.46 Nicholas A. Ciarlante .............................................. 11 /21 11 /26 Europe ........................................ ........... .................... 2,818.00 .................... 1,591.50 .................... 330.00 .................... 4,739.50 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 930.46 .................... ............... ..... .................... 930.46 Douglas Presley ....................................................... 12 /03 12 /04 North America .............................. ......... .................... 352.50 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 352.50 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 955.66 .................... ............... ..... .................... 955.66 Chelsey Campbell .................................................... 12 /03 12 /04 North America ................................ ....... .................... 352.50 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... 352.50 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 955.66 .................... ............... ..... .................... 955.66 Linda Cohen ............................................................ 12 /03 12 /04 North America ............................. .......... .................... 352.50 .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 352.50 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 955.66 .................... ............... ..... .................... 955.66 Brandon S. Smith .................................................... 12 /03 12 /04 North America ................................ ....... .................... 352.50 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... 352.50 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 955.66 .................... ............... ..... .................... 955.66 Angel Smith ............................................................. 12 /16 12 /18 Australasia .............................. ............. .................... 735.21 .................... 332.41 .................... 175.56 .................... 1,243.18 12 /18 12 /22 Australasia ........................................... .................... 1,046.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 1,046.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 20,569.16 .................... ............ ........ .................... 20,569.16 Steve Keith .............................................................. 12 /16 12 /18 Australasia ............................. .............. .................... 735.21 .................... 332.41 .................... 175.56 .................... 1,243.18 12 /18 12 /22 Australasia ........................................... .................... 1,046.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 1,046.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 25,275.36 .................... ............ ........ .................... 25,275.36 Kristopher A. Breaux ................................................ 12 /16 12 /18 Australasia .................................. ......... .................... 735.21 .................... 332.41 .................... 175.56 .................... 1,243.18 12 /18 12 /22 Australasia ........................................... .................... 1,046.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 1,046.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 20,568.36 .................... ............ ........ .................... 20,568.36 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 23,284.48 .................... 179,660.31 .................... 6,882.62 ............... ..... 209,827.41 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. * In accordance with title 22, United States Code, Section 1754(b)(2), information as would identify the foreign countries in wh ich Committee Members and staff have traveled is omitted. HON. DEVIN NUNES, Chairman, Jan. 26, 2018. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3955. A letter from the First Vice Presi-dent, Vice Chairmen of the Board, and Agen-cy Head (acting), Export-Import Bank of the United States, transmitting the Annual Re-port to Congress on the operations of the Ex-port-Import Bank of the United States for Fiscal Year 2017, pursuant to 12 U.S.C. 635g(a); July 31, 1945, ch. 341, Sec. 8(a) (as amended by Public Law 93-646, Sec. 10) (88 Stat. 2336); to the Committee on Financial Services. 3956. A letter from the Chief of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communications Commis-sion, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Modernization of Media Regulation Initiative: Amendment of Parts 27, 54, 73, 74, and 76 of the Commission’s Rules to Delete Rules Made Obsolete by the Digital Tele-vision Transition [MB Docket No.: 17-105] re-ceived February 7, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3957. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s regulatory guidance — Vital Area Access Controls, Protection of Physical Security Equipment, and Key and Lock Controls [NRC-2017-0216] received February 7, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 3958. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s regulatory guidance — Regulatory Guide 1.174, Revision 3, ‘‘An Approach for Using Probabilistic Risk Assessment in Risk-In-formed Decisions on Plant-Specific Changes to the Licensing Basis’’ received February 12, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3959. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Approval of American Society of Mechanical Engineers’ Code Cases [NRC-2012- 0059] (RIN: 3150-AJ13) received February 12, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3960. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Treasury, transmitting a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to Lebanon that was declared in Executive Order 13441 of August 1, 2007, pur-suant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3961. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to persons undermining democratic processes or institutions in Zimbabwe that was declared in Executive Order 13288 of March 6, 2003, and Executive Order 13313 of July 31, 2003, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3962. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to Venezuela that was de-clared in Executive Order 13692 of March 8, 2015, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3963. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to Ukraine that was de-clared in Executive Order 13660 of March 6, 2014, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3964. A letter from the Acting Director, International Cooperation, Acquisition, and Sustainment, Office of the Undersecretary, Department of Defense, transmitting the De-partment’s intent to sign the Memorandum of Understanding with Australia, Trans-mittal No. 04-18, pursuant to Sec. 27(f) of the Arms Export Control Act and Executive Order 13637; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 3965. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 May 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\FEBRUARY\H13FE8.REC H13FE8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1125 February 13, 2018 
Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. 17-77, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 3966. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. 17-76, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 3967. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Schedule of Fees for Consular Serv-ices, Department of State and Overseas Em-bassies and Consulates--Passport Services Fee Changes [Public Notice 10027] (RIN: 1400- AD81) received February 7, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 3968. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 22-241, ‘‘Controlled Substance Test-ing Temporary Amendment Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3969. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 22-242, ‘‘Medical Necessity Review Criteria Temporary Amendment Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3970. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 22-243, ‘‘Personal Delivery Device Pilot Program Extension Temporary Amend-ment Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3971. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 22-244, ‘‘Homeless Shelter Replace-ment Temporary Amendment Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3972. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 22-245, ‘‘Master Development Plan Recognition Temporary Act of 2018’’, pursu-ant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3973. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 22-246, ‘‘Defending Access to Wom-en’s Health Care Services Amendment Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3974. A letter from the General Counsel, National Indian Gaming Commission, trans-mitting the Commission’s final rule — Free-dom of Information Act Procedures (RIN: 3141-AA21) received February 7, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3975. A letter from the Alternate OSD FRLO, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Department of Defense Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) Program [DOD- 2007-OS-0086; 0790-AI24] received February 7, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3976. A letter from the General Counsel, National Indian Gaming Commission, trans-mitting the Commission’s final rule — Min-imum Technical Standards for Class II Gam-ing Systems and Equipment (RIN: 3141-AA64) received February 7, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 3977. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Protected Resources, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Final Rule To List the Giant Manta Ray as Threatened Under the Endan-gered Species Act [Docket No.: 160105011-7999- 03] (RIN: 0648-XE390) received February 8, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 3978. A letter from the Secretary, Bureau of Competition, Federal Trade Commission, transmitting the Commission’s notice — Re-vised Jurisdictional Thresholds for Section 7A of the Clayton Act received February 8, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 3979. A letter from the Secretary, Bureau of Competition, Federal Trade Commission, transmitting the Commission’s notice — Re-vised Jurisdictional Thresholds for Section 8 of the Clayton Act received February 8, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 3980. A letter from the Secretary, Judicial Conference of the United States, transmit-ting the Report of the Proceedings of the Ju-dicial Conference of the United States for the September 2017 session; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 3981. A letter from the General Counsel, National Credit Union Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Civil Monetary Penalty Inflation Adjust-ment (RIN: 3133-AE83) received February 7, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 2948. A bill to amend the S.A.F.E. Mortgage Licensing Act of 2008 to provide a temporary license for loan origina-tors transitioning between employers, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–552). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 4768. A bill to require the President to develop a national strategy to combat the financial networks of transnational organized criminals, and for other purposes; with amendments (Rept. 115– 553). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SMITH of Texas: Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 4675. A bill to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to provide for a low-dose radiation basic re-search program; with an amendment (Rept. 115–554). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SMITH of Texas: Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 4377. A bill to direct the Secretary of Energy to carry out an upgrade to research equipment and construct research user facilities, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–555). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SMITH of Texas: Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 4376. A bill to direct the Secretary of Energy to carry out certain upgrades to research equip-ment and the construction of a research user facility, and for other purposes (Rept. 115– 556). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SMITH of Texas: Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 4378. A bill to direct the Secretary of Energy to carry out the construction of a versatile re-actor-based fast neutron source, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–557). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SMITH of Texas: Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 3397. A bill to direct the National Science Founda-tion to support STEM education research fo-cused on early childhood; with an amend-ment (Rept. 115–558). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 736. Resolution pro-viding for consideration of the bill (H.R. 620) to amend the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 to promote compliance through education, to clarify the requirements for de-mand letters, to provide for a notice and cure period before the commencement of a private civil action, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3299) to amend the Revised Statutes, the Home Owners’ Loan Act, the Federal Credit Union Act, and the Federal Deposit Insur-ance Act to require the rate of interest on certain loans remain unchanged after trans-fer of the loan, and for other purposes; pro-viding for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3978) to amend the Real Estate Settlement Proce-dures Act of 1974 to modify requirements re-lated to mortgage disclosures, and for other purposes; and providing for proceedings dur-ing the period from February 16, 2018, through February 23, 2018 (Rept. 115–559). Re-ferred to the House Calendar. f PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. ROE of Tennessee (for himself and Mr. N
ORCROSS ): H.R. 4997. A bill to amend the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 and the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to author-ize a new composite multiemployer pension plan design, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Ms. BASS (for herself, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, and Mr. K
ENNEDY ): H.R. 4998. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to ensure health insur-ance coverage continuity for former foster youth; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. BONAMICI (for herself, Mr. C
UMMINGS , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. J
UDY CHU of California, Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Ms. J AYAPAL , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. R
ASKIN , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , and Ms. S
LAUGHTER ): H.R. 4999. A bill to amend the Truth in Lending Act to address certain issues relat-ing to the extension of consumer credit, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L13FE7.000 H13FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1126 February 13, 2018 
for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. By Mr. BRAT: H.R. 5000. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to allow certain persons to own and control an air carrier providing air transportation or intrastate air transpor-tation, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CROWLEY (for himself and Mr. L
OWENTHAL ): H.R. 5001. A bill to award a Congressional gold medal to Billie Jean King, in recogni-tion of her contribution to the nation and her courageous and groundbreaking leader-ship advancing equal rights for women and the LGBT community in athletics, edu-cation, and our society; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mrs. DINGELL (for herself and Mr. U
PTON ): H.R. 5002. A bill to expand the unique re-search initiatives authority of the National Institutes of Health; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. HULTGREN (for himself, Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. R
OYCE of California, Mr. K ILDEE , and Mr. C
APUANO ): H.R. 5003. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to reinstate advance re-funding bonds; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. LANGEVIN (for himself and Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania): H.R. 5004. A bill to protect the rights of passengers with disabilities in air transpor-tation, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. By Mr. LAWSON of Florida (for him-self, Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. P
OSEY , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida, Mr. R
UTHERFORD , Ms. F RANKEL of Flor-ida, Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida, Mr. C RIST, Mr. M
EEKS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. C
OSTA , Mr. S OTO, and Mr. P AYNE ): H.R. 5005. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study to determine the suitability and feasi-bility of establishing the birthplace of James Weldon Johnson in Jacksonville, Florida, as a unit of the National Park System; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. MEADOWS (for himself, Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. M
ESSER , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. B
RAT, Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. B ANKS of In-diana, Mr. P
EARCE , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. M
ARSHALL , and Mr. B IGGS): H.R. 5006. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide a child tax cred-it for pregnant moms; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 5007. A bill to direct the Federal Com-munications Commission to submit to Con-gress a report evaluating broadband coverage in Indian country and on land held by a Na-tive Corporation and to complete a pro-ceeding to address the unserved areas identi-fied in the report; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. By Mr. SCHRADER: H.R. 5008. A bill to amend title 36, United States Code, to require Presidential Inau-gural Committees to file disbursement re-ports with the Federal Election Commission, to prohibit such Committees from disbursing funds for purposes unrelated to the inaugura-tion of the President, to require such Com-mittees to donate any Committee funds which remain available at the time the Com-mittee terminates, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. By Mr. WALBERG (for himself, Mrs. DINGELL , Mr. J ENKINS of West Vir-ginia, Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Mr. M EE-
HAN, Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mrs. H
ARTZLER , and Mr. L ATTA ): H.R. 5009. A bill to include information concerning a patient’s opioid addiction in certain medical records; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. LATTA (for himself, Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Geor-gia, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. T URNER , Mr. K
NIGHT , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Mr. N OR-
CROSS , Mr. J ONES , Mr. W ENSTRUP , and Mr. G
ALLAGHER ): H. Res. 737. A resolution expressing support for the designation of March 2, 2018, as ‘‘Gold Star Families Remembrance Day’’; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. f 
PRIVATE BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
Ms. JENKINS of Kansas introduced a bill (H.R. 5010) for the relief of Syed Ahmed Jamal and Zaynaub Jahan Chowdhury; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. ROE of Tennessee: H.R. 4997. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1, with respect to the power to ‘‘lay and collect Taxes, Du-ties, Imposts, and Excises,’’ and to provide for the ‘‘general Welfare of the United States.’’ By Ms. BASS: H.R. 4998. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: ‘‘This resolution is enacted pursuant to the power granted in Congress under Article I, Section 1.’’ By Ms. BONAMICI: H.R. 4999. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution By Mr. BRAT: H.R. 5000. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes’’. The Commerce Clause of the United States Constitution includes granting Congress the power to regulate interstate commerce and commerce with foreign nations, which would therefore include air commerce such as interstate and foreign air travel. Article I, Section 8, Clauses 14 and 15: ‘‘To make Rules for the Government and Regula-tion of the land and naval Forces’’ and ‘‘To provide for calling forth the Militia to exe-cute the Laws of the Union, suppress Insur-rections and repel Invasions’’. The Military Regulations and Militia Clauses give Congress the power to regulate the military or military components and make rules for war, giving Congress the power to authorize and amend programs like the Civil Reserve Air Fleet. Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof.’’ The Necessary and Proper Clause further recognizes that Congress has the legal au-thority to exercise powers enumerated under Article I. By Mr. CROWLEY: H.R. 5001. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have Power [. . .] To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mrs. DINGELL: H.R. 5002. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section VIII By Mr. HULTGREN: H.R. 5003. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. LANGEVIN: H.R. 5004. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. LAWSON of Florida: H.R. 5005. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: ‘‘Article 1, Section 8: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof’’ By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 5006. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause I states ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States. . . .’’ By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 5007. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution By Mr. SCHRADER: H.R. 5008. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: U.S. Const. art. 1, §8, cl. 18; By Mr. WALBERG: H.R. 5009. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L13FE7.100 H13FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1127 February 13, 2018 
Article I, Section 8, Clauses 3 and 18 of the United States Constitution Ms. JENKINS of Kansas: H.R. 5010. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 66: Mr. S MUCKER . H.R. 173: Ms. B
ASS. H.R. 217: Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 247: Mr. G
ALLAGHER . H.R. 392: Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. N
ORMAN , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. W
ESTERMAN , and Mr. E NGEL . H.R. 449: Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 504: Mr. M
ACARTHUR and Mr. P AL-
LONE . H.R. 547: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 664: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 824: Mr. H
UNTER . H.R. 846: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida and Ms. G
RANGER . H.R. 850: Mr. G
AETZ . H.R. 881: Mr. F
ARENTHOLD and Mr. B RADY  of Pennsylvania. H.R. 889: Mr. G
ALLEGO . H.R. 930: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan and Mrs. D
INGELL . H.R. 947: Mr. O’R
OURKE and Mr. B ENRAY L
UJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 959: Mr. P
AYNE and Mr. B ENRAY L
UJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 1050: Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N. H.R. 1143: Ms. M
ATSUI . H.R. 1150: Mr. G
AETZ and Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 1291: Ms. M
ATSUI , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, and Ms. K
USTER of New Hamp-shire. H.R. 1326: Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 1406: Ms. E
SHOO . H.R. 1441: Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 1464: Mr. C
ONNOLLY . H.R. 1559: Ms. S
TEFANIK . H.R. 1568: Mr. E
MMER . H.R. 1617: Mr. D
EFAZIO, Mr. K INGof Iowa, and Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 1626: Mr. C
ULBERSON . H.R. 1676: Mr. R
UIZ. H.R. 1683: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina, and Mrs. D EMINGS . H.R. 1697: Mr. E
SPAILLAT . H.R. 1757: Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama and Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 1772: Mr. M
OOLENAAR , Ms. R OS- L
EHTINEN , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. B ILI-
RAKIS , Mr. R UTHERFORD , and Mr. C LEAVER . H.R. 1880: Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 1881: Mr. H
ENSARLING , Mr. G OODLATTE , and Mrs. B
LACK . H.R. 1903: Mr. R
YANof Ohio, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, and Ms. D
ELAURO . H.R. 1928: Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, and Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1943: Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 2004: Mr. F
ARENTHOLD and Mr. F LO-
RES. H.R. 2092: Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama and Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 2106: Ms. T
ITUS. H.R. 2119: Ms. B
ASS. H.R. 2267: Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida. H.R. 2276: Mr. D
ESJARLAIS . H.R. 2293: Mr. U
PTON . H.R. 2309: Mr. N
OLAN . H.R. 2310: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 2345: Mr. Y
ARMUTH . H.R. 2379: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 2439: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 2566: Mr. G
ALLEGO , Ms. M OORE , Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. L OFGREN , and Mr. G RIJALVA . H.R. 2567: Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. C ICILLINE , and Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 2575: Mr. M
ACARTHUR , Mrs. C AROLYN  B. M
ALONEY of New York, and Mr. C OHEN . H.R. 2666: Mr. C
URTIS . H.R. 2683: Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 2747: Mr. L
UETKEMEYER . H.R. 2991: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 3182: Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 3197: Ms. M
ATSUI and Ms. B ORDALLO . H.R. 3199: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 3252: Mr. R
USH. H.R. 3301: Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , and Mr. P
OEof Texas. H.R. 3314: Mr. C
ROWLEY . H.R. 3316: Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N. H.R. 3397: Mr. B
ERA, Ms. J AYAPAL , and Mr. F
ASO. H.R. 3409: Mr. N
EWHOUSE . H.R. 3477: Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 3497: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H.R. 3542: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mrs. W
AGNER , Mr. B ARR, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. M
ITCHELL , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. N ORMAN , Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. G OTTHEIMER , Mr. G
ROTHMAN , Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. C URTIS , and Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 3596: Mr. B
URGESS , Ms. M ICHELLE  L
UJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. P
EARCE , Mr. T IPTON , and Mr. L AMBORN . H.R. 3600: Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 3605: Mr. H
URDand Mr. J ONES . H.R. 3641: Mr. N
EWHOUSE and Mr. P ERRY . H.R. 3654: Mr. S
CHIFF , Mr. O’R OURKE , Ms. A
DAMS , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. B EN R
AYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. C RIST, and Mr. C
UMMINGS . H.R. 3671: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 3694: Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 3709: Ms. F
UDGE . H.R. 3733: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 3742: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 3828: Mr. G
ARAMENDI and Mr. H AS-
TINGS . H.R. 3849: Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia. H.R. 3878: Mr. G
ARAMENDI and Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 3956: Mr. C
HABOT , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mrs. B
LACKBURN , and Mr. R OEof Ten- nessee. H.R. 3964: Mr. P
OLIQUIN and Mr. B LU-
MENAUER . H.R. 4006: Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 4014: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 4030: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 4081: Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 4099: Mr. C
RAMER and Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska. H.R. 4107: Mr. L
AMBORN , Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. C
OFFMAN , Ms. H ANABUSA , and Mr. G ON-
ZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 4115: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4131: Mr. E
MMER . H.R. 4143: Mr. C
ULBERSON , Mr. B ANKS of In- diana, Mr. T
URNER , Mr. Z ELDIN , and Mr. R
UIZ. H.R. 4176: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H.R. 4177: Mr. G
OSAR . H.R. 4223: Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. R
USH, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , and Ms. P INGREE . H.R. 4238: Mr. C
HABOT . H.R. 4240: Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida and Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland. H.R. 4256: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. P
OLIQUIN , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. B
YRNE , Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. C LARK of Massa- chusetts, Mr. K
IHUEN , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. S
ERRANO , and Mr. D ENT. H.R. 4268: Ms. L
EEand Ms. M OORE . H.R. 4312: Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 4327: Mr. KINGof New York. H.R. 4377: Mr. F
LEISCHMANN and Mrs. N OEM. H.R. 4489: Mr. V
EASEY . H.R. 4527: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 4548: Mr. A
GUILAR and Mr. S UOZZI . H.R. 4549: Mr. C
HABOT . H.R. 4572: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 4573: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 4576: Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 4582: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois. H.R. 4589: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 4635: Mrs. D
INGELL and Ms. M OORE . H.R. 4655: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 4666: Mr. D
ENT. H.R. 4675: Mr. D
UNN. H.R. 4677: Mr. O’H
ALLERAN . H.R. 4680: Mr. E
LLISON , Ms. M ATSUI , and Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 4704: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 4706: Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. E
STES of Kansas, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. T
HOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida, and Mr. H OL-
LINGSWORTH . H.R. 4737: Mr. N
OLAN . H.R. 4744: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK . H.R. 4747: Mr. S
CHIFF . H.R. 4760: Mr. G
OWDY and Mr. L UETKE -
MEYER . H.R. 4775: Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, and Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4776: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 4779: Mr. C
RIST and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 4809: Mr. G
AETZ . H.R. 4816: Mr. S
HERMAN . H.R. 4831: Mr. E
MMER . H.R. 4837: Mr. E
SPAILLAT and Mr. C UM-
MINGS . H.R. 4838: Mr. K
IHUEN and Ms. S LAUGHTER . H.R. 4844: Mr. K
USTOFF of Tennessee, Mr. G
OSAR , and Mr. M EADOWS . H.R. 4850: Mr. P
ITTENGER . H.R. 4851: Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois and Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 4859: Mr. N
OLAN and Mr. S EANPATRICK  M
ALONEY of New York. H.R. 4871: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 4879: Mr. B
LUM. H.R. 4884: Mr. L
IPINSKI , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. C ORREA , Mr. K EATING , Mr. C
OSTA , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Mr. K IHUEN , and Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 4885: Mr. R
ICHMOND . H.R. 4886: Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina and Mr. B
LUM. H.R. 4888: Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Ms. G ABBARD , and Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 4889: Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland and Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 4899: Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 4904: Mr. B
OST. H.R. 4910: Mr. J
ONES , Mr. T URNER , and Mr. C
OOK. H.R. 4912: Ms. L
EE, Mr. V ARGAS , and Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 4919: Mr. N
ORMAN . H.R. 4932: Ms. T
ITUS, Ms. K APTUR , and Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 4949: Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN and Mr. J ONES . H.R. 4957: Mr. H
IGGINS of New York and Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 4963: Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD . H.R. 4970: Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, and Mrs. B
USTOS . H.R. 4979: Mr. M
ARCHANT , Mr. P AULSEN , and Mr. F
ERGUSON . H.R. 4995: Ms. L
EE. H. Con. Res. 10: Ms. D
ELBENE. H. Con. Res. 16: Ms. L
EE, and Mr. S MITH of Washington. H. Con. Res. 22: Mr. C
OHEN , Ms. L EE, and Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H. Con. Res. 63: Ms. B
ASS. H. Con. Res. 105: Mr. J
ONES , Mrs. L AW-
RENCE , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. G
ALLEGO , Miss G ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE7.037 H13FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1128 February 13, 2018 
NORMAN , Ms. S PEIER , Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California, Mr. V
ARGAS , Mr. R USH, Mr. C
OHEN , and Mrs. R ADEWAGEN . H. Res. 129: Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi and Ms. M
CSALLY . H. Res. 188: Mr. P
AYNE . H. Res. 252: Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H. Res. 274: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H. Res. 356: Mr. M
CNERNEY , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. D
EUTCH , and Ms. M OORE . H. Res. 652: Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H. Res. 653: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia. H. Res. 683: Mr. G
ALLEGO . H. Res. 697: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H. Res. 711: Mr. G
OODLATTE . H. Res. 716: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H. Res. 722: Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Ms. L EE, Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Mr. G RIJALVA , and Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H. Res. 723: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, and Mr. G UTIE´RREZ . H. Res. 730: Mr. B
ARLETTA and Ms. M CCOL-
LUM. H. Res. 733: Mr. D
OGGETT . CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
The amendment to be offered by Rep-resentative F
OSTER (IL) or a designee to H.R. 3978, the TRID Improvement Act of 2017, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff bene-fits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE7.034 H13FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S889 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 2018 No. 28 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable J
OHN K
ENNEDY , a Senator from the State of Louisiana. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Our Father, You are the God of our salvation. Thank You for this sacred moment of prayer. We think of Your goodness even in the night seasons, for Your ways are reliable and sure. Re-mind our Senators that before honor comes humility, as they seek to serve You and country. Give them the wis-dom to put their complete trust in You, knowing that You will direct their steps. Lord, use them to do Your work on Earth. Keep them calm in the quiet center of their lives so that they may experience serenity in life’s swirl-ing stresses. We pray in Your merciful Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The senior assistant legislative clerk read the following letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, February 13, 2018. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable JOHNKENNEDY , a Sen- ator from the State of Louisiana, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. KENNEDY thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tem-pore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
SOUTHEASTERN KENTUCKY FLOODING Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I wish to take a moment this morning to discuss events in southeastern Ken-tucky. Because of heavy rainfall over the weekend, residents are enduring widespread flooding in several coun-ties. Homes have been evacuated. A number of people have been forced to relocate to temporary shelters. Even where the floodwaters have begun to recede, a number of roads remain blocked because of water or mudslides. We are thankful that no injuries have been reported at this point. My staff in Eastern Kentucky is working closely with local officials, and I am moni-toring the situation and receiving up-dates. As always, we are deeply grateful to the emergency responders who rescued a number of people from their homes or their cars. Helping their fellow Ken-tuckians through this hardship, they have again earned our thanks. 
f 
IMMIGRATION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, on an entirely different matter, the Sen-ate took an initial step toward consid-ering proposals to address DACA, bor-der security, and other immigration issues. This week’s debate comes as no surprise to my colleagues. For a month now, I have repeatedly stated my in-tention to bring these issues to the Senate floor following a government funding agreement. Senators have had plenty of time to prepare. There is no reason why we should not reach a bi-partisan solution this week, but to do this, we need to get the debate started, look past making political points, and focus on actually making law. Making law will take 60 votes in the Senate, a majority in the House, and a Presidential signature. Yesterday, a number of my colleagues announced a reasonable proposal that I believe is our best chance to actually make law. It attends to my Democratic col-leagues’ stated priority: a compas-sionate solution for 1.8 million illegal immigrants who were brought to the United States as children. In exchange, it also delivers on the President’s stat-ed conditions. Their solution provides funding to secure the border, reforms extended-family chain migration, and recalibrates the visa lottery program. This proposal has my support. During this week of fair debate, I believe it de-serves the support of every Senator who is ready to move beyond making points and actually making a law. If other proposals are to be considered, our colleagues will have to actually in-troduce their own amendments, rather than just talk about them. I made a commitment to hold this debate and to hold it this week. I have lived up to my commitment. I hope ev-eryone will cooperate so that this op-portunity does not go to waste. f 
TAX REFORM Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, on another matter, last week, as part of our bipartisan funding agreement, the Senate approved much needed disaster relief for communities hit by last year’s devastating storms. This was an important accomplishment, but it isn’t the only way this Congress has helped Americans begin to rebuild. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE6.000 S13FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES890 February 13, 2018 
Recently, Florida Power & Light, the State’s largest utility, announced that their savings from tax reform will com-pletely cover the costs of rebuilding critical infrastructure in the wake of Hurricane Irma. Absent tax reform, consumers would have paid for much of the repairs in the form of higher rates. Now the utility can cover the cost itself, saving Florida families an aver-age of $250. In other States, from Montana to Massachusetts to my home State of Kentucky, utilities are planning to di-rectly pass along their savings by cut-ting consumers’ monthly bills. Of course, lower utility rates aren’t the only way tax reform is helping middle-class Americans. Week after week, the headlines are full of more bo-nuses, more pay raises, and more new benefits for hard-working Americans as a direct result—a direct result—of tax reform. With all of this good news pouring in, it is easy to forget how hotly the debate over tax reform was contested. Republicans argued that letting mid-dle-class families keep more of their own money and giving American job creators a 21st-century tax code would unleash prosperity and directly help American workers. Our Democratic colleagues gambled on a different prediction. Every single House Democrat voted in lockstep with their leader. She predicted tax reform would bring about Armageddon. Every single Democrat in the Senate rallied behind their leader, my friend from New York. He declared that there was ‘‘nothing about this bill that suits the needs of the American worker.’’ We always knew one side would be proven wrong. Either tax reform would benefit middle-class families and help reignite the economy or it would not. The early results speak for themselves. In the great State of Missouri, 20 com-panies, and counting, have already an-nounced tax reform bonuses, raises, or benefits. That includes thousand-dollar bonuses for 2,500 workers at Central Bank of St. Louis and at Great South-ern Bank in Springfield and more bo-nuses at Mid-Am Metal Forming in Rogersville. One of the Senators from Missouri voted for the policy that made all this happen. Their other Sen-ator tried to block it. In Ohio, tax reform has already led Jergens to double employees’ annual raise. It has enabled Sheffer Corpora-tion, a cylinder manufacturer, to give workers four-figure bonuses. Here is how Sheffer’s CEO responded to Demo-crats who have been trying to talk down these bonuses: ‘‘Some people have said that’s ‘crumbs,’ but for the Sheffer people, we consider that fine dining.’’ Remember, these bonuses and pay raises are just the tip of the spear. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act also directly helps families by cutting tax rates and expanding deductions. In every pay-check, American workers will keep more of what they earn. Only one Senator from Ohio voted to put all this middle-class progress on the menu. Every single Democrat in the Senate and the House voted to stop tax reform. Fortunately, for middle- class families in Missouri, in Ohio, in Kentucky, and across the Nation, Re-publicans overcame the obstruction and passed this historic bill. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Morning business is closed. 
f 
BROADER OPTIONS FOR AMERI-CANS ACT—MOTION TO PROCEED The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will resume consideration of the motion to proceed to H.R. 2579, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 302, H.R. 2579, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation coverage. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, we are in the midst of debate in the Senate on the issue of immigration. It is the first time in 5 years we have taken up this issue. There are many compelling rea-sons for us to get this right. On September 5, President Trump an-nounced that he was going to end the DACA Program, a program created by an Executive order of President Obama’s that protects 780,000 young people who are undocumented in the United States. The elimination of that program officially on March 5—just a few weeks away—will mean that these young people and many just like them will be subject to deportation and no longer allowed to legally work in the United States. President Trump challenged Congress to do something about it, to pass a law. As you can see, more than 5 months have passed, and we haven’t done that. But we have a chance this week to get it right. We have a chance to make this work. This morning, I come to the floor for a brief time to tell the story of two young women. The first one is named Tereza Lee. Tereza Lee is the reason for the DREAM Act, which is legisla-tion I introduced 17 years ago. Tereza was born in Brazil. Her par-ents were from Korea, but they trav-eled to Brazil first. She was brought to the United States at the age of 2 and made it to Chicago, IL. Her father wanted to be a Protestant minister and to start a church. That was his dream, and he worked at it. They were a poor family. They didn’t have much money to start with, but he pursued his dream. He gathered some people together in church settings. Her mother went to work at a dry-cleaners in Chicago, which is not un-common. The vast majority of dry-cleaning establishments in that city are run and owned by Korean families. It is a hard job, a lot of hours, but she was prepared to work to feed her fam-ily and to raise Tereza and her brothers and sisters. During the course of her father’s ministry, Tereza started banging away at an old piano at the back of the church and fell in love with the instru-ment. Someone gave her family a dis-carded piano, and she spent hours each day practicing. She signed up for some-thing called the Merit Music Program in Chicago, which is available for kids in public schools who can’t afford les-sons, and she developed her skill as a pianist. At the point she reached high school, she actually was playing with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra. Peo-ple took notice of it and said: Tereza, you have to go forward with this amaz-ing skill of yours and apply to the best music schools. She did. She applied to the Juilliard School of Music and the Manhattan School of Music, and she was accepted. She did run into a problem. When it came time to fill out the forms to go to school, there was a section where she had to declare her nationality or citi-zenship. She said to her mom: What do I put here? Her mom said: I don’t know. We brought you here on a visitor’s visa, and we never filed any more papers. Technically, Tereza was an undocu-mented person in America. She didn’t have legal status. So she contacted our office and asked what she could do. That was 17 years ago. We took a look at the law, and the law is pretty brutal for those who are undocumented in this country. It basically said to this 18- year-old girl: You have to leave the United States for 10 years and petition to come back in and apply for green card status and citizenship. Ten years? Brought here at the age of 2, she was banished by our laws in the United States and given no future. That is when I introduced the DREAM Act—for her initially but for many others in similar circumstances, kids who are brought here to America as infants and toddlers, young children, young teenagers who had no home, who had no country. They go to our public 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:31 Feb 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13FE6.002 S13FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S891 February 13, 2018 
schools and pledge allegiance to the same flag we pledge allegiance to every morning, but there is no legal status for them. The story has a happy ending for Tereza Lee. Even though the DREAM Act is not the law of the land, bene-factors stepped forward and paid for her education at the Manhattan School of Music, and she ended up with a Ph.D. in music. She ended up playing piano in Carnegie Hall. She is now married and because of that marriage has be-come a legal citizen of the United States and is the mother of two. That is the story of Tereza Lee, a Ko-rean-American young woman who, in her way, with her musical skill, makes America a better nation. There is another Korean-American girl I would like to salute as well. Her face may be more familiar. In 1982, a Korean immigrant came to the United States. He didn’t speak English very well. He carried a Korean-English dic-tionary with him. He had a couple hun-dred dollars. He landed in California and decided he was going to make a go of it here in America, so he went off to school and obtained a degree in manu-facturing engineering technology, and then he started to raise a family. In that family was a young girl who showed at a very early age an interest in snowboarding. Her father, this Ko-rean immigrant with no measurable skills and little proficiency in English, decided that he would help her, and he did. He made great sacrifices so she could develop her skills in snowboarding, and ultimately she be-came one of the best in the world. Yesterday at the Olympic Games in South Korea, she was awarded the Gold Medal because of her skills in snowboarding and the fact that she won this halfpipe competition against the others, some of the best in the world. This is Chloe Kim. Chloe Kim, this Korean-American girl, like Tereza Lee, developed an amazing skill. Today, all across this country and all across the world, we are saluting this amazing 17- year-old girl and the skill she devel-oped. But let’s remember that Chloe Kim’s story is the story of immigration in America. Chloe Kim’s story is the story of people who come to these shores determined to make a life. They don’t bring wealth. Many of them don’t even bring proficiency in English. They certainly in many cases don’t bring ad-vanced degrees. They only come here with the determination to make a bet-ter life for themselves and a better country for all of us. That is the story of immigration. It is the story of this Korean-American girl, Chloe Kim. It is the story of Tereza Lee, another Korean-American girl who was a Dreamer and inspired the introduction of the legislation we are debating this week in the Senate. There is a difference of opinion among Senators about immigration. Several Senators have said: We have too many immigrants; we have to limit those who come to this country. Some of them have even said that we have to be careful that we select only the best and brightest to come into this Nation. Well, I am the son of an immigrant my-self, and I can tell you for sure that my grandparents and my mother didn’t come to this country with any special skills or proficiency. They came here with a determination to make a better life, and they did, for themselves and for me. That is my story, that is my family’s story, and that is America’s story. This week as we debate immigration, let’s not only applaud Chloe Kim for her great achievement as a first-gen-eration American, the daughter of an immigrant who came here with noth-ing, let’s applaud Tereza Lee, too, who was determined against the odds to use her skills to make a better life for her-self and a better country for all of us. I yield the floor, and I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Democratic leader is recog-nized. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, last night the Senate took up a neutral bill on immigration to begin debate on leg-islation to protect the Dreamers and provide additional border security. It is a debate upon which the lives of the Dreamers depend. They were brought into this country as kids through no fault of their own. For many of them, America is the only country they re-member. They learn in our schools, they work at our companies, they serve in our military, and they are stitched into the very fabric of our Nation. This week we have the opportunity to offer these Dreamers protection and the chance to finally become Ameri-cans, and this is supported in every State throughout the Nation. Eighty percent of Americans—a majority of Democrats, Independents, and Repub-licans all support allowing the Dream-ers to stay here and become American citizens. We have an opportunity to im-prove border security, as well, which is something that also has broad support. Both Democrats and Republicans, in large numbers, have supported both helping the Dreamers become Ameri-cans and protecting our borders. That should be the focus of all our energies— finding a bipartisan compromise that would achieve those things and pass the Senate. We can put together a bipartisan plan here in the Senate and sell it to the Nation. I know that there are other forces swirling around. That was true of the budget deal, but Leader M
CCON-NELL and I put together an agreement. The Senate voted for it in large num-bers, the House passed it with signifi-cant support from both parties, and the President signed it. We can do the same thing on immigration. The Sen-ate can take the lead once again in a bipartisan way that can get 60 votes and move the Nation forward. We all know Americans in every State—your State, Mr. President, my State, and every State—who ask: Why can’t you work together and get some-thing done? Well, this is a very dif-ficult issue and we are all aware of that, but we can get something done. We are on the verge, but it is still hard. We are not there yet, but we can get something done. Let’s work toward that. 
INFRASTRUCTURE AND THE PRESIDENT ’S 
BUDGET  
Mr. President, on another matter en-tirely, the White House released its long-awaited infrastructure plan. After promising a trillion-dollar infrastruc-ture plan to build ‘‘gleaming new roads, bridges, highways, railways, and waterways all across our land,’’ Presi-dent Trump’s plan turned out to be less than half a loaf. Instead of a trillion dollars or more of investment, the Trump infrastructure plan includes only $200 billion in Federal investment, relying on State and local governments and private entities to pony up the rest of the cash. There is a great irony that on the same day the President put out the $200 billion infrastructure plan, the admin-istration’s budget slashed well over $200 billion in existing infrastructure investments that we do make every year. While the Trump infrastructure plan gives with one hand, the Trump budget takes more away than is given. That doesn’t show much of a commit-ment to do infrastructure. That shows sort of a schizophrenic administration. Even on the side where they try to give, the Trump infrastructure plan has a lot of flaws. Already cash- strapped State and local governments would likely have to raise taxes on their constituents to fund new invest-ments. Meanwhile, private entities will seek projects with the quickest return on investment. If you have a big, large resort with a lot of wealthy people going there, yes, a private person might build a road, but if you have a bridge in Shreveport or in Rochester, a middle-sized city or anywhere else in the country, no private investor is going to invest in that. There won’t be any money for it. Large parts of the country will be left out. And who will be left out most? Rural America, which lacks the population or traffic to at-tract investment, would get shut out. They have a set-aside for rural Amer-ica, but it is not close to enough—not close to enough. Worse, the Trump infrastructure plan would mean a slew of tolls—Trump tolls—from one end of America to the other. Large developers are going to want to make a quick buck on new in-vestment, and who is going to pay for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:31 Feb 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13FE6.003 S13FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES892 February 13, 2018 
it? The average, middle-class, working- class American who drives and pays the tolls. These companies—let’s face it; every-one knows this—are not going to lend money to build a road and not get any return. When the Federal Government puts money into roads, they don’t ask for a return, other than jobs created building the roads and jobs created be-cause new companies, new housing, and other new things will locate alongside the road. It does pay for itself through what the economists would call exter-nal costs—externalities. But the com-panies that invest, the big financiers who invest will want an immediate re-turn, and that means tolls—tolls, tolls, and more tolls. More tolls may not sound like a big deal to the bankers and financiers who put together Trump’s plan, but they sure mean a lot to working Americans who commute on these roads every day. I would remind people that the Fed-eral Government has invested in roads and infrastructure for centuries, not decades. Henry Clay, a Whig—the pred-ecessor party of the Republican Party—first proposed it in the 1820s and 1830s. Dwight Eisenhower, a Repub-lican President, expanded our Federal highway system dramatically with huge positive effect in large parts of America. Ronald Reagan never cut in-frastructure. He cut a lot of other things, but not infrastructure. He knew it was important. So why are we mak-ing this 180-degree, hairpin turn right now? It doesn’t make sense. There are other problems with the Trump plan. What about ‘‘Buy Amer-ican’’? Everyone says they are for ‘‘Buy American.’’ The Trump infrastructure plan unwinds ‘‘Buy American’’ provi-sions. If we are going to rebuild Amer-ican infrastructure, let’s do it with American steel, American concrete, and American labor. This is the kind of plan you would ex-pect from a President who surrounds himself with industry insiders, fin-anciers, people in Wall Street who look at infrastructure as an investment to be made by corporations. But infra-structure has always been something the government invests in because the benefits aren’t immediately apparent to business. A road might not generate short-term profits unless it is dotted with tolls, but a factory might locate nearby and bring new jobs to the area. The private sector might not build high-speed internet all the way out to the house at the end of the road if there isn’t a profit, but that family is just as deserving as every other family in America to be part of the internet, which is a necessity these days, just as electricity was in the thirties when Franklin Roosevelt proposed con-necting all rural homes to the electric grid. The private sector then and the private sector now should not pick and choose. It will leave large parts of America out. That is why the Trump infrastructure plan falls short. For almost our entire history, the consensus in Congress and the White House was that the government should lead the way on infrastructure. As I have mentioned, Republicans Henry Clay, Dwight Eisenhower, and Ronald Reagan believed that we need invest-ment in infrastructure. Democrats still believe it. I hope that our mutual desire to fix the Nation’s crumbling infrastructure without shifting the burden onto tax-payers and local governments moti-vates us to put the President’s proposal to the side, as we did with the budget, and come up with one ourselves. Mr. President, yesterday, the Trump administration delivered a budget to Congress that will drastically slash funding for education, environmental protection, transportation, Medicare, and Medicaid. Yes, folks, despite the President’s promise that he would never cut Medicare, Medicaid, and So-cial Security, he is cutting two out of the three in this budget—or so he pro-poses. Even with all those cuts, though, the Trump budget actually increases the deficit. Even in the realm of budgetary magic, the Trump budget pulls a trick so absurd that it would even make Houdini blush: Cut Medicare, cut Med-icaid, and yet increase the deficit. How the heck did that happen? Only in the world of President Trump and his budg-eteers. Just weeks after jamming through a partisan tax bill that would greatly benefit big corporations and the wealthy while adding $1.5 trillion to the deficit, the Trump administration is now proposing a massive curtailment of the programs that help almost ev-eryone else in America and, at the same time, increasing the deficit—a bad magic trick, very bad. After an entire campaign’s worth of promises to protect Medicaid and Medi-care, President Trump proposes to cut deeply into both of them. After calling education the civil rights issue of our time in his first address to the Con-gress, President Trump proposes a 10- percent cut in education funding. Ask your school boards throughout Amer-ica how they feel about that. Alongside his long-delayed infrastructure plan, President Trump proposes to cut trans-portation funding by nearly one-fifth— a decrease so large it would result in a net cut in infrastructure funding even if you add in the President’s new infra-structure bill. On the heels of a massive corporate tax cut, this budget is the very inverse of economic populism. It cuts back from nearly every program that helps the middle class and those struggling to reach it. The Trump budget is the encapsulation of an administration that promises populism but delivers plutocracy where the rich and powerful get the tax cuts, but everyone else just gets cut out. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
ASSE). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for about 15 minutes as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
FALSE CLAIMS ACT  
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I am going to address, as I do often on the floor, problems with the False Claims Act. As author of the False Claims Act of 1986, I want to say upfront, before I talk about some problems, that this is a piece of legislation that has brought into the Federal Treasury $56 to $57 bil-lion of fraudulently taken money. Each year, the Department of Justice updates the amount of money that has come in under the False Claims Act, about $3 billion to $4 billion a year. We are talking about a piece of legislation I passed more than 30 years ago, that had been good for the taxpayers, to make sure their money is handled the way the law requires. Obviously, if it is taken fraudulently, it isn’t handled the way the taxpayers would expect. With that introduction, I want to bring up some problems with the False Claims Act. Today, there are some troubling developments in the courts’ interpretation of the False Claims Act. To understand these developments, I want to review a little history. In 1943, Congress gutted the Lincoln- era law known as the False Claims Act. At that time, during World War II, the Department of Justice said it needed no help from whistleblowers to fight fraud. The Department of Justice said, if the government already knows about the fraud, then no court should even hear a whistleblower’s case. In 1943, Congress amended the False Claims Act to bar any whistleblower from bringing a claim if the government knows about the fraud. Looking back at World War II, we know what they did to the False Claims Act was a big mistake because the bar led to absurd results that only hurt the taxpayers. It basically meant that all whistleblower cases were blocked, even cases where the govern-ment only knew about the fraud be-cause of the whistleblower. In other words, whistleblowers are patriotic people when they are reporting fraud, but it didn’t make any difference be-cause of the way the law was amended in 1943. In 1984, the Seventh Circuit barred the State of Wisconsin from a whistle-blower action against Medicaid fraud. Even today, Medicaid fraud is a major problem. We have ways of getting at it now, but in 1984 they didn’t. In this case in Wisconsin, that State had al-ready told the Federal Government about the fraud because it was required to report that fraud under Federal law. Because of the so-called government 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:31 Feb 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13FE6.005 S13FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S893 February 13, 2018 
knowledge bar enacted in 1943, whistle-blower cases went nowhere and neither did prosecution of wrongdoers. Getting back to what I was involved in, in 1986, I worked with many of my colleagues—particularly a former Democratic Congressman from Cali-fornia by the name of Mr. Berman—to make it possible for whistleblowers to be heard again. In other words, these patriotic Americans just want the gov-ernment to do what the law says it ought to be doing and money spent the way it ought to be spent. They want people to know about it so action can be taken. In 1986, for whistleblowers to be heard again, that included eliminating the so-called government knowledge bar. Since then, what the government knows about fraud has still been used by defendants in false claims cases as a defense against their own state of mind. Courts have found that what the government knows about fraud can still undercut allegations that defend-ants knowingly submitted false claims. The theory goes something like this: If the government knows about the de-fendant’s bad behavior and the defend-ant knows the government knows, then the defendant did not knowingly com-mit fraud. That doesn’t make sense, does it? Once you wrap your head around that logic or puzzle, I have an-other one for you. In 2016, the question of what the gov-ernment knows about fraud in False Claims Act cases began to take center stage once again. In Escobar, the Su-preme Court rightly affirmed that a contractor can be liable under the ‘‘im-plied false certification’’ theory. That means a contractor can be in trouble when it doesn’t make good on its bar-gain. And it doesn’t matter whether the contractor outright lies—a mis-leading omission of its failures is enough. Unfortunately, parts of the Court’s ruling are getting some defendants and judges tied in knots. Justice Thomas wrote that the false or misleading as-pect of the claim has to be material to the government’s decision whether to pay it. Justice Thomas said that one of several ways you can tell whether something misleading is also material is if the government knows what the contractor is up to and pays the claim anyway. That is a good way for people to commit fraud. At first glance, I sup-pose that kind of makes sense. If some-one gives you something substantially different in value or quality from what you asked for, why would you pay for it? But if the difference really isn’t that important, you might still accept it. Even if that is true, the problem here is that courts are reacting the way they always have. They are trying to outdo each other in applying Justice Thomas’s analysis inappropriately or as strictly as possible, to the point of absurdity. In doing so, they are start-ing to resurrect elements of that old government knowledge bar that I worked so hard to get rid of in 1986. And remember, that government knowledge bar goes back to the big mistake Congress made in 1943 by eliminating it from the False Claims Act. Justice Thomas actually wrote: 
[I]f the Government pays a particular claim in full despite its actual knowledge that certain requirements were violated, that is very strong evidence that those re-quirements are not material. Or, if the Gov-ernment regularly pays a particular type of claim in full despite actual knowledge that certain requirements were violated, and has signaled no change in position, that is strong evidence that the requirements are not ma-terial. 
Justice Thomas did not say that in every case, if the government pays a claim despite the fact that someone, somewhere in the bowels of democracy might have heard about allegations that the contractor may have done something wrong, the contractor is automatically off the hook. Think about that. Why should the taxpayer pay the price for bureaucrats who fail to expose fraud against the govern-ment? That is why the False Claims Act exists—to protect taxpayers by re-warding whistleblowers for exposing fraud. Justice Thomas said that the govern-ment’s actions when it has actual knowledge that certain requirements were violated are evidence of whether those requirements are material. What does it mean for the government to have actual knowledge? Would it in-clude one bureaucrat who suspected a violation but looked the other way? Would that prove the requirement was material? Courts need to be careful here. First, this statement about govern-ment knowledge is not the standard for materiality. The standard for materi-ality is actually the same as it has al-ways been. The Court did not change that definition in Escobar. Materiality means ‘‘having a natural tendency to influence, or being capable of influ-encing, the payment or receipt of money or property.’’ The question of the government’s behavior in response to fraud is one of multiple factors for courts to weigh in applying the stand-ard. Second, courts and defendants should be mindful that Justice Thomas lim-ited the relevance here to actual knowledge of things that actually hap-pened. There are all sorts of situations where the government could have doubts but no actual knowledge of fraud. Maybe the government has only heard vague allegations but has no facts. Maybe the rumors are about something that may be happening in an industry but nothing about a par-ticular false claim by a particular de-fendant. Maybe an agency has started an inquiry but still has a long way to go before that inquiry is finished. Maybe someone with real agency au-thority or responsibility hasn’t learned of it yet. There are a lot of situations where the government might not have actual knowledge of the fraud. Third, even if the government does pay a false claim, that is not the end of the matter. Courts have long recog-nized that there are a lot of reasons why the government might not inter-vene in a whistleblower case. There are a lot of reasons why the government might still pay a false claim. Maybe declining to pay the claim would leave patients without prescriptions or life-saving medical care. Paying the claims in that case does not mean that the fraud is unimportant; it means that in that moment, the government wants to ensure access to critical care. That payment cannot and does not deprive the government of the right to recover the payment obtained through fraud. Can you imagine if that were the rule? Can you imagine if providers could avoid all accountability because the government decided not to let someone suffer? Then fraudsters could hold the government hostage. They could submit bogus claims all the time with no consequences because they know the government is not going to deny treatment to the sick and the vul-nerable. That is just not what the False Claims Act says. Courts should not read such a ridiculous rule into that statute. Fourth, courts should take care in reading into the act a requirement for the government to immediately stop paying claims or first pursue some other remedy. There could be many im-portant reasons to pay a claim that have nothing to do with whether the fraud is material. Further, there is no exhaustion requirement. The False Claims Act does not require the gov-ernment to jump through administra-tive hoops or give up its rights. And that would be an unreasonable burden on the government, in any event. We have decades of data showing that the government cannot stop fraud by itself—hence the importance of whis-tleblowers; hence the importance of the False Claims Act. I also know from many years of oversight that purely administrative remedies are very time- consuming and often toothless. The government should be able to de-cide how best to protect the taxpayers from fraud. The False Claims Act is the most effective tool the government has. The government should be able to use it without the courts piling on bogus restrictions that are just not law. I started with the importance of the False Claims Act. It has brought $56 billion to $57 billion into the Treasury since its enactment in 1986. Each year, the Department of Justice updates the law, usually reporting $3 billion or $4 billion coming in under that act in the previous year. I hope the courts understand that every bureaucrat in government has to have the opportunity to report what is wrong so that we make sure the tax-payers’ money is properly spent. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:31 Feb 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13FE6.006 S13FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES894 February 13, 2018 
The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. (Mr. C
RUZ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, for months, Senators have been clamoring for a floor debate on DACA, border se-curity, and other urgent issues per-taining to immigration. We have cer-tainly had ample time to prepare. The week we set aside for this debate has arrived—the week my Democratic colleagues insisted that we dedicate to this issue. The clock is ticking, but the debate has yet to begin. That is be-cause our Democratic colleagues have yet to yield back any of their postcloture time so we can begin this important debate. If we are going to re-solve these matters this week, we need to get moving. In my view, the pro-posal unveiled yesterday by Senator G
RASSLEY and a number of other Sen-ators offers our best chance to find a solution. I have committed that the amend-ment process will be fair and both sides will have the opportunity to submit ideas for debate and votes. For that to happen, our colleagues will have to ac-tually introduce their own amend-ments, rather than just talk about them. My colleague, Senator T
OOMEY , for example, has done just that. He put forward an amendment to address one of the most glaring aspects of our Na-tion’s broken immigration system— sanctuary cities. I see no reason to fur-ther delay consideration of this and other substantive proposals. Let’s start by setting up a vote on his amendment and an amendment from my Demo-cratic colleagues—an amendment of their choosing, not mine, with their consent. With their consent, we can start the debate and have the first two amendment votes. Mr. President, consistent with that, I ask unanimous consent that at 2:15 p.m. today, the motion to proceed to H.R. 2579 be agreed to. I ask unanimous consent that Senator T
OOMEY , or his designee, be recognized to offer amend-ment No. 1948 and that the Democratic leader, or his designee, be recognized to offer an amendment; further, that the time until 3:30 p.m. be equally divided between the leaders or their designees and that following the use or yielding back of that time, the Senate vote on the amendments in the order listed, with 60 affirmative votes required for adoption, and that no second-degree amendments be in order prior to the votes; finally, that if any of the amend-ments are adopted, they become origi-nal text for the purpose of further amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Mr. SCHUMER. Reserving the right to object, Mr. President, I appreciate the process the majority leader agreed to this week, but the proposal he just offered does not address the underlying issues of this debate and why we are here. It does not address Dreamers, nor does it address border security. As I said this morning, the Senate must focus on finding a bipartisan so-lution that addresses those two issues—Dreamers and border security. Rather than the partisan proposal of-fered by the Republican leader, I sug-gest we consider two proposals inside the scope of the debate, one for each side. Let the Republicans offer the President’s plan, in the form of legisla-tion carried by the Senators from Iowa and Arkansas, which the leader sup-ports, and the Democrats will offer the bipartisan Coons-McCain bill—narrow legislation that protects the Dreamers, boosts border security, and adds re-sources for immigration courts. Each is the opening foray—one for Democrats, one for Republicans—and can start the process and let us know where we stand. Our legislation is ready to go, and we would be happy to vote as soon as the Republicans have their proposal drafted and ready for an amendment vote. To begin this debate as the Repub-lican leader suggests would be getting off on the wrong foot—unrelated to DACA and very partisan. Respectfully, I suggest we move to the bills offered by Senator GRASSLEY and Senator C
OONS instead. Let’s get this debate started on the right foot. So I object to the leader’s request. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from South Dakota. 
TAX REFORM  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, when we set out to do tax reform, we had two big goals we wanted to achieve for the American people. First, we wanted to provide them with immediate relief on their tax bills, which we did, by lowering tax rates across the board, doubling the child tax credit, and nearly doubling the standard deduction. Thanks to lower rates and the new withholding tables, Americans across the Nation will start seeing bigger paychecks this month. Yet our objective went beyond tax cuts, as important as that relief is to the American people. We wanted to create an economy that would produce the jobs and oppor-tunities that would provide Americans with security and prosperity for the long term. Before the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, our Tax Code was not helping to create that kind of an economy. In fact, it was working against it. Busi-nesses, large and small, were weighed down by high tax rates and growth- killing tax provisions and all of the regulatory and compliance burdens that went along with them, and our outdated international tax rules left America’s global businesses at a com-petitive disadvantage in the global economy. That had real consequences for American workers. A small business owner who strug-gled to afford the annual tax bill for her business was highly unlikely to be able to hire a new worker or to raise wages. A larger business that struggled to stay competitive in the global mar-ketplace, while having paid substan-tially higher tax rates than its foreign competitors, too often had limited funds to expand or increase investment in the United States. So, when it came time for tax reform, we set out to reform the business side of the Tax Code to benefit American workers. We knew that for American workers to have access to good jobs and opportunities, the American econ-omy had to thrive, and that meant American businesses had to thrive, so we took action to lessen the challenges that faced American businesses. We lowered tax rates across the board for the owners of small- and me-dium-sized businesses, farms, and ranches. We expanded the ability of business owners to recover the invest-ments they make in their businesses, which will free up cash that they can reinvest in their operations and their workers. We lowered our Nation’s mas-sive corporate tax rate, which, up until January 1, was the highest corporate tax rate in the developed world. We also brought the U.S. international tax system into the 21st century by replac-ing our outdated worldwide system with a modernized territorial tax sys-tem so American businesses would not be operating at a disadvantage next to their foreign competitors. The goal in all of this was to free up businesses to increase investments in the U.S. economy, to hire new workers, and to increase wages and benefits. I am happy to report that is exactly what they are doing. Even though tax reform has been the law of the land for less than 2 months, businesses are al-ready announcing new investment, new jobs, better wages, and better benefits for workers. Tech giant Apple announced that thanks to tax reform, it will bring home almost $250 billion in cash, which it has been keeping overseas, and in-vest it in the United States. It also an-nounced it will create 20,000 new jobs. Fiat Chrysler announced it will be add-ing 2,500 jobs at a Michigan factory in order to produce the pickups it had been making in Mexico. Nexus Services is hiring 200 more workers. JPMorgan Chase is adding 4,000 new jobs and opening 400 new branches. Boeing is in-vesting an additional $100 million in in-frastructure and facilities and an addi-tional $100 million in workforce devel-opment. Regions Financial Corporation is investing an additional $100 million in capital expenditures. FedEx is in-vesting $1.5 billion to expand its FedEx Express hub in Indianapolis. ExxonMobil is investing an additional $35 billion in the U.S. economy over the next 5 years—and on and on. We are starting to see similar re-sults, not just from larger and medium- sized companies but from smaller com-panies too. For example, Jones Auto and Towing in Riverview, FL, is put-ting two new tow trucks into service, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:31 Feb 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13FE6.007 S13FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S895 February 13, 2018 
which means new jobs for local work-ers. There are all of the companies that are boosting their base wages: Bank of Hawaii; Charter Communications, In-corporated; Berkshire Hills Bancorp; Rod’s Harvest Foods in St. Ignatius, MT; Walmart; Cigna Corporation; Great Western Bancorp in my home State of South Dakota; Webster Finan-cial Corporation; Capital One; Humana. The list keeps going and going and going. Then there are the companies that are increasing their 401(k) matches, boosting wages, creating or expanding parental leave benefits, and improving health benefits. Tax reform is already working for American workers, and as the benefits of tax reform accrue, we can expect more jobs, more benefits, higher wages, and more opportunities for American workers in the future. That is what tax reform was designed to do—to unleash the entrepreneurial spirit in this coun-try and provide incentives for Amer-ican businesses to expand and grow their businesses. In doing that, they will create those better paying jobs, those higher wages, and a better stand-ard of living for American workers and American families. It is having the de-sired effect, and we are seeing it every single day in this country. This is not only a short-term thing; this will have a long-term effect and be a change that will be good for the American economy and American workers. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, about 20 minutes ago, our majority leader, Senator M
CCONNELL , tried to move debate along on an immigration bill, and I am puzzled that our minor-ity leader, Senator S
CHUMER , objected. The reason I am puzzled is, for a long period of time—maybe 10 years—some of the Senators on the other side of the aisle and even some Senators on our side of the aisle have been advocating for giving certainty to the young peo-ple who have been brought here by their parents whom we call either Dreamers or DACA people. They have been advocating for giving them legal-ization. The majority leader, 2 weeks ago, promised the minority an opportunity to have a debate on that issue—the first debate on immigration since 2013, I believe. The majority leader, today, tried to carry out that promise and get this bill moving, and we had this objec-tion. It is very puzzling. I think it is legitimate to ask the mi-nority leader, in his objecting to a unanimous consent agreement, why the objection is coming with regard to the very debate that he has, on his side of the aisle, been demanding of the ma-jority for a long period of time. Hasn’t the minority leader and the entire Democratic Party been asking for this debate? Yes, they have been. Leader MCCONNELL has honored his commitment and allowed us to have an open, fair immigration debate this week. The key words are an ‘‘immigra-tion debate,’’ not a DACA-only debate, not an amnesty-only debate but an im-migration debate. An immigration de-bate has to include a discussion about enforcement measures. An immigra-tion debate has to include a discussion about how to remove dangerous crimi-nal aliens from our country. A real im-migration debate has to include discus-sions about how to protect the Amer-ican people. The leader has asked unanimous con-sent to allow us to start debating these issues, and the Democrats are refusing. Puzzling, I say it is, because they have been the ones to demand this debate. Why don’t they want to debate things like sanctuary cities, as one example, which was asked for? Are they unpre-pared to discuss the vital public safety issues or is it more likely they are wor-ried that some bills on enforcement on this side of the aisle could actually pass? Maybe that is the case, but it is no reason not to allow this body to start debate on this very important issue. The American people deserve a real immigration debate about the four pil-lars we agreed to at the White House and not just a debate about the Demo-crats’ preferred policy preferences. Yes, DACA is an important part of that dis-cussion, but it is only one part. If the Democrats are insisting that we debate their preferred policies only, that is not a real debate at all. We have filed an amendment that takes into consideration the four pil-lars that were agreed to at a bicameral, bipartisan meeting at the White House, with the President presiding on Janu-ary 9. Those four pillars include: legal-ization and a path to citizenship, bor-der security, the elimination of chain migration, and, fourthly, the elimi-nation of the diversity visa lottery. Those all fit in, maybe not in detail and exactly the way the President might want it, but they fit into the four pillars as to which he said he would sign a piece of legislation. I suggest to my other 99 colleagues that there is a provision that can pass the U.S. Senate, pass the House of Rep-resentatives, and be signed by the President of the United States because he has said he agrees with those prin-ciples. Other people have bills but not bills that can become law based upon what the President will sign or not sign. Again, I think it is very puzzling that the Democratic leadership will not allow this debate to go forward, for it is something they have been asking for. More importantly, maybe it is quite the surprise that the majority leader would allow this debate to move forward, but that is how a consensus was met about 2 weeks ago on the issue of opening up government and having this debate and moving forward to a budget agreement. Those things have been done. Now the leader is carrying out his promise. I hope the other side will agree to move ahead. 
f 
RECESS Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate stand in recess as under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 12:28 p.m., recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassembled when called to order by the Presiding Officer (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). 
f 
BROADER OPTIONS FOR AMERI-CANS ACT—MOTION TO PRO-CEED—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, as people around the Nation listen to this floor debate, I am sure they can hear the divisions about immigration loud and clear. I know I can. Immigration policy is hard, it is emotional, and it has vexed this Congress for decades. While the floor debate we are having right now can be trying and can be thrown off-kilter by one more ill-timed tweet from the President, we have to keep our eyes on the ball because as tough as it may seem right here, the stakes are so much higher for millions of people who live every day in this country, trapped in a broken immigra-tion system. They face the constant fear of deportation, and they suffer from the threat of being ripped apart from their families, their friends, and the communities that they love. Just like the deep divisions we see on this issue across the country, finding a path forward in the Senate, in the House, and all the way to the White House is not going to be easy, but tack-ling the tough issues and engaging in fair and honest debate is why we are here. Creating a more perfect union is why we are here. Finding a bipartisan path forward both to secure our borders and protect the futures of so many hard-working families is why we are here. First, we have to agree to some basic truths. To start, Dreamers—hundreds of thousands of our friends and neigh-bors, our teachers, firefighters, service-members, and students—are not crimi-nals. They are not MS–13 gang mem-bers nor are they the shadowy pictures depicted in disgusting campaign ads in the President’s speeches. They are not a drain on our economy. In fact, Dreamers are just the opposite, contributing in countless ways to our communities and enriching the lives of so many others. So who are Dreamers? Dreamers are determined; they are passionate; they are American in every way except on paper. They are fighting for the only lives they have ever known. They are fighting for their loved ones with everything they have, and they are trying to do it the right way. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:31 Feb 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13FE6.009 S13FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES896 February 13, 2018 
A few years back, when Congress had fallen down on its job to fix the broken immigration system, Dreamers stepped up to work in good faith with the Fed-eral Government—Dreamers like Jose Manuel Vasquez, who grew up in south Seattle. He didn’t know he was not a natural born citizen until he went to get a driver’s license. Thanks to the DACA Program, Jose Manuel was able to graduate from the University of Washington. He started a tech busi-ness, and he volunteers at local non-profits. Another Dreamer who grew up in Pasco, WA, described being 4 years old when he was taken to the airport to fly to the United States. He said that he was so young, he didn’t understand what was going on. He only recalls being confused about why he couldn’t bring all of his toys with him to his new home in America. Years later, after he enrolled in DACA, he said that he was able to quit working in manual labor and start working as a personal banker at Wells Fargo. There are hundreds of thousands of Dreamers with similar stories. They came out of the shadows. They paid their taxes. They kept promises. They underwent background checks and did the hard work, even if only for a tem-porary shot at the opportunity so many others in this country have taken for granted. What Dreamers are is the embodi-ment of so much of what this country was founded on. That is truth No. 1. Truth No. 2: We all want to keep America safe, with commonsense bor-der security measures, and for anyone to claim otherwise is merely making an attempt to muddy the debate so that critics can retreat to their par-tisan corners, fall back on hateful rhet-oric, and try to stop a bipartisan bill from actually moving forward. The reality is, no matter what polit-ical party you ascribe to, protecting and defending the safety of fellow citi-zens and preventing those who could do us harm from entering this country is something we all believe in and some-thing we are all working for, which leads me to truth No. 3; that is, despite failed attempts in the past, today is a new day and a new chance to finally fix our broken immigration system for the Dreamers who call our country home. It is a new chance to honor our coun-try’s rich tradition of welcoming peo-ple from around the world who add to the rich tapestry of our Nation, who enrich our communities, and who will write the next chapter of our Nation’s history. It is a new chance for my Re-publican colleagues to stand by their word and do what they said—work with Democrats in good faith to find a bi-partisan path forward that will allow Dreamers to stay here in the country they call home. I hope Congress finally has the will to see this through, to be a nation of laws and a land of opportunity. With the right piece of legislation, we can do both. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, yester-day we began floor debate on some-thing that we have literally been talk-ing about for years. I remember, after the election of 2012, meeting at the White House with then-President Barack Obama, with Speaker of the House Boehner, Leader M
CCARTHY , Senator M
CCONNELL , and others. The President was prepared to do some-thing he had threatened to do, which we actually asked him not to do, and that is, to try to take unilateral Exec-utive action to deal with the issue of these young adults who came with their parents, when they were children, into the United States in violation of our immigration laws. We said: Please, President Obama, give us a chance to work with you to come up with a solution. He listened and said: No. I am going to sign an Executive order or action, and I am going to go this alone. Well, unfortunately for the young people who were the beneficiaries of this DACA Executive order, the court struck it down, so they were left in doubt and in some jeopardy, won-dering, now that they had been granted a deferred action against deportation by President Obama, what their future would look like. So President Trump, upon the advice of General Kelly, who was then Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity, said: Give the Congress some time to deal with this. Indeed, here we are with a deadline of March 5. All of the time that this President has been in office—since Jan-uary 20 of last year—this has been basi-cally living on borrowed time insofar as the DACA Program is involved. President Trump quite appropriately said that this is a legislative responsi-bility and that Congress needs to deal with this. Well, here we are. The debate actu-ally began on February 8, which is the date that Senator M
CCONNELL , the Sen-ate majority leader, agreed to initiate the motion to proceed on the debate. Of course, you will remember what hap-pened. The government was shut down because our Democratic colleagues re-fused to proceed to deal with the con-tinuing resolution for funding the gov-ernment until there was some resolu-tion of this DACA issue. So the major-ity leader said: We are going to deal with it starting February 8 if there is no other agreement, and it is going to be a fair and impartial process. Everybody’s ideas are going to be aired, and people should be able to vote on those ideas. Well, here we are. We started yester-day with cloture on the bill. Now, under the Senate rule, there are 30 hours that will expire tonight at 11 p.m. or thereabouts, and we are wait-ing on our colleagues across the aisle to begin this process that they were so eager to initiate that they shut down the government. So far, the majority leader came to the floor and made an offer at about noon today, saying: We will start with a vote on an amendment of your choos-ing, and then we will go to one of our choosing. We will go back and forth and have an orderly process so I can follow through on my commitment to keep a fair, equal, and orderly process. Well, even though they were willing to shut down the government to bring us to this point, now they seem to be incredibly reluctant to actually have a vote on any of their proposals. It really is bizarre. We all want a solution for these young adults. In America, we don’t punish children for the mistakes their parents made, and we are not going to punish these young people, who are now adults, who have been able to go to college and, in many instances, be-come very productive people. We want to provide them an opportunity to flourish. Indeed, the President—not-withstanding the fact that 690,000 DACA recipients currently exist, he said: I will be willing to up that num-ber to everybody who is eligible, whether or not they signed up. That is 1.8 million young people. Do you know what? We are not only going to give them deferred action, we are going to give them an opportunity to become Americans. It is incredibly generous, but our col-leagues across the aisle seem to be tripped up by their own plan and un-able to respond to this generous offer. The President has said: In return for the 1.8 million young people who will have a pathway to citizenship and pre-dictability and stability and a great fu-ture for their lives, we are going to have to secure the border. We are going to have to do the sorts of things the Federal Government should have done a long time ago. Coming from Texas, a border State, we have 1,200 miles of common border with Mexico. As we heard this morning in the world threats hearing in the Senate Intelligence Committee, the Di-rector of National Intelligence said the transnational criminal organizations or cartels, which are commodity agnos-tic—they make money trafficking in people, drugs, or other contraband, and they are exploiting the porous nature of our border with our neighbor to the south, Mexico. Indeed, Central Amer-ican countries are sending even their young children up to the border, ex-ploiting a loophole in our law. The President has also said that in addition to dealing with border secu-rity, he wants to change legal immi-gration to focus on the nuclear fam-ily—mom and dad and the kids. If other people want to come to the United States, then they can qualify 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:31 Feb 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13FE6.011 S13FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S897 February 13, 2018 
for various employment-based visas. They can come study as a student. They can come as a tourist. They can qualify for an H–1B visa as somebody who is highly skilled. There are other ways to come. But we are going to limit the number of visas and green cards based strictly on your family re-lationships. Then the President said that he wanted to deal with the diversity lot-tery visa. This is perhaps the most dif-ficult to understand visa our govern-ment issues. Basically, what we say is that there are 50,000 diversity visas, and for those countries that aren’t oth-erwise represented, we are going to sort of spread those like bread on the water and welcome 50,000 people with-out regard to their background, their education, their other merits or quali-fications. Some have said, like the President— and I agree with him—that we ought to look at not only how immigrants can benefit from coming to the United States but also what qualities they have that they can bring us. Yes, we ought to compete for the best and brightest—for example, the 600,000 or so foreign students who come to our colleges and universities. What about focusing on those who graduate in STEM fields—science, technology, en-gineering, and math. There have been some folks who have said: Well, we ought to staple a green card to those people because we want to continue to attract the best and the brightest. We don’t want to train them, educate them, and send them home, only to compete with us. Well, those are some great ideas. We are not going to be able to have votes on bills unless our friends across the aisle will agree to get onto a bill. Pref-erably it is the bill that Senator G
RASSLEY and others, including myself, have cosponsored, which will be filed this afternoon, based on those four pil-lars. Coming from a border State, I have spent quite a bit of time in the Rio Grande Valley, down in Laredo, and over in El Paso, and I have learned a lot from the experts at the border, who would be the Border Patrol agents themselves. I have talked to people like Manny Padilla, who is the chief Border Patrol officer in the Rio Grande Valley, which is one of the most active regions in the country. His sector, at times, has been one of the busiest in the country, with some 200,000 appre-hensions a year just in the Rio Grande Valley itself. I have seen the border firsthand, of course. It is vast, and the terrain varies widely, from portions where the Rio Grande River flows strongly, to ones where it has dried up, where there is hardly any water at all separating Mexico and the United States, and still others that include 3,200-foot cliffs along the riverbank, particularly out in the Big Bend area of West Texas. I have also had the opportunity to welcome many of my colleagues who don’t come from border States to my State so they could become better in-formed about the nature and the chal-lenge of border security. When you spend time there and speak to the local officials and people who live and work along the border, you realize the scale of the challenge we are facing in secur-ing the border, as well as combating the cartels and people who are import-ing poison into the United States and unfortunately taking far too many lives as the result of drugs. You realize that a one-size-fits-all approach doesn’t work. Generations of Texans know that too. People who live in border commu-nities are an invaluable resource, and we ought to be talking to them about what would work best to provide the security in a way that would also be helpful to their local community. I have mentioned before one of those down in Hidalgo, TX, where the Border Patrol said: We need some physical barriers to help control the flow of ille-gal immigration across the border. The local community said: Well, we need to improve the flood levee system so that we can actually buy affordable insurance, so that we can develop our property at a reasonable cost. Out of that came a bond election for a levee wall system that was a win-win. It provided the flood protection needed by the community, and it provided the physical barrier that the Border Patrol said they needed in order to control il-legal immigration. So there is an opportunity for a win- win here if we will just listen to the ex-perts and we will talk to the local stakeholders and the people who live, work, and play along our border with Mexico. I have also had many conversations with Hispanic leaders from across my State. One of them is my friend Roger Rocha, the president of the League of United Latin American Citizens, or LULAC, who has been courageous in putting his reputation on the line in order to find common ground and give DACA recipients an opportunity not only to stay and work but to eventu-ally become American citizens. Well, yesterday, I said there will be a process that is fair to everybody—that is what the majority leader guaran-teed—and all of our colleagues will have a chance to have their proposals considered. Amendments will have a 60- vote threshold before they can be adopted. That is the rule of the Senate. What I am interested in is solving the problem, and that means not only find-ing a proposal that can get 60 votes in the Senate but one that can pass the House and be signed into law by the President. I read this morning—when I got up and was making a cup of coffee and looking through the newspaper—that our colleague across the aisle, the Democratic whip, whom I have worked with and met with on this topic many times, said his goal was to get all the Democrats and 11 Republicans to get to that 60-vote threshold. That was his goal in this legislation. What is miss-ing is how he would propose to get this passed through the Republican major-ity in the House and signed by the President if it doesn’t comply with the President’s requirements that he laid out in his four pillars. I am not inter-ested in a futile act; I am interested in actually making a law, which means passing the Senate, passing the House, and getting signed into law by the President. Yesterday, a group led by Chairman GRASSLEY of the Judiciary Committee put forth a proposal that I believe can pass the Senate, can pass the House, and can be signed into law by President Trump. It is called the Secure and Suc-ceed Act. The name itself is quite fit-ting. We have to secure the border, and we have to be able to provide for the future success of DACA recipients. It is not one or the other; it is both. The Se-cure and Succeed proposal provides a pathway to citizenship, like the Presi-dent proposed, for 1.8 million DACA-el-igible recipients, which is far more than President Obama ever offered. I mean, this is pretty incredible. What President Obama offered was DACA for 690,000 young people. This President has offered a pathway to citizenship for 1.8 million. Some people may think that is far too generous, but the Presi-dent made that offer expecting to get border security and these other provi-sions done at the same time. This legislation provides a real plan to strengthen our borders and utilize boots on the ground, better technology, and infrastructure. It reallocates visas from the diversity lottery system in a way that is fair, and it continues the existing family-based immigration cat-egories until the current backlog is clear. I am proud to cosponsor this com-monsense solution, not because it is perfect—no piece of legislation ever is—but what it does is it advances the issue in a way that can pass the Senate so the House can take it up and the President can ultimately sign it. That is the only way I know to get some-thing accomplished here. Everybody needs to get to work. Our Democratic colleagues who voted to shut down the government over this issue now seem unprepared to meet the deadline they themselves insisted upon, even after the majority leader has provided a fair and open process for everybody to participate. So everybody needs to get to work. Our colleagues have known for a while that this was coming. They asked for this debate, but they have not yet filed any pro-posed legislation. I am wondering what the holdup is. Here is the bottom line. I am not in-terested in gamesmanship for gamesmanship’s sake, political theater for political theater’s sake, or ideas that can’t become law. As the Presi-dent said 2 weeks ago, the ultimate proposal must be one where nobody gets everything they want but our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:31 Feb 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13FE6.012 S13FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES898 February 13, 2018 
country gets the critical reforms that it needs. About 124,000 young people hope we can rise to the occasion. Just in my State alone, there are 124,000 DACA recipients who hope we can rise to the occasion and take advantage of the tremendous, generous offer Presi-dent Trump has made in a bill he said he would sign into law if we were able to pass it in the Senate and in the House and get it on his desk. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. REED. Mr. President, I ask unan-imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. F
LAKE ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. REED. Mr. President, last Sep-tember, President Trump took it upon himself to create an economic, human-itarian, and political crisis by rescind-ing the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Program, or DACA, without proposing a serious solution for the nearly 800,000 DACA recipients who now face deportation. These people and their families have had to endure fits and starts of uncertainty as Democrats and some Republicans have worked tirelessly to advance the Dream Act and other fair and reasonable com-promises authored chiefly by my col-leagues, Senators D
URBIN and G RAHAM , also supported by the Presiding Officer, only to have President Trump and the Republican majority find every way to say no, or to stall the process. This week, however, the Senate has an opportunity to address the panic and stress the President caused, not just for those on DACA and their fami-lies, but also for our Nation’s busi-nesses and our broader economy. I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for this chance for an open de-bate on a solution for Dreamers. In particular, I again thank Senator D
UR-
BIN, Senator G RAHAM , and Senator F
LAKE for their advocacy and efforts to find a bipartisan compromise. I thank Leader S
CHUMER for his leadership in pushing for a resolution, and Leader M
CCONNELL for keeping his commit-ment to have this debate. I thank them all. The basic facts of this debate are clear. The American people overwhelm-ingly support finding a solution for Dreamers that protects them from de-portation and provides a pathway to citizenship for those who work hard and play by the rules. I believe that a bipartisan majority of my colleagues want the same thing. The question be-fore us is whether the partisanship and raw feelings surrounding this debate will prevent a solution to this crisis from becoming law. So I urge my col-leagues: Let us forge the bipartisan agreement that the American people want and the Dreamers deserve. Let us end this crisis. Then, after this bipar-tisan show of good faith, let us again take up the kind of comprehensive im-migration reform that many of us in this body have already voted to pass so we can fix our broken immigration sys-tem once and for all. I do not believe, however, that solv-ing the DACA crisis, which President Trump in a sense created, should come at the cost of radically restructuring legal immigration. According to the conservative Cato Institute, President Trump’s immigration proposals in ex-change for resolving the DACA crisis would result in an approximate 44-per-cent reduction in legal immigration. This would be the largest cut to immi-gration in nearly a century. In addition to the profound effects such a cut would have on American families, cul-ture, and opportunities, it would also level a massive blow to the American labor force and economic growth. According to the Cato Institute and the independent research firm Macro-economic Advisers, slashing legal im-migration by about half could initially cut our projected economic growth rate by 12.5 percent in the next year or two. That would be a significant blow to our economy, and it could lead to further reduced economic growth projections down the line due to the reduction in the size of the American workforce. And, just as our Nation faces a sky-rocketing deficit due to the impact of policies like the Republican tax plan, the National Academy of Sciences esti-mates that immigrants, on average, contribute over $92,000 more than they receive in government benefits over the course of their lives, and losing these American workers would only further shrink revenue that could help balance the budget. If Congress decides to take on immi-gration reform of this magnitude, it must be in the context of bipartisan, comprehensive immigration reform, and not in the context of resolving this crisis that has been prompted by Presi-dent Trump. Nor should this discussion suggest that a desire to do the right thing by Dreamers somehow indicates a lack of appreciation for the importance of se-curing our borders. I believe my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle agree that border security is of critical im-portance to our Nation. I have voted to increase the vetting of visa applicants, to heighten security on international travel, and to increase support for homeland security and border control by billions of dollars. In Fiscal Year 2000, there were 8,619 Border Patrol agents on the southwest border. Today, there are currently just shy of 20,000. The Obama administration alone added more than 3,000 Border Patrol agents on our southern Border, doubled the amount of fencing, and added techno-logical systems, including aerial and ground surveillance systems. Unlawful immigration began lessening under President Obama, and today, fewer peo-ple are entering the country illegally across the U.S.-Mexico border than in the past 50 years. I believe in a strong border that continues to adapt the best technologies and tactics to keep our Nation safe. What I do not believe in, however, is symbolic action, like the construction of a wall that would drain taxpayer dollars without making Americans any safer. There is a reason that Americans on both sides of the political divide have spoken out against deporting Dream-ers. A great many of these young peo-ple are outstanding and accomplished, and our communities would feel the loss of all that they contribute. It is true that they were brought here as children outside the appropriate proc-esses, but this was through no fault of their own. As they have grown up here, they have pursued higher education, started American families, worked hard and paid taxes, and stayed out of trouble with the law. They have passed background checks, been fingerprinted, paid hundreds of dollars in fees, and submitted detailed records to immigra-tion enforcement officials whose job it is to prevent fraud and spot any crimi-nals in the system. Indeed, DACA sta-tus is not blanket amnesty or an enti-tlement, but is something that must be earned and kept up. Hundreds of DACA recipients served in the U.S. Armed Forces, like Zion Dirgantara, whose mother brought him and his brother from Indonesia to Philadelphia when they were young, and who did not know about his un-documented status until he applied for a driver’s license. Last fall, Zion told the Washington Post that he was deep-ly affected when, at age 12, he watched the crash of United Flight 93 in his new home State of Pennsylvania on Sep-tember 11, 2001, but he could not join the Army out of high school because of his undocumented status. Because of DACA, he was able to enlist in the Army, but both his status and his abil-ity to continue serving his country hang in the balance during this debate. Many of my colleagues have spoken movingly and eloquently about the Dreamers who have come forward to tell their stories. I associate myself with their remarks, and challenge my colleagues who have not met these young people in person to listen to their stories and perspectives. Over the last few months, I, and my staff, have had the opportunity to meet several very impressive Dreamers living in Rhode Island who have illustrated what the loss of DACA means to them and their families. I met one young woman studying at Brown University who needs DACA to ensure that she can stay here to attend medical school and help fill the shortage of doctors in America. Another young man I met told me that DACA, for him, means being able to drive to school and work every day to save up for advanced edu-cation. These young people want to live pro-ductive lives and, indeed, according to the Center for American Progress, let-ting DACA expire completely would 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13FE6.014 S13FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S899 February 13, 2018 
cost our Nation’s economy over $460 billion over the next decade, including an annual loss to Rhode Island’s econ-omy of an estimated $60 million. Find-ing a solution for these people is not just the right thing to do, but it also makes smart economic sense, and I be-lieve that is part of the reason why the American people are largely in agree-ment on helping Dreamers. I also wish to note that this same moral and economic sense applies to the need to provide deportation relief and legal status for qualified recipients of Temporary Protected Status, or TPS, and Deferred Enforced Departure. These individuals came to America from devastated parts of the world seeking safety and a fresh start, and they have become integral members of our community and our economy. Like DACA recipients, they have passed rig-orous and periodic background checks, paid hundreds of dollars in fees, and demonstrated that they are not risks to public safety or national security. The average TPS beneficiary has been in America for 19 years and many have been here even longer. About 70 percent to 80 percent are employed, and they are collectively parents to nearly 275,000 American citizen children. Since 1999, I have been fighting for a pathway to citizenship for Liberians who came to States like Rhode Island to escape two bloody civil wars and the Ebola virus outbreak. Some of these Liberian refugees have been fixtures of our community for nearly 30 years but, like DACA recipients, they could face deportation in a number of weeks be-cause of the expiration of TPS and DED protections. Congress can and should include these populations in the solutions we discuss here this week. Mr. President, I, along with many of my colleagues, have taken the tough votes to strengthen our border and en-sure immigrants play by the rules. I have voted for the DREAM Act and for comprehensive immigration reform that passed in this body. I know that we can address this crisis if we choose to, but I also know that the only true path forward is real bipartisan com-promise, not posturing or legislative gamesmanship. I urge my colleagues to support compromise legislation to ad-dress the specific crisis before us and, when we have done that, to begin ear-nest discussions on bipartisan and com-prehensive immigration reform. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. J
OHNSON ). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I am here for my 197th ‘‘Time to Wake Up’’ speech. My poster board is getting a little dog-eared, but we keep moving doggedly along. Last week, I spoke about corporate America outsourcing its lobbying to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce—a de-termined enemy of any action on cli-mate change. When pro-climate compa-nies support the chamber, they support its anti-climate lobbying, its anti-cli-mate election spending and threat-ening, and they enable the chamber’s anti-climate stranglehold with the fos-sil fuel industry on Congress. The chamber is not alone in its anti- climate advocacy on behalf of cor-porate America. Another big Wash-ington trade association obstructing climate action, despite having been a pro-climate action member, is the Na-tional Association of Manufacturers, often called NAM. Over the last two decades, NAM has spent more than $150 million lobbying the Federal Government, and each year, NAM lobbies extensively for the fossil fuel industry. Here are some of the greatest hits of NAM’s fossil fuel lobbying. NAM lobbies to expand offshore drill-ing in the Atlantic, Gulf of Mexico, Pa-cific, and Arctic. I wonder how many of its members want to be out there sup-porting offshore drilling in all those areas. NAM advocates for the continued use of coal in the electric power and indus-trial sectors. There is not a congres-sional district left where a majority of voters don’t want coal-plant emissions regulated. Yet there is NAM. NAM lobbies to roll back fuel econ-omy standards that save consumers billions of dollars at the pump. Never mind that the equipment that keeps cars cleaner is manufactured; the Na-tional Association of Manufacturers is opposed. NAM sent what it calls a key vote letter to all Members of Congress urg-ing repeal of a rule to protect streams from mountaintop removal coal mining pollution. More on that in a moment. NAM urged the Trump administra-tion to withdraw from the Paris Agree-ment. More on that in a moment too. Finally, NAM opposes any efforts to put a price on carbon pollution. Back to that key vote letter. ‘‘The NAM’s Key Vote Advisory Committee has indicated that votes on H.J. Res. 38, including procedural motions, may be considered for designation as Key Manufacturing Votes in the 115th Con-gress.’’ This letter warns Members of Congress to vote the way the group wants or risk losing out on its endorse-ments and all the campaign support that goes with it. Who knows—run up a bad enough score and NAM may sup-port your opponent. Well, you would think protecting streams and drinking water from pollu-tion from coal mines would be nothing but common sense. Streams fouled by coal mining waste literally run orange. This is the actual photograph; this is not a black-and-white photograph that has been color-corrected. This stream is running orange. As one West Vir-ginia woman whose local stream was contaminated told the New York Times, ‘‘Orange is not the color of water.’’ But NAM and its fossil fuel al-lies opposed those clean water protec-tions. Why? Where is the manufac-turing value in streams that look like that? Follow the money. Look at the National Association of Manufacturers’ major donors. A lot of the usual sus-pects—coal companies, oil companies, and Koch-owned oil production compa-nies. But here is what is strange. There are also a lot of companies that care about climate and sustainability that fund the National Association of Manufac-turers. Just look at the pharma-ceutical and healthcare sector. Bristol- Myers Squibb, Eli Lilly, Johnson & Johnson, Novartis, Pfizer, and UnitedHealth all belong to and fund NAM. If you go on their websites, you will find them urging people to live healthier, longer lives. So why are they lobbying through NAM to let coal com-panies make streams look like this? You will find these companies, on their websites, touting their commitments to sustainability and to reduce carbon emissions. So why are they lobbying through the National Association of Manufacturers against climate policies they actually support? The National Association of Manu-facturers rather inexplicably opposes all serious climate action. In par-ticular, it opposes putting a price on carbon emissions. It even funded a de-bunked study that claimed putting an economy-wide price on carbon would cost millions of jobs. It lobbied for a legislative amendment making it more difficult to begin pricing carbon. But look at NAM’s own member companies that are already pricing carbon emis-sions. Archer Daniels Midland, Cargill, Corning, Microsoft, and Stanley Black & Decker all apply a price on carbon in their own internal management and ac-counting. They understand that pricing carbon doesn’t kill jobs. They under-stand that pricing carbon makes eco-nomic and environmental sense. Here in Congress, what we see is NAM claiming to represent them but actually carrying water for the fossil fuel industry and waging full-scale war on good climate policy. Just like with the chamber’s pro-climate members, we see essentially no pushback when the ostensible mouthpiece for these companies lobbies against these com-panies’ stated position. Why would you, as a big American corporation, take a position on a very big issue and then delegate your lobbying to an enti-ty in Washington that is opposed to your stated position? Indeed, we see virtually no corporate lobbying by any-one for good climate policy. Even com-panies with an internal carbon price don’t lobby for a carbon price. The American Opportunity Carbon Fee Act, which Senator S CHATZ and I have introduced in the last two Con-gresses, would create an economy-wide price on carbon emissions, using mar-ket forces to dramatically reduce 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13FE6.016 S13FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES900 February 13, 2018 
greenhouse gas emissions, protect our future, and improve public health. It would be border adjustable to protect American companies from unfair com-petition abroad, and it would return all of the revenue it raised to the Amer-ican people. Liberal and conservative economists agree that this is the best way to tackle climate change. But the National Association of Manufacturers, on behalf of its fossil fuel allies, op-poses us. It protects at all costs the massive market failure that allows the fossil fuel industry to duck the costs of its pollution. That is market failure 101. It is not just that. NAM opposed cap and trade. NAM opposed the Paris Agreement. NAM sued to stop the Clean Power Plan. NAM supports the climate deniers of the Trump adminis-tration. They have no alternative, no better idea, no other way that they want to address the climate crisis; they are just against any serious action on climate change. Archer Daniels Midland, Cargill, Cor-ning, Microsoft, and Stanley Black & Decker are members of NAM. All of them supported the Paris Agreement, but all this time, they continue to fund the National Association of Manufac-turers. It doesn’t make any sense. These companies are already pricing carbon. They know it is good policy. They support the Paris Agreement. Yet they fund the trade advocacy group that is pulling out all the stops to kill the policy they support and the agree-ment they support. I asked last week, and I will ask again: When is the cav-alry going to get here? Lots of pro-climate companies fund the National Association of Manufac-turers’ anti-climate crusade. It is bi-zarre, but it is true. Intel says it ‘‘believes that global cli-mate change is a serious environ-mental, economic and social challenge that warrants an equally serious re-sponse by governments and the private sector,’’ but Intel funds NAM as NAM fights any response by governments. KPMG has an entire practice area de-voted to advising companies on the emerging risks and hazards of climate change, but KPMG funds NAM as NAM ignores and talks down those very haz-ards. McCormick is focused on reducing its carbon emissions and, like a lot of good companies, even expects its suppliers to do the same, but McCormick also funds the National Association of Man-ufacturers. Pernod Ricard is committed to reduc-ing its carbon emissions, but Pernod Ricard funds NAM. Procter & Gamble says: 
As a global citizen, we are concerned about the negative consequences of climate change. We believe industry, governments, and consumers can work together to reduce emissions to protect the environment. 
That is what they believe, but they fund the National Association of Manu-facturers, which tries to stop any such effort. Verizon is so concerned about cli-mate change that it has reduced its own emissions by over 50 percent, but Verizon still funds the National Asso-ciation of Manufacturers. I could go on, but you get the pic-ture. Company after company claims that addressing climate change is their priority, and many do great things— truly great things—inside their fence lines and in many cases even out their supply chains, demanding sustain-ability compliance out their supply chains. But here, where the rubber hits the lawmaking road in Congress, the corporate support is for groups leading the war against climate action here in Washington, and virtually none of the companies show up here on the other side. It is not as though they say: OK, I will support the National Association of Manufacturers and their efforts to obstruct any climate action, but I am going to come down and make clear on my own, in my own lobbying, that we want climate action. I am going to off-set the lobbying that this group I fund does against the position I espouse. No, they don’t do that. They almost never come in on their own to support good climate policy to counterbalance what their own advocates are advo-cating when their own advocates are advocating against them, which ex-plains why the fossil fuel guys keep on winning here in Congress. It is easy to win when the other side doesn’t show up or, if they do, shows up wearing your jersey. Here is how bad it is. The National Association of Manufacturers and the chamber and the fossil fuel industry hired a bunch of Washington lobbyists to create a fake consumer group called the Consumer Energy Alliance. This fake consumer group then created a fake initiative in Kentucky called— these names are always so comical— Kentuckians for Solar Fairness. What is the goal? The goal is to support Ken-tucky legislation making it harder for consumers to sell rooftop solar power back to the big utilities. NAM is behind this scheme. Why? If you are Johnson & Johnson or Cargill or Corning or Microsoft or KPMG or Procter & Gamble, why do you want to be associated with a scheme like this? Remember, this is ostensibly the Na-tional Association of Manufacturers. Out in the real world, there is a lot of manufacturing going on in renewable energy. We manufactured offshore wind tur-bines in Rhode Island’s waters. Rhode Island boat builder Blount Marine even got the contract to manufacture the new boat to get technicians out to service the manufacturer turbines. The framing on which our offshore wind turbines stand was manufactured in Louisiana. Solar arrays are manufac-tured and installed all around the country, providing more American jobs than coal. In Texas alone, solar pro-vides nearly 9,000 jobs, and more than 1.6 gigawatts of solar capacity has been manufactured and installed in Texas. Go to Iowa, where one-third of their electricity is from wind, and look how much ground-based wind turbine manu-facturing and maintenance is going on—really good jobs. Why is the National Association of Manufacturers so violently opposed to manufacturing in the renewable energy industry? Why does NAM get involved in a Kentucky utility regulatory issue with nothing apparent to do with man-ufacturing? Why is the National Asso-ciation of Manufacturers exactly and perfectly aligned with the fossil fuel industry and not its own membership on so many issues? In Washington, the fossil fuel lobby is relentless. They have a bad name and an obvious conflict of interest, so they like to do their political dirty work through groups like the National Association of Manufacturers and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. I get it. Disguise is an age-old tactic. But why does corporate America put up with having its trade association used as disguise to fight climate action and to get involved in State quarrels that benefit only the fossil fuel indus-try? The effect of corporate America al-lowing its trade groups to be captured by fossil fuel interests is that cor-porate America is now, for all practical purposes, collectively united against climate action in Congress. Say what-ever they say on their websites; do whatever they do within their fence lines or out their supply chains; sign whatever they sign by way of letters and advertisements; that is all good, but when it comes to Congress, where the lawmaking rubber hits the road, corporate America is collectively united against climate action, either through direct antagonism like the fos-sil fuel industry or by letting antago-nists like the National Association of Manufacturers and the chamber be their lobbying intermediaries and erase their good climate policies by the time they get to Congress and replace them with the fossil fuel industry’s climate denial or by simply ducking the fight and not showing up on game day. If we are going to meet America’s re-sponsibilities and finally pass good cli-mate policy, we are going to need ev-eryone, including corporate America, to do their part. Right now, fossil fuel interests from corporate America are all over the field, armed and ready for battle, and the good guys are not even showing up at the game. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Michigan. RURAL HIGH -SPEED BROADBAND  
Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, a com-munity built without access to drink-ing water would never be expected to grow and thrive. Parents wouldn’t move their children to a home where they don’t have running water for bathing and for drinking. Restaurants wouldn’t be able to cook and keep their kitchens clean. Manufacturers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13FE6.018 S13FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S901 February 13, 2018 
wouldn’t build new factories where they couldn’t access water for cooling and other types of processes. Simply put, a community without access to water would fail. Being connected to high-speed broadband in the 21st century is as critical to the prosperity of rural com-munities as being connected to running water. I have seen it firsthand. While meeting with Michiganders in Barry County, we discussed recent economic development. Part of the county is see-ing new construction of homes, the cre-ation of new businesses, and an influx of young families. The other part of the county has seen much more limited growth. You can guess which part of the county is set up for broadband and which isn’t. My constituents from Barry County know that high-speed internet is the key to economic growth, educational opportunity, and access to limitless services, information, and ideas. Our rural communities and our Nation as a whole are now at a crossroads. We have the opportunity to level the playing field for all Americans by making the right investments, right now, in rural communities across our Nation. These towns are not connected to broadband by choice. They are not connected to broadband because it is simply too ex-pensive to deploy in these geographic areas. Local city councils in rural areas must struggle to fund broadband projects themselves or they struggle to convince providers that it makes eco-nomic sense to invest in their commu-nities, especially in places where popu-lations are small or spread out. While deployment can be expensive, high- speed broadband is not a luxury. It is critical infrastructure. High-speed broadband is critical infrastructure the same way that the pipes that carry our water and the wires that carry our electricity are critical infrastructure. The Federal Government has a role to play in infrastructure when it comes to the national deployment of life- changing, critical innovations. We have been here before. In the 20th cen-tury, the United States faced a parallel challenge with the deployment of elec-tricity. It took strategic Federal ac-tion to bring electricity to less popu-lated rural areas. These commonsense investments raised our overall stand-ard of living and spurred productivity in an agricultural sector that was at risk of falling behind urban-based in-dustries. If we can successfully electrify a na-tion, then we have no excuse for not connecting it to the internet in the modern era. Rural electricity was the break-through in the 20th century. Universal high-speed broadband will be the breakthrough of the 21st century, pro-vided we invest in it. Any serious na-tional infrastructure package needs real Federal investment in rural broadband. Unfortunately, the Trump adminis-tration’s infrastructure proposal ut-terly fails to recognize the urgency for robust connectivity nationwide, espe-cially for communities caught on the wrong side of the digital divide. The administration’s plan fails to provide any dedicated funding for rural broadband. Strategic Federal invest-ments are needed to fill in the gaps for States and local communities strug-gling to keep up with the internet de-mands of today, let alone getting ahead of the connectivity demands of tomor-row. This administration’s infrastruc-ture proposal would only create more gaps. Although the administration is ad-vertising their infrastructure proposal as a $1.7 trillion plan, $1.5 trillion of it would fall on the backs of cash- strapped State and local governments. If this is all they are proposing, this is simply a lost opportunity. If this is all they are proposing, this administration is setting up our communities for fail-ure. What are they actually proposing? They are proposing toll roads and hik-ing State and local taxes. They aren’t even being subtle about this. It is in black and white. The administration’s plan says: ‘‘Providing States flexibility to toll existing Interstates would gen-erate additional revenues.’’ Michiganders did not send me to the U.S. Senate because they want toll roads and higher local taxes. As a can-didate, President Trump promised real Federal investment in communities across our great Nation. Now this ad-ministration is offering up State and local taxes and tolls to pay for roads, bridges, waterways, and zero dedicated dollars—zero dedicated dollars—for broadband expansion. As I said earlier, any serious national infrastructure plan needs real Federal investment in rural broadband. Uni-versal broadband means rural pros-perity, continued economic growth, and international competitiveness. We must invest in this goal in order to reach it. I urge my colleagues to join me in making real investments in rural high- speed broadband a top priority in any infrastructure legislation. All of our friends, family members, and neighbors in rural communities across our great Nation are counting on us to deliver this. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
UBIO). The Senator from Maryland. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I want to share with my colleagues a concern I have about a group of people who are legally in this country and have a simi-lar problem as the DACA registrant Dreamers who we need to pay atten-tion to. I am strongly in support of passing legislation to protect DACA and Dreamers. I will talk a little bit about that also. There is a group of individuals who have been in this country for a long time—similar to the Dreamers—who know no other country but the United States of America. They are legally here. They also have a date on their back as a result of the Trump adminis-tration, in some cases, not renewing what is known as temporary protected status; in other cases, it has deferred that decision making on the extension of temporary protected status. In 1990, Congress passed legislation that authorized the creation of the TPS program. We recognized that there were times in which armed conflict or environmental disasters or other ex-traordinary circumstances would present itself where individuals would not be safe in their home country, and they would be permitted to legally come to the United States under this protected status. I would like to call it ‘‘humanitarian protected status’’ be-cause these conditions have continued in many of these countries for decades. Many of these people have been here for decades because the circumstances in their home country have not changed. Administration after admin-istration has renewed their protected status, and they have been permitted to live here legally, to be able to work and go to school. They serve in our military. They have served our Nation very, very well. The numbers are smaller than those of the Dreamers. The total number is approximately 437,000. The largest country by far is El Salvador, which is 195,000; Honduras, about 57,000; and Haiti, about 50,000. I think Members of Congress are fully aware of the circumstances in Central America and recognize the fact that, for many families, it was not safe for them to stay in their countries be-cause, if they had, their children would have either ended up in gangs or have been murdered and that the economic circumstances in these countries had not allowed for economic opportunities for their families. As a result, the United States welcomed them here in a protected status, and they have become part of our economy. For the State of Maryland, this num-ber is actually larger than the Dreamer category. We have 22,500 who are in the TPS status—97 percent from El Sal-vador, Honduras, and Haiti. It has been estimated that this group has contrib-uted $1.2 billion to Maryland’s GDP. They have been in our country for dec-ades. The young people particularly know no other country than the United States of America. It would not be safe for them to return to their countries. We have information about that, and I call it to my colleagues’ attention. The process in going forward on ex-tending the TPS status is that we first get the recommendation from our Em-bassy in the country itself. In this case, I had a chance to review the rec-ommendations from the Embassy, and it is clear that our experts on the ground in the country felt that these families should be able to remain in the United States. There are many rea-sons for that. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13FE6.021 S13FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES902 February 13, 2018 
One is the bilateral relationship with the country itself, in which the coun-try has asked us not to return these in-dividuals to the country because it cannot handle this population’s return-ing to the country. They don’t have jobs, and the infrastructure in the country will not handle that. I think we are all familiar with Haiti and how devastated it has been by storms. It lit-erally does not have the capacity to be able to handle the return of the Hai-tians. It would be an incredible burden on the country of Haiti, and there are no jobs available for these individuals. I think all are familiar with what happened with the returning of certain individuals to Central America. If we force deportation, make no mistake about it, the individuals who have been law-abiding here in the United States, who have been adding to our economy, who are part of our social fabric, and who believe that they are Americans will be returned to an environment in which they are going to be vulnerable to the intimidation of gangs, and they will be without employment. Many will have no choice but to choose to either join a gang or be subjected to the type of intimidation and violence that one’s standing up to the gang brings not only to oneself but to the members of one’s family. That is something that we should not be allowing. There are also economic reasons for which there have been recommenda-tions to continue this program. The challenge is that they now have dates on their backs because of the decision in some of these countries not to ex-tend the TPS status by the Trump ad-ministration. These are very similar circumstances to those of the Dreamers, but it doesn’t quite have the same amount of atten-tion around the Nation. These individ-uals are legally in this country. They came here legally, but they have been here for the same length of time, and they are part of our fabric, which is the same as the Dreamers. It is for that reason that the right result is to pro-tect their legal status here in the United States and to give them a path-way to citizenship so that they can be-come legal citizens of the country they know as home. S. 2144, the SECURE Act, was intro-duced by me, Senator V
ANHOLLEN , Senator F
EINSTEIN , and others in order to accomplish that. I hope that, during the debate that we are having here, we will find a way to incorporate protec-tion for these 437,000 people who are le-gally here so that they know their fu-tures are here and that they are pro-tected in the workforce. As I said, it is very similar to the Dreamer issue. We know that the Dreamer issue—the crisis, the March date that we are facing—was created by the President of the United States. The DACA Program was created by President Obama on June 15, 2012. Since that day, we have had about 800,000 people who have been registered under the DACA Program. They are now legally working, attending schools, and are able to operate motor vehicles. They are, clearly, our future teachers, our doctors, our engineers, and our entrepreneurs. They are very much a part of our economy. In Mary-land we have 10,000 who have registered under the DACA Program. They have contributed $500 million to Maryland’s GDP. For so many reasons, it would just be common sense for us—I would think without too much controversy—to pass a bill that would say to, I believe it is, a total of 1.8 million: We know that you know of no other home but Amer-ica. We welcome you. We are going to pass legislation that protects your sta-tus and gives you a pathway to citizen-ship. We do that because America doesn’t tear families apart. We don’t say to people who know no other home but America that we don’t want them to stay here. That is what we stand for as a nation. These are the values that make America the strong nation that it is. By the way, these individuals are contributing to the growth of our econ-omy, and all of us benefit. Over the last several months—over a longer period than that—I have been in the company of many of the Dreamers and many of the people holding TPS status. I have been at roundtable dis-cussions during which we have had op-portunities to listen to their stories about how they view America as their home. One said that the best birthday present she ever received was when President Obama passed the DACA Ex-ecutive order—when she knew that she had a future in America. Others have told us stories: Without the protection under the DACA Program, one never could have gotten a driver’s license and, therefore, never would have had an opportunity to advance in our econ-omy. Others have attended our col-leges. The interesting thing is that I have been in many meetings on college cam-puses in which, for the first time, stu-dents have recognized that their fellow student had been a Dreamer. They hadn’t known that. They had just known him as one of their classmates in school. I have been in businesses when, for the first time, employees had discovered that one of their colleagues happened to be a Dreamer. They hadn’t known that. They had just known him as a fellow employee. This is widely supported. It is impor-tant for our economy and important for our values to keep the families to-gether, and the American people sup-port us on this. Poll after poll shows that Americans believe that those Dreamers should be protected here in the United States. I include statements that I have re-ceived from Prince George’s, Anne Arundel, Howard, and Montgomery Counties and Baltimore City school su-perintendents. They wrote: Maryland is a national leader in providing students with a world-class education. Es-sential to our success is our commitment to providing children in our schools with a safe and welcoming environment to learn. Termi-nation of DACA will have direct and dam-aging effects on the Maryland students who are current beneficiaries. It is a direct threat to Maryland’s eco-nomic stability and safety, as it will strip students of their ability to work and drive legally, pay taxes, and pursue post-secondary opportunities. Parents who lose work au-thorizations will face deportation or be moved into a dangerous underground econ-omy, causing financial uncertainty for their families and harmful stress on their chil-dren—our students. In addition the DACA de-cision could impact our ability to motivate our youth to remain committed to their edu-cation and pursuing college or careers, and will lead to worsening economic hardships of our DACA community. 
I have seen many letters of support and many testimonies from both— those with TPS and the Dreamers—but I emphasize the one letter that I re-ceived from the Law Enforcement Im-migration Task Force, which is co-chaired by the Montgomery County po-lice chief, Tom Manger. What he said, I think, is very important. There are a lot of reasons we should be protecting TPS recipients and DACA recipients, but he wrote: 
We are concerned that, absent action by Congress, the Dreamer population will be driven back into the shadows and be hesitant to report crimes or cooperate with investiga-tions. Such an outcome would risk under-mining community safety. 
We are not safe by people going into the shadows. This is the United States of America. Why would we want people to try to hide from us? That is not the country we are. We do not create fear in the hearts of law-abiding citizens. These are law-abiding citizens. They have sisters and brothers who are U.S. citizens. They have other family mem-bers, some of whom are TPS recipients, some of whom are Dreamers, and some of whom are U.S. citizens. We don’t tell families that we are going to tear them apart. That is not what America be-lieves in. These are all individuals who have gone through security checks. These are people who have been law- abiding—complying with our laws— working, serving in our military, build-ing this country. I know that the first order of busi-ness is to make sure that the Dreamers are protected. I strongly support that and would vote for a bill on the floor right now, tonight, which has been in-troduced by some of our colleagues, that protects the Dreamers, in and of itself, with nothing else connected to it. We should do it, and it shouldn’t be controversial. I also urge us to make sure that we take care of those who are in TPS status. It is a smaller group, and it doesn’t have the same degree of national attention, but this is about the same values and the same eco-nomic concerns, the same families and the same issues. I hope we can find a way in which we can include both the Dreamers and TPS recipients in protecting their sta-tus here in America and giving them 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13FE6.022 S13FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S903 February 13, 2018 
pathways to citizenship because it is the right thing for them, the right thing for their families, the right thing for our Nation, and the right thing for our economy. I know that my colleague from Mary-land is on the floor. He has been one of the great leaders on this issue. I know he has met with many from the com-munity who are in both the Dreamer and the TPS status. I have joined him at meetings around Maryland in which we have talked to the families. Through the Presiding Officer, I per-sonally thank my colleague for all of the work he has done in order to bring this issue to the Senate. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. I thank the Pre-siding Officer. Mr. President, I start by thanking my colleague from the State of Mary-land, Senator C
ARDIN , for his leader-ship on many, many issues but, espe-cially, as we gather here on the Senate floor to discuss the Dreamers and im-migration issues, including the folks who are TPS recipients. I thank him for his leadership in Maryland and around the country on these vital issues. I think the country understands how important it is that we provide the Dreamers with a secure future. These are individuals who have grown up in our country. They know no other coun-try as home. They have been in class-rooms with our kids. They have pledged allegiance to the flag. They are now students in college or individuals working in businesses. Some of them are small business owners. Many serve in our Armed Forces. It would be dis-graceful if, after welcoming these young people, we were to cast them away. Unfortunately, last September, President Trump lit the fuse on the de-portation of the Dreamers, and that clock has been ticking every day and every month as we approach the March 5 deadline. So we as a Senate—as Re-publicans and Democrats but, more im-portantly, as Americans—need to come together and finally do our work so that we operate as a body that can help solve problems in this country. Part of that is making sure that these Dream-ers have a secure home and a pathway to becoming full citizens here in the United States of America. Just the other day I was talking to the president of the University of Maryland. We have a number of DACA recipients who are there training to be engineers, training to be doctors, and people who are looking forward to par-ticipating in the only country they know, the United States of America. I wish to turn now quickly to people who are here under what is called tem-porary protected status. These are in-dividuals who are in the United States and could not return home because of disasters in their home countries, whether by earthquakes or hurricanes or other events that made it impossible to return home because their homes had been destroyed or other cir-cumstances had changed that made it impossible for them to return. We, the United States of America, granted these individuals temporary protected status. These are individuals who are in the United States legally, and many of them have been here for over two decades. In the case of El Salvador, we have most people who are here from El Salvador on temporary protected sta-tus since the year 2000. They have fam-ilies here. They are small business men and women, and they are working pro-ductively in our communities. In the case of Honduras, it was even earlier, 1998. Senator CARDIN and I and others have introduced legislation called the SE-CURE Act, which would also provide security here in the United States for these individuals on TPS status. Unfor-tunately, a series of decisions coming down from the Trump administration has put the future of these individuals in jeopardy. The clock is also ticking on many of these people who have been here for more than 20 years toward deportation. These are individuals who are, again, working here legally and are contrib-uting to our communities. I believe that as Americans we should recognize that it is important that we provide a secure future for them as well. That is why we introduced the SECURE Act. So I am hopeful that as we debate a secure future for the Dreamers, we also find a way going forward to provide a secure future for those who are here under TPS. It seems to me that the answer is in plain sight. The answer is making sure that Dreamers have a secure future, providing a path to citizenship as long as they meet all of the requirements, and that we ensure we have border se-curity. I don’t think there is a Senator in this body who does not believe that the United States has to have strong and secure borders. The debate has al-ways been what is the smartest, most effective, most cost-efficient way to provide for border security. I hope nobody is interested in wast-ing taxpayer dollars on things that don’t work. It seems to me that we should be about the business of finding the most cost-effective way to ensuring that border security. As we do that, we should be listening to the experts as to what works and what does not work. Unfortunately, we have seen more focus in recent months on things that cost a lot of money but don’t really significantly improve our border secu-rity. I am hoping that we can come to-gether and have a rational conversa-tion about how we can secure our bor-ders in the most cost-effective way. This is a moment for the Senate to really stand up and do its job. I think if you look at those two issues—a path forward for the Dreamers with a path toward citizenship for those who meet all the requirements and that we find a way to do smart, cost-effective border security—then, that is clearly the way forward. I do hope that as we consider those two important priorities, we also come together and find a way forward for people who are here on temporary protected status, because in my con-versations with Republican Senators, they recognize that for these individ-uals—who are here legally, working in the country, and having been here for an average of 20 years—we should find a way to make sure they have a secure future here. We may want to look at ways to re-form TPS going forward, and we can have that discussion, but for those who are here now and have been living in the United States for decades and working, let’s find a way to provide a secure future for them as well. This is going to be a test for the Senate—hope-fully, in the coming days, but if not, in the coming weeks, and I hope we can get the job done. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the mo-tion to proceed to H.R. 2579 be agreed to; that Senator T
OOMEY or his des-ignee be recognized to offer amend-ment No. 1948 and that Senator C
OONS  or his designee be recognized to offer amendment No. 1955; further, that the time until 8 p.m. be equally divided be-tween the leaders or their designees and that following the use or yielding back of that time, the Senate vote on the amendments in the order listed, with 60 affirmative votes required for adoption, and that no second-degree amendments be in order prior to the votes; finally, that if any of the amend-ments are adopted, they become origi-nal text for the purpose of further amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The assistant Democratic leader. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, reserv-ing the right to object, there have been meetings going on all day on a bipar-tisan basis to try to resolve the issue before us, which was the President’s decision to end the DACA Program ef-fectively March 5 of this year. I believe progress is being made. I hope we can continue along those lines. The pro-posed amendment by the Senator from Pennsylvania does not address this issue, and for that reason, I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13FE6.023 S13FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES904 February 13, 2018 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to executive session for the en bloc consideration of the following nominations: Executive Calendar Nos. 155, 261, and 469. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomina-tions en bloc. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nominations of Adam J. Sul-livan, of Iowa, to be an Assistant Sec-retary of Transportation; Ronald L. Batory, of New Jersey, to be Adminis-trator of the Federal Railroad Admin-istration; and Raymond Martinez, of New Jersey, to be Administrator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Adminis-tration. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nominations en bloc. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate vote on the nominations en bloc with no intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the motions to con-sider be considered made and laid upon the table en bloc; that the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further motions be in order; and that any statements relat-ing to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Sullivan, Batory, and Martinez nominations en bloc? The nominations were confirmed en bloc. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate resume legislative session for a pe-riod of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO KELLY M CCUTCHEN ∑Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, today I am proud to honor in the R
ECORD a dedicated Georgian who has devoted his life’s work to our State. Mr. Kelly McCutchen has spent the last 25 years of his career guiding the direction of one of Georgia’s respected think tanks, the Georgia Public Policy Foundation. Most recently, Kelly served as CEO of the organization. Prior to taking the helm in 2010, he was the organization’s vice president, and he remains as a member of its board of trustees. At the Georgia Public Policy Foun-dation, Kelly helped create the Civic Renewal Project that highlights the work of outstanding community-based organizations, the No Excuses program to recognize and study high-achieving, high-poverty public schools, and the foundation’s award-winning statewide report cards on education, crime, and taxes. In January 2018, the foundation was named one of the best independent think tanks in the 2017 Global Go To Think Tank Index Report. During his tenure, the foundation was also named No. 1 for ‘‘highest integrity’’ and No. 3 for ‘‘most knowledgeable among busi-ness organizations or State associa-tions in Georgia’’ by James magazine in 2004. A proud third-generation high honors graduate of the Georgia Institute of Technology in Atlanta, Kelly has also served on the Georgia Tech Alumni As-sociation. He is a founder and served as governing board chair of Tech High, a math, science, and technology focused public charter school in Atlanta. At the Georgia Chamber of Com-merce, Kelly served on the education policy committee and the healthcare policy committee. He chaired the board of the Healthcare Institute for Neuro-Recov-ery and Innovation Foundation and has also served on the Georgia Science and Technology Executive Committee and on the public policy committee for Metro Atlanta United Way. In addi-tion, he is a policy adviser for the Technology Association of Georgia. His service to our State has also been seen on the boards of Leadership Geor-gia and the Conservative Policy Lead-ership Institute. Of particular significance to me as chairman of the Senate Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Kelly cofounded the Georgia Warrior Alliance, a nonprofit with the mission to make Georgia the national leader in programs supporting military veterans and their families. Kelly’s wife, Mary Kay Davis McCutchen, has been a dedicated com-panion and chief supporter of his work and civic engagement. Their son Kelly and daughter Caroline are college stu-dents who have wonderful role models to follow in their very special parents. Kelly McCutchen is a Georgian whom I am proud to know and to call a friend. I applaud his service and wish him the very best as he continues his service to our State in his new role as executive director of the High Impact Network of Responsible Innovators. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Ridgway, one of his secretaries. EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
At 6:10 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill: 
S. 96. An act to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to ensure the integrity of voice communications and to prevent unjust or unreasonable discrimination among areas of the United States in the delivery of such communications. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–4326. A communication from the Con-gressional Review Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard-izing Phytosanitary Treatment Regulations: Approval of Cold Treatment and Irradiation Facilities; Cold Treatment Schedules; Estab-lishment of Fumigation and Cold Treatment Compliance Agreements’’ (RIN0579–AD90) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 12, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. EC–4327. A communication from the Senior Official performing the duties of the Under Secretary of Defense (Research and Engi-neering), transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to activities under the Sec-retary of Defense Personnel Management Demonstration Project authorities for De-partment of Defense Science and Technology Reinvention Laboratories (STRLs) for cal-endar year 2017; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–4328. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Management and Budget, Exec-utive Office of the President, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the President’s fiscal year 2019 budget request; to the Committee on the Budget. EC–4329. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Interior, transmitting proposed legislation entitled ‘‘Reclamation Title Transfer Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–4330. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Final Authorization of State Haz-ardous Waste Management Program Revi-sion’’ (FRL No. 9974–25–Region 5) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 9, 2018; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–4331. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13FE6.025 S13FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S905 February 13, 2018 
Quality Implementation Plans; Arkansas; In-frastructure State Implementation Plan Re-quirements for the National Ambient Air Quality Standards’’ (FRL No. 9973–23–Region 6) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 9, 2018; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. EC–4332. A communication from the Sec-retary of Education, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Student Assistance General Provisions, Federal Per-kins Loan Program, Federal Family Edu-cation Loan Program, William D. Ford Fed-eral Direct Loan Program, and Teacher Edu-cation Assistance for College and Higher Education Grant Programs’’ (RIN1840–AD28) received in the Office of the President pro tempore of the Senate; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4333. A communication from the Acting Chief Financial Officer, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘U.S. Department of Homeland Security Annual Performance Re-port for Fiscal Years 2017–2019’’; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–4334. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Government Ethics, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the Office’s Strategic Plan for fiscal years 2018–2022, the Congres-sional Budget Justification and Annual Per-formance Plan for fiscal year 2019, and the Annual Performance Report for fiscal year 2017; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–4335. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislative Affairs, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting proposed legislation; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petitions and memo-rials were laid before the Senate and were referred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–167. A resolution adopted by the House of Representatives of the Common-wealth of Pennsylvania memorializing its support of the Department of Energy’s pro-posed Grid Resiliency Pricing Rule; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. H
OUSE RESOLUTION NO. 576 Whereas, Electric generation power plants in this Commonwealth that participate in the wholesale electric markets strengthen competition and enhance the resilience and reliability of the bulk power and trans-mission systems and are vital to the public interest; and Whereas, The nation’s and this Common-wealth’s economy, environment and security depend on a reliable, resilient electric grid powered by an ‘‘all of the above’’ mix of en-ergy generation resources, including tradi-tional baseload generation that is produced from long-term fuel sources located onsite; and Whereas, The North American Electric Re-liability Corporation, whose mission is to as-sure the reliability and security of North America’s bulk power system, in a May 2017 letter to United States Secretary of Energy Rick Perry warned that ‘‘premature retire-ments of fuel-secure baseload generating sta-tions reduces resilience to fuel supply dis-ruptions’’; and Whereas, The recent United States Depart-ment of Energy Staff Report to the Sec-retary on Electricity Markets and Reli-ability made clear that resiliency must be addressed by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) and there is an ‘‘urgent need for clear definitions of reliability- and resilience-enhancing attributes and should quickly establish the market means to value or the regulatory means to provide them’’; and Whereas, The 2014 polar vortex exposed problems with the resiliency of the electric grid when PJM Interconnection struggled to meet demand for electricity because a sig-nificant amount of generation was not avail-able to run due to weather-related outages; and Whereas, Pennsylvania’s fuel-secure base-load generation plants employ thousands of workers in high-paying jobs and contribute significantly to State and local economies; and Whereas, Pennsylvania’s coal industry, in-cluding coal power plants, is a vital contrib-utor to the State’s economy, providing sup-port through direct, indirect and induced im-pacts, including approximately 36,100 full and part-time jobs, and $4.1 billion in total value added to the Commonwealth’s econ-omy; and Whereas, Pennsylvania’s nuclear industry, including nuclear power plants, is a vital contributor to the State’s economy, pro-viding support through direct, indirect and induced impacts, including approximately 15,900 in-State full time jobs and $2 billion to the Commonwealth’s gross domestic product, and $69 million in net State tax revenues an-nually; and Whereas, In addition to the reliability, se-curity, grid resilience and economic at-tributes, Pennsylvania’s fuel-secure baseload coal plants have made significant invest-ments to meet increased environmental standards, helping to improve air and water quality in the Commonwealth; and Whereas, Pennsylvania is also home to unique fuel-secure coal generation sources that use waste coal as a fuel-source, employ-ing 3,800 Pennsylvania residents and pro-ducing 1,500 megawatts of renewable energy, also helping to remove approximately 200 million tons of refuse coal from mine scarred land in Pennsylvania; and Whereas, In addition to the reliability, se-curity, grid resilience and economic at-tributes, Pennsylvania’s fuel-secure baseload nuclear power plants also provide more than 93% of this Commonwealth’s emissions-free electricity and are the only emissions-free, predictable and reliable electric generation source; and Whereas, Pennsylvania’s diverse portfolio of fuel-secure baseload generation resources are vital to our Commonwealth’s economic competitiveness, natural environment and public health and safety; and Whereas, It is in the public interest that fuel-secure baseload generation resources be properly compensated for providing these positive attributes and under the current de-sign of the wholesale electric markets, prices are set-in a manner that undervalues fuel-se-cure generation resources; and Whereas, The Secretary of Energy has pro-posed, for consideration by FERC, a Grid Re-silience Pricing Rule with the goal of ensur-ing our nation’s energy security: Therefore, be it Resolved, That the House of Representa-tives of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania acknowledge the grid resilience and reli-ability benefits that fuel-secure baseload electricity generation resources provide to the residents, businesses and economy of this Commonwealth and assert that fuel-secure baseload generation resources receive proper compensation for these positive attributes; and be it further Resolved, That the House of Representa-tives of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania agree with the goals of the United States De-partment of Energy’s proposed Grid Resil-iency Pricing Rule and urge the Federal En-ergy Regulatory Commission to swiftly im-plement policies and approve tariff provi-sions to ensure fuel-secure baseload elec-tricity generation resources receive proper compensation for all of the positive at-tributes they provide our nation’s and this Commonwealth’s electric system; and be it further Resolved, That the House of Representa-tives of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, while expressing support for FERC’s swift action to ensure the positive attributes pro-vided by fuel-secure baseload generation re-sources receive proper compensation in the wholesale market, will continue to exercise the General Assembly’s authority to make energy policy consistent with the health, safety and welfare of our residents; and be it further Resolved, That copies of this resolution be transmitted to the President of the United States, United States Secretary of Energy Rick Perry, FERC Commissioners, the pre-siding officers of each house of Congress, each member of Congress from Pennsylvania and the Board of Managers of PJM Inter-connection. POM–168. A concurrent resolution adopted by the Legislative Assembly of the Common-wealth of Puerto Rico requesting the United States Congress and the United States De-partment of the Interior to take necessary actions to provide for the updating of the various topographic and hydrographic maps of Puerto Rico; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. S. C
ON. RES. 1 
STATEMENT OF MOTIVES  The United States Geological Survey (hereinafter, the USGS) is a scientific orga-nization that provides unbiased information on the health of our ecosystems and the en-vironment; the natural hazards that threat-en us; the natural resources, based on the impact of climate change and land use; and the core science systems that allow us to provide timely, relevant, and useful informa-tion. As the Nation’s largest water, earth, and biological science mapping agency, the USGS collects, monitors, analyzes, and pro-vides scientific knowledge on the condition of the natural resources and any problems and issues related thereto. The agency’s di-verse scientific knowledge enables it to con-duct large-scale multidisciplinary investiga-tion, and to provide unbiased scientific infor-mation to resource managers, planners, and other customers. Likewise, the USGS works in conjunction with other federal agencies as well as the private sector through official memoranda of understanding and memo-randa of agreement in order to fulfill the agency’s scientific mission. The services offered by the USGS are of ut-most importance for Puerto Rico. The maps drawn by this entity are used for multiple purposes, such as the identification of drain-age basins and the topography, land classi-fication, localization, and the location of water resources, properties, delimitation, etc. As a matter of fact, the USGS’s plans are part of the requirements of the permit proc-ess carried out by the government agencies of Puerto Rico. However, the aforementioned maps are not up to date and most of them date back to many decades. As expected, our Island and its topography have been altered in the last forty (40) or fifty (50) years; there-fore, it is necessary to amend and update said maps. The USGS keeps evolving and, in 2010, the agency made changes to its structure in order to focus on or pay special attention to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE6.005 S13FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES906 February 13, 2018 
natural hazards. For such reason, the impor-tance of the accuracy in the records or docu-ments that the agency provides must be rec-ognized. Regarding the USGS’s maps of our Island, it is essential that these maps are up-dated in order to avoid issues in future devel-opments and make an orderly land planning feasible. In view of these circumstances and through this Concurrent Resolution, this Legislative Assembly hereby requests the United States Congress and the pertinent federal agencies to provide for the updating of the various topographic and hydrographic maps of our Island. Be it resolved by the Legislative Assembly of Puerto Rico: Section 1.—To request the United States Congress and the United States Department of Interior to take the necessary administra-tive and legislative actions in order to pro-vide for the updating of the various topo-graphic and hydrographic maps of our Island. Section 2.—It is hereby provided that a certification on this Concurrent Resolution shall be issued immediately to be delivered to the United States Congress and the United States Department of the Interior. Section 3.—This Concurrent Resolution shall be translated into English to be deliv-ered as provided in Section 2. Section 4.—This Concurrent Resolution shall take effect immediately after its ap-proval. 
POM–169. A concurrent resolution adopted by the Legislative Assembly of the Common-wealth of Puerto Rico memorializing the As-sembly’s opposition to H.R. 4202, the ‘‘Parity in Animal Cruelty Enforcement Act’’, to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. S. C
ON. RES. 28 
STATEMENT OF MOTIVES  The sport of cockfighting began in Puerto Rico in the 17th century, when it was offi-cially established on April 5, 1770 by the de-cree of Spanish governor Don Miguel de Muesas. At that time, cockfighting was al-ready a pastime in most European countries. It was so popular that, during the reign of King Henry VIII, cockfights were held in the Palace of Whitehall, in the courtyards and interiors of churches, and even in the British Parliament. Likewise, cockfights were so popular in France that they adopted the gamecock as their national symbol. In the United States, some presidents were fans of the sport, among them, George Wash-ington, Thomas Jefferson, Andrew Jackson, and Abraham Lincoln who was known as ‘‘Honest Abe’’ due to being a good pit judge. In fact, for many years, it was acceptable and encouraged in the United States for a gentleman to raise game fowls and be an ex-pert at the sport. Over the years, cockfight bans began ap-pearing all across the Nation. In 1898, the sport was banned after Puerto Rico became a territory of the United States of America, but underground cockfights continued. How-ever, as a result of the fight put up by the third President of the Senate of Puerto Rico, the Honorable Rafael Martı´nez-Nadal, who was a fan of the sport and defended this Is-land tradition, then Governor of Puerto Rico, Robert Gore, repealed the ban and pro-mulgated legislation which recognized cock-fighting as a legitimate sport in the Island. As a result of the above mentioned, the rule of law has recognized that the sport of cockfighting has been part of our culture and traditions. According to Jose´S. Alegrı´a, ‘‘the sport of cockfighting was a leveler that made a gentleman out of all those who vis-ited the pits, regardless of their standing in society.’’ This sport is known as the ‘‘gentle-men’s sport,’’ because the people who follow the same keep their word during the com-petitions, without the need for a contract or a similar document for such purposes. Although this sport has millions of fans in dozens of countries around the world, Puerto Rico is still considered ‘‘the Mecca’’ of cock-fighting. The sport is so well established that, unlike many other sports on the Island, cockfighting does not require subsidies from the Government of Puerto Rico. Moreover, it is estimated to generate over twenty-seven thousand (27,000) direct and indirect jobs. Likewise, this sport greatly impacts Puerto Rico’s tourism because we receive visitors from Mexico, the Dominican Republic, and other countries who travel to the Island to partake in the sport of cockfighting. Since its beginnings in Puerto Rico, the sport of cockfighting has faced great chal-lenges and has overcome them. In 2007, the Federal Government passed the Animal Wel-fare Act[sic], Pub. Law 110–22 which classi-fied as a felony the transport, sale, and pur-chase of tools and paraphernalia relating to this activity, among other things. At that time, the territories and places where cock-fighting was legal were excluded from the application of the Act. However, HR 4202 was introduced on No-vember 1 of this year, jeopardizing the con-tinuity of this sport in Puerto Rico. On this occasion, the express intent of the bill is to extend the total ban against animal fighting set forth in the ‘‘Animal Welfare Act’’ to the United States territories. Moreover, it pro-hibits the purchase, sale, or transportation of accessories to be used in cockfights, and even imposes penalties of imprisonment. The congress members who introduced this meas-ure consider these types of fights animal cru-elty. It is worth noting that the sport of cock-fighting in Puerto Rico is well regulated. For instance, safety measures are taken to guar-antee that participating gamecocks wear the same spurs and are of the same age, weight, and bet. Furthermore, pit judges are empow-ered to stop the fight if they notice either excessive punishment or that a gamecock is not fit to continue fighting. Once the fight is over, both gamecocks are examined by spe-cialized staff and treated accordingly for their prompt recovery. Hence, it is evident that our industry has taken measures to en-sure the protection of gamecocks. The enactment of HR 4202 shall threaten a century-old practice that is deeply rooted in our culture, history, and traditions. More-over, said bill shall affect various compo-nents of our economy that provide services related to this sport, such as veterinarians, game fowl breeders, agricultural stores, and trophies and awards manufacturers, among others. For all of the foregoing, the Legisla-tive Assembly is compelled to firmly and un-equivocally reject the enactment of HR 4202, since it does not take into account the ad-verse effect that such bill shall have on Puerto Rico’s economy and culture. Be it Resolved by the Legislative Assembly of Puerto Rico: Section 1.—To express the firm and un-equivocal repudiation and opposition of the Legislative Assembly of Puerto Rico to HR 4202 of the United States House of Represent-atives that seeks to apply the ‘‘Animal Wel-fare Act’’ to United States territories and, consequently, prohibits cockfights in Puerto Rico. Section 2.—A certified copy of this Concur-rent Resolution translated into English shall be delivered to the members of the Senate and of the House of Representatives of the U.S. Congress and to the President of the United States of America. Section 3.—This Concurrent Resolution shall take effect upon its approval. POM–170. A resolution adopted by the House of Representatives of the State of Michigan urging the President of the United States, the United States Congress, and other agencies to continue efforts to prevent the introduction of new aquatic species into the Great Lakes from the Chicago area wa-terway system and to consider new research and technologies; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. HOUSE RESOLUTION NO. 21 Whereas, The Great Lakes and the people, industries, and communities that depend on them have suffered significant harm from the introduction of aquatic invasive species. Studies indicate that past invasions by sea lampreys, zebra mussels, and other aquatic species likely cost the Great Lakes region more than $100 million annually, with im-pacts on fishing, power generation, manufac-turing, municipal drinking water systems, tourism, and recreation; and Whereas, The introduction of new aquatic invasive species remains a real and immi-nent threat. Bighead and silver carp are less than 50 miles from Lake Michigan. If they were to invade the Great Lakes, they could displace native species, disrupt fisheries, and injure boaters, negatively impacting the $7 billion Great Lakes sport fishery and $5 bil-lion Great Lakes boating industry; and Whereas, There are ongoing efforts by the state of Michigan, the other Great Lakes states, and the federal government to pre-vent the introduction of bighead and silver carp and other new aquatic invasive species. Among other actions, the Michigan Depart-ment of Natural Resources employs active enforcement, outreach, education, and monitoi ing for bighead and silver carp while the Illinois Department of Natural Re-sources, the United States Army Corps of Engineers, the United States Fish and Wild-life Service, and other federal agencies work to prevent bighead and silver carp from reaching the Great Lakes; and Whereas, New research and technologies can enhance action already being taken to prevent and control aquatic invasive species. Ozone, carbon dioxide, hot water, sound, and microparticles have all shown promise in preventing an invasion and are being ac-tively studied. Restoring native fish popu-lations may also help support a healthy fish community and provide ecosystem resiliency to limit the spread of aquatic invasive spe-cies: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the House of Representatives, That we encourage the President and Con-gress of the United States, the Michigan De-partment of Natural Resources, the United States Army Corps of Engineers, the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, and other agencies to continue efforts to prevent the introduction of new aquatic species, specifi-cally bighead, silver, and black carp, into the Great Lakes from the Chicago Area Water-way System; and be it further Resolved, That we encourage the open con-sideration of new research and the develop-ment of new technologies that may provide innovative and effective methods to prevent and control aquatic invasive species; and be it further Resolved, That copies of this resolution be transmitted to the President of the United States, President of the United States Sen-ate, Speaker of the House of Representa-tives, members of the Michigan congres-sional delegation, Director of the Michigan Department of Natural Resources, the com-manders of the United States Army Corps of Engineers Great Lakes and Ohio River Divi-sion and Mississippi Valley Division, the Di-rector of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, and the other members of the Asian Carp Regional Coordinating Committee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE6.015 S13FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S907 February 13, 2018 
POM–171. A resolution adopted by the Board of Supervisors of Jackson County, Mississippi, supporting continued and in-creased exploration and production of the Gulf of Mexico, and urging the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management to finalize a 2019– 2024 National Outer Continental Shelf Pro-gram that maintains and expands access to Gulf of Mexico energy resources; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON FEBRUARY 12, 2018 The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, without amendment and with a preamble: S. Res. 92. A resolution expressing concern over the disappearance of David Sneddon, and for other purposes. By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, without amendment: H.R. 535. A bill to encourage visits between the United States and Taiwan at all levels, and for other purposes. By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: H.R. 1625. A bill to amend the State De-partment Basic Authorities Act of 1956 to in-clude severe forms of trafficking in persons within the definition of transnational orga-nized crime for purposes of the rewards pro-gram of the Department of State, and for other purposes. S. 2060. A bill to promote democracy and human rights in Burma, and for other pur-poses. By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, with amendments: S. 2286. A bill to amend the Peace Corps Act to provide greater protection and serv-ices for Peace Corps volunteers, and for other purposes. f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEE The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. INHOFE for Mr. M CCAINfor the Committee on Armed Services. *Lisa Gordon-Hagerty, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary for Nuclear Security, De-partment of Energy. *Kevin Fahey, of Massachusetts, to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense. *Paul C. Ney, Jr., of Tennessee, to be Gen-eral Counsel of the Department of Defense. *Thomas E. Ayres, of Pennsylvania, to be General Counsel of the Department of the Air Force. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. MERKLEY (for himself, Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. S AND-
ERS, Mr. W YDEN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. B OOKER , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. U
DALL , Ms. B ALDWIN , Ms. DUCKWORTH , Ms. S MITH, Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , Ms. H ARRIS , Mr. H EINRICH , and Mr. D
URBIN ): S. 2417. A bill to amend the Truth in Lend-ing Act to address certain issues relating to the extension of consumer credit, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Ms. HASSAN (for herself and Mrs. C
APITO ): S. 2418. A bill to direct the Federal Com-munications Commission to promulgate reg-ulations that establish a national standard for determining whether mobile and broadband services available in rural areas are reasonably comparable to those services provided in urban areas; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. G
ARDNER ): S. 2419. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to improve the technical and business assistance services under the SBIR and STTR programs; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship. By Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mrs. E
RNST , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. I
NHOFE , and Mr. B LUNT ): S. 2420. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide a child tax cred-it for pregnant moms; to the Committee on Finance. By Mrs. FISCHER (for herself, Mr. D
ONNELLY , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. R OBERTS , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. C
OONS , Mr. C ARPER , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. W AR-
NER, Mrs. E RNST , Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. M
ORAN , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. W ICKER , Ms. S
MITH, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. C ASEY , and Mr. B
ENNET ): S. 2421. A bill to amend the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 to provide an exemption from certain notice requirements and pen-alties for releases of hazardous substances from animal waste at farms; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. By Ms. WARREN (for herself and Mr. M
ARKEY ): S. 2422. A bill to require a study on the health impacts of air traffic noise and pollu-tion; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. SCHATZ (for himself, Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. C OONS , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Ms. H IRONO , Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. B OOKER , Ms. H ARRIS , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , and Mr. M ARKEY ): S. 2423. A bill to reinstate Federal Pell Grant eligibility for individuals incarcerated in Federal and State penal institutions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions . By Mr. HATCH: S. 2424. A bill to require the Secretary of Agriculture to convey certain Federal land to facilitate scientific research supporting Federal space and defense programs; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself, Mr. C
ORKER , Mr. C ARDIN , and Mr. J ONES ): S. Res. 404. A resolution recognizing the coordinated struggle of workers on the 50th anniversary of the 1968 Memphis sanitation workers strike to voice their grievances and reach a collective agreement for rights in the workplace; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and Mr. BOOZMAN ): S. Res. 405. A resolution designating the third week of March 2018 as ‘‘National CACFP Week’’; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 503 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 503, a bill to require the Sec-retary of Agriculture to make publicly available certain regulatory records re-lating to the administration of the Animal Welfare Act and the Horse Pro-tection Act, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for the use of an alternative depreciation sys-tem for taxpayers violating rules under the Animal Welfare Act and the Horse Protection Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 523 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 523, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to establish a stewardship fee on the production and importation of opioid pain relievers, and for other purposes. 
S. 538 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 538, a bill to clarify research and development for wood products, and for other purposes. 
S. 569 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 569, a bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to provide consistent and reliable authority for, and for the fund-ing of, the Land and Water Conserva-tion Fund to maximize the effective-ness of the Fund for future genera-tions, and for other purposes. 
S. 851 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , the name of the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 851, a bill to end offshore corporate tax avoidance, and for other purposes. 
S. 943 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 943, a bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior to conduct an accurate comprehensive student count for the purposes of calculating formula allocations for programs under the Johnson-O’Malley Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 1050 
At the request of Ms. D UCKWORTH , the names of the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE6.009 S13FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES908 February 13, 2018 
Senator from Montana (Mr. T ESTER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1050, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the Chinese- American Veterans of World War II, in recognition of their dedicated service during World War II. 
S. 1537 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1537, a bill to amend the Neotropical Migratory Bird Conserva-tion Act to reauthorize the Act. 
S. 1692 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1692, a bill to authorize the Na-tional Emergency Medical Services Me-morial Foundation to establish a com-memorative work in the District of Co-lumbia and its environs, and for other purposes. 
S. 1895 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1895, a bill to reauthorize the Native American Housing Assist-ance and Self-Determination Act of 1996, and for other purposes. 
S. 1980 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1980, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide credits for the production of renewable chemicals and investments in renewable chemical production facilities, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1989 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1989, a bill to enhance transparency and accountability for online political advertisements by re-quiring those who purchase and publish such ads to disclose information about the advertisements to the public, and for other purposes. 
S. 2101 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2101, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the crew of the USS Indianapolis, in recognition of their perseverance, brav-ery, and service to the United States. 
S. 2278 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2278, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide grants to improve health care in rural areas. 
S. 2341 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2341, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the processing of veterans benefits by the Department of Veterans Affairs, to limit the authority of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to recover overpay-ments made by the Department and other amounts owed by veterans to the United States, to improve the due proc-ess accorded veterans with respect to such recovery, and for other purposes. S. 2343 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2343, a bill to require the Federal Communications Commission to establish a task force for meeting the connectivity and technology needs of precision agriculture in the United States. 
S. 2353 
At the request of Mr. C OTTON , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2353, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to report on the esti-mated total assets under direct or indi-rect control by certain senior Iranian leaders and other figures, and for other purposes. 
S. 2354 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2354, a bill to provide for the administration of certain national monuments, to establish a National Monument Enhancement Fund, and to establish certain wilderness areas in the States of New Mexico and Nevada. 
S. 2381 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2381, a bill to amend title 23, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Transportation to require that broadband conduits be installed as a part of certain highway construction projects, and for other purposes. 
S. 2398 
At the request of Mr. H OEVEN , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2398, a bill to amend title 31, United States Code, to provide that activities relating to the training and readiness of the reserve components of the Armed Forces during a lapse in ap-propriations shall constitute voluntary services that may be accepted by the United States. 
S. 2406 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2406, a bill to advance cutting- edge research initiatives of the Na-tional Institutes of Health. 
S. 2413 
At the request of Mrs. M CCASKILL , the name of the Senator from Wis-consin (Mr. J
OHNSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2413, a bill to provide for the appropriate use of bridge con-tracts in Federal procurement, and for other purposes. S. RES. 401 
At the request of Mr. D AINES , the names of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) and the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 401, a resolution designating May 5, 2018 as the ‘‘National Day of Awareness for Missing and Murdered Native Women and Girls’’. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mrs. E
RNST , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. L
ANKFORD , Mr. I NHOFE , and Mr. B
LUNT ): S. 2420. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide a child tax credit for pregnant moms; to the Committee on Finance. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 2420 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Child Tax Credit for Pregnant Moms Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. CHILD TAX CREDIT ALLOWED WITH RE-SPECT TO UNBORN CHILDREN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (c) of section 24 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) C
REDIT ALLOWED WITH RESPECT TO UN -
BORN CHILDREN .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualifying child’ includes an unborn child for any tax-able year if such child is born and issued a social security number before the due date for the return of tax (without regard to ex-tensions) for the taxable year. For purposes of the preceding sentence, the term ‘social security number’ means a social security number issued to an individual by the Social Security Administration, but only if the so-cial security number is issued to a citizen of the United States or is issued pursuant to subclause (I) (or that portion of subclause (III) that relates to subclause (I)) of section 205(c)(2)(B)(i) of the Social Security Act. ‘‘(B) D
OUBLE CREDIT IN CASE OF CHILDREN  
UNABLE TO CLAIM CREDIT .—In the case of any child who is not taken into account under subparagraph (A) for the taxable year imme-diately preceding the taxable year in which the child is born, the amount of the credit determined under this section with respect to such child for the taxable year of the child’s birth shall be increased by 100 per-cent. ‘‘(C) U
NBORN CHILD .—For purposes of this paragraph— ‘‘(i) U
NBORN CHILD .—The term ‘unborn child’ means a child in utero. ‘‘(ii) C
HILD IN UTERO .—The term ‘child in utero’ means a member of the species homo sapiens, at any stage of development, who is carried in the womb.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE6.013 S13FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S909 February 13, 2018 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 404—RECOG-NIZING THE COORDINATED STRUGGLE OF WORKERS ON THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE 1968 MEMPHIS SANITATION WORKERS STRIKE TO VOICE THEIR GRIEV-ANCES AND REACH A COLLEC-TIVE AGREEMENT FOR RIGHTS IN THE WORKPLACE Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself, Mr. C
ORKER , Mr. C ARDIN , and Mr. J ONES ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions.: 
S. R ES. 404 Whereas, in 1968, 1,300 African-American sanitation workers in Memphis, Tennessee, fought for collective bargaining rights and equality in the workplace; Whereas, in the struggle for rights of work-ers, the American Federation of State, Coun-ty and Municipal Employees (referred to in this preamble as ‘‘AFSCME’’) integrated the labor movement and the civil rights move-ment in a demand for basic human rights and respect for all men and women; Whereas Black employees doing most of the low-wage work in Memphis had almost no health care, pensions, or vacation, worked in deplorable conditions, and were shown dis-respect by White supervisors; Whereas 40 percent of the workers qualified for welfare in order to supplement their low salaries and were denied the opportunity to improve their working conditions by Mem-phis Mayor Henry Loeb and the City Council; Whereas, on January 31, 1968, 22 Black sewer workers who reported for work were sent home when it began raining, losing pay for that day, while White workers were not sent home and received full pay for that day; Whereas, the following day, February 1, 1968, sanitation workers Echol Cole and Rob-ert Walker sought refuge from a downpour in the hamper of a garbage truck amid putre-fying garbage and were crushed to death when the compactor malfunctioned; Whereas, on February 12, 1968, Memphis sanitation and public employees went on strike after attempting last-minute negotia-tions with Mayor Loeb and the city on the terms of their employment, demanding that the city recognize the union and provide a pay increase to $2.35 an hour from an average of $1.70, as well as overtime pay, and pro-motions based on merit irrespective of race; Whereas, in response to the demands of the workers, Mayor Loeb, on February 13, 1968, threatened to hire replacements unless workers returned to work; Whereas, on February 18, 1968, the Presi-dent of AFSCME, Jerry Wurf, arrived in Memphis and negotiations began in the base-ment of St. Mary’s Episcopal Church with Rabbi James A. Wax of Temple Israel rep-resenting the Memphis Ministerial Associa-tion, mediating between the city and strik-ing workers, assisted by Local 1733 President T.O. Jones and AFSCME Director of Legisla-tive and Community Affairs William Lucy; Whereas, after an all-night vigil outside City Hall on February 19 through 20, 1968, the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and union workers called for a boycott of downtown businesses; Whereas, on February 23, 1968, 1,500 strik-ers and supporters organized a march to the Memphis City Hall, where, 11 days after the initial strike, the City Council refused to recognize the union; Whereas, in the following days, 500 White labor union members joined members of the clergy and sanitation workers in a march downtown, 116 strikers and supporters were arrested during a peaceful demonstration, and hundreds of high school students joined in another march led or supported by mem-bers of the clergy, including Rabbi Wax, the Reverend Frank McRae of St. John’s United Methodist Church, Father Nicholas Vieron of Annunciation Greek Orthodox Church, and Dean William Dimmick of St. Mary’s Epis-copal Church; Whereas, on March 4, 1968, a proposal by State Senator Frank White to create a State mediation board to resolve the stalemate was rejected by Mayor Loeb; Whereas, on March 5, 1968, the Memphis Ministerial Association announced that Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., would be trav-eling to Memphis on behalf of striking work-ers; Whereas, on March 7, 1968, the City Council voted to reject union dues checkoff for sani-tation workers; Whereas, throughout March 1968, national civil rights leaders, including Roy Wilkins, Bayard Rustin, Ralph Abernathy, James Bevel, Andrew Young, and Jesse Jackson, among others, came to Memphis to rally the strikers; Whereas, on March 28, 1968, Rev. Dr. Mar-tin Luther King, Jr., and the Reverend James Lawson of Centenary Methodist Church led a march from the gathering spot for sanitation workers at Clayborn Temple and on to Beale Street, which was marred by window-breaking and disintegrated into a riot as police responded with tear gas and gunfire; Whereas, also on March 28, 1968, 16-year-old Larry Payne was shot to death by a Memphis police officer, police arrested 280 mostly Black demonstrators, and the State legisla-ture authorized a 7:00 p.m. curfew that was enforced by 4,000 members of the National Guard moving into Memphis; Whereas in response to the death of Larry Payne, Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., called the mother of Larry Payne, Lizzie, of-fering consolation, and vowed to visit Lizzie on the return of Dr. King to Memphis; Whereas, also on March 28, 1968, and in re-sponse to the promise of Rev. Dr. Martin Lu-ther King, Jr., to return to Memphis to lead a march based on the principles of non-violence, the city obtained a temporary re-straining order in Federal court forbidding such a march; Whereas in response to the temporary re-straining order, AFSCME General Counsel Mel Wulf asked the firm of Burch, Porter and Johnson and attorneys Lucius E. Burch, Jr., David Caywood, Charles Newman, and W.J. Michael Cody to work on lifting the order to allow the march to proceed; Whereas Louis Lucas and Walter Bailey of the Ratner and Sugarmon firm were deeply involved in representing Rev. Dr. Martin Lu-ther King, Jr., and striking workers for the duration of the labor dispute; Whereas, on April 3, 1968, Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., addressed a rally of 10,000 Black workers and residents, members of the clergy, White liberals, and union members at Mason Temple, the Memphis headquarters of the Church of God in Christ, for what would be the last speech of Dr. King, forever known for the lines ‘‘I have been to the mountain top’’ and ‘‘I may not get there with you but I want you to know tonight that we as a peo-ple will get to the promised land’’, linking the civil rights and labor movements and foreshadowing his fate; Whereas, on April 4, 1968, a daylong hear-ing on the injunction by the city resulted in an order from United States District Court Judge Bailey Brown in the late afternoon al-lowing the march, with some restrictions, to go forward on April 5, 1968; Whereas, on April 4, 1968, the day after his rallying cry for compromise, Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., was assassinated by a snip-er on the balcony outside of his Lorraine Motel room in Memphis; Whereas, on April 4, 1968, Memphis and cit-ies across the United States erupted in vio-lent protests and rioting; Whereas, on April 5, 1968, Rabbi James A. Wax led a march from St. Mary’s Episcopal Church to City Hall and confronted Mayor Henry Loeb with the people of the United States watching on all 3 networks, telling Mayor Loeb ‘‘There are laws far greater than the laws of Memphis and Tennessee, and these are the laws of God’’; Whereas, on April 8, 1968, an estimated 42,000 people, led by the wife of Rev. Dr. Mar-tin Luther King, Jr., Coretta Scott King, and her children, peacefully marched in memory of Dr. King and in support of the requests of the union; Whereas, on April 16, 1968, AFSCME an-nounced that a 14-month contract had been agreed to and accepted, and included union dues check off, a grievance procedure, and wage increases of 10 cents per hour in May and another 5 cents per hour in September, ending the 3-month strike; Whereas, on April 29, 2011, the 1,300 sanita-tion worker strikers were inducted into the Labor Hall of Honor in the Department of Labor; and Whereas, today, the integration of the civil rights and labor movements remains a work in progress and requires our continued vigi-lance: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes the 50th anniversary of the coordinated struggle of workers during the 1968 Memphis sanitation workers strike to voice their grievances and reach a collective agreement for rights in the workplace; (2) honors the perseverance of the 1,300 members of Local 1733 in urging social and economic equality in the workplace; (3) honors the memory and inspiring con-tribution of Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., in the ultimate resolution of the labor dispute; (4) recognizes the contributions of all those named and unnamed who participated in the fight for justice during the strike; and (5) recognizes there is work to be done to improve both racial and labor relations. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 405—DESIG-NATING THE THIRD WEEK OF MARCH 2018 AS ‘‘NATIONAL CACFP WEEK’’ Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and Mr. B
OOZMAN ) submitted the following res-olution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 405 Whereas the third week of March is annu-ally recognized as ‘‘National CACFP Week’’ to raise awareness of the Child and Adult Care Food Program (commonly referred to as the ‘‘CACFP’’) of the Department of Agri-culture; Whereas the Department of Agriculture re-affirms the vital role positive nutritional habits play in the healthy growth of children in the United States; Whereas the Department of Agriculture also reaffirms the importance of nutritional education for the most vulnerable and youngest children, as well as adults, through centers and homes throughout the United States; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE6.018 S13FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES910 February 13, 2018 
Whereas the American Academy of Pediat-rics supported and informed the meal pat-tern revisions issued by the Department of Agriculture, which highlighted the continual importance of updated and accurate nutri-tional information for children; Whereas, in 2016, the CACFP provided daily meals and snacks to 4,400,000 children and adults in child care centers, adult day care homes, and after-school programs, providing almost 2,100,000,000 meals and snacks in total; Whereas the CACFP not only provides nu-tritional meals and education but also in-creases the quality of child care in general, especially for children in low-income areas; Whereas the innovative approach to over-sight of the CACFP, which pairs child care centers, adult day care homes, and after- school sites with either a non-profit spon-soring organization or a State agency, high-lights a unique public-private partnership that supports working families and small businesses; Whereas, although child care can be expen-sive in many locations throughout the United States, the CACFP increases the ef-fectiveness and viability of child care cen-ters and adult day care homes for many pro-viders, especially in rural areas; and Whereas an increasing number of studies demonstrate that access to the CACFP can measurably and positively impact the cog-nitive, social, emotional, and physical health and development of children, leading to more favorable outcomes such as— (1) a decreased likelihood of being hospital-ized; (2) an increased likelihood of healthy weight gain; and (3) an increased likelihood of a more varied diet: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates the week beginning on March 11, 2018, as ‘‘National CACFP Week’’; and (2) recognizes the role of the Child Adult Care Food Program (commonly referred to as the ‘‘CACFP’’) in improving the health of the country’s most vulnerable children and adults in child care centers, adult day care homes, and after-school care by providing nutritious meals and snacks. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 1943. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation coverage; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1944. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 1945. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 1946. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 1947. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 1948. Mr. TOOMEY (for himself, Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. I NHOFE , and Mr. B ARRASSO ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1949. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1950. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1951. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1952. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1953. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 1954. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 1955. Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. MCCAIN) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1956. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 1943. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. TERMINATION OF DIVERSITY IMMI-GRANT VISA PROGRAM. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 203 of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1153) is amended by striking subsection (c). (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—Title II of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1151 et seq.) is amend-ed— (1) in section 201— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (1), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a period; and (iii) by striking paragraph (3); and (B) by striking subsection (e); (2) in section 203— (A) by striking subsection (c); (B) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘sub-section (a), (b), or (c)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-section (a) or (b)’’; (C) in subsection (e)— (i) by striking paragraph (2); and (ii) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (2); (D) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘sub-section (a), (b), or (c) of this section’’ and in-serting ‘‘subsection (a) or (b)’’; (E) in subsection (g), by striking ‘‘sub-sections (a), (b), and (c)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-sections (a) and (b)’’; and (F) in subsection (h)(2)(B), by striking ‘‘subsection (a), (b), or (c)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a) or (b)’’; and (3) in section 204— (A) in subsection (a)(1), by striking sub-paragraph (I); (B) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘sub-section (a), (b), or (c)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-section (a) or (b)’’; and (C) in subsection (l)(2)(B), by striking ‘‘sec-tion 203 (a) or (d)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a) or (d) of section 203’’. (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the amendments made by sub-sections (a) and (b) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) S
ELECTEES .—Notwithstanding para-graph (1), any alien who registered for the Diversity Immigrant Visa Program and re-ceived notification before the date of the en-actment of this Act that he or she has been selected to apply for a diversity immigrant visa under section 203(c) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1153(c)) may submit an application for such visa under the applicable provisions of law in effect on the day before such date of enactment. 
SA 1944. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. STATUS VERIFICATION FOR REMIT-TANCE TRANSFERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 919 of the Elec-tronic Fund Transfer Act (relating to remit-tance transfers) (15 U.S.C. 1693o–1) is amend-ed— (1) by redesignating subsection (g) as sub-section (h); and (2) by inserting after subsection (f) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(g) S
TATUS VERIFICATION OF SENDER .— ‘‘(1) R
EQUEST FOR PROOF OF STATUS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each remittance trans-fer provider shall request from each sender of a remittance transfer, the recipient of which is located in any country other than the United States, proof of the status of that sender under the immigration laws, prior to the initiation of the remittance transfer. ‘‘(B) A
CCEPTABLE DOCUMENTATION .—Accept- able documentation of the status of the send-er under this paragraph— ‘‘(i) shall be, in any State that requires proof of legal residence— ‘‘(I) a State-issued driver’s license or Fed-eral passport; or ‘‘(II) the same documentation as required by the State for proof of identity for the issuance of a driver’s license, or as required for a passport; ‘‘(ii) shall be, in any State that does not require proof of legal residence, such docu-mentation as the Bureau shall require, by rule; and ‘‘(iii) does not include any matricula con-sular card. ‘‘(2) F
INE FOR NONCOMPLIANCE .—Each re- mittance transfer provider shall impose on any sender who is unable to provide the proof of status requested under paragraph (1) at the time of transfer, a fine equal to 7 per-cent of the United States dollar amount to be transferred (excluding any fees or other charges imposed by the remittance transfer provider). ‘‘(3) S
UBMISSION OF FINES TO BUREAU .—All fines imposed and collected by a remittance transfer provider under paragraph (2) shall be submitted to the Bureau, in such form and in such manner as the Bureau shall es-tablish, by rule. ‘‘(4) A
DMINISTRATIVE AND ENFORCEMENT  
COSTS .—The Bureau shall use fines submitted under paragraph (3) to pay the administra-tive and enforcement costs to the Bureau in carrying out this subsection. ‘‘(5) U
SE OF FINES FOR BORDER PROTEC -
TION.—Amounts from the collection of fines under this subsection that remain available 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE6.017 S13FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S911 February 13, 2018 
after the payment of expenses described in paragraph (4), shall be transferred by the Bu-reau to the Treasury, to be used to pay ex-penses relating to United States Customs and Border Protection for border security fencing, infrastructure, and technology. ‘‘(6) D
EFINITION RELATING TO IMMIGRATION  
STATUS .—In this subsection, the term ‘immi-gration laws’ has the same meaning as in section 101(a) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)).’’. (b) S
TUDY AND REPORT REGARDING REMIT-
TANCE TRANSFER PROCESSING FINES AND  I
DENTIFICATION PROGRAM .— (1) S
TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study to deter-mine the effects of the enactment of section 919(g) of the Electronic Fund Transfer Act, as amended by this section. (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General shall submit to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs and the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives a report on the results of the study conducted under para-graph (1) that includes— (A) an analysis of the costs and benefits of complying with section 919(g) of the Elec-tronic Fund Transfer Act, as amended by this section; and (B) recommendations about whether the fines imposed under that section 919(g) should be extended or increased. 
SA 1945. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. ASCERTAINING CITIZENSHIP AND IM-MIGRATION STATUS IN DECENNIAL CENSUS OF POPULATION. 
Section 141 of title 13, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (g) as sub-section (h); and (2) by inserting after subsection (f) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(g) Notwithstanding section 5 of this title, the Secretary shall include in each questionnaire used for the conduct of a de-cennial census of population under sub-section (a) a question to ascertain United States citizenship and immigration status.’’. 
SA 1946. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. RESTRICTION OF COPS FUNDING FOR SANCTUARY CITIES. 
None of the amounts appropriated in any Act for the Community Oriented Policing Services Program may be used in contraven-tion of section 642(a) of the Illegal Immigra-tion Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1373(a)). 
SA 1947. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. CRIMINAL PENALTIES FOR ALIENS FOR FAILURE TO DEPART AT THE EXPIRATION OF THEIR VISAS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 8 of title II of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1321 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 274D the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 274E. CRIMINAL PENALTIES FOR FAILURE TO DEPART. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Any alien who— ‘‘(1) is required to depart from the United States as a result of the expiration of the alien’s visa; and ‘‘(2) fails to depart from the United States, shall be fined under title 18, United States Code, imprisoned for not more one year, or both. ‘‘(b) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this sec-tion shall be construed to diminish or qual-ify any penalties to which an alien may be subject for activities proscribed by section 243(a) of any other provision of this Act.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Immigration and Nation-ality Act is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 274D the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 274E. Criminal penalties for failure to depart.’’. 
SA 1948. Mr. TOOMEY (for himself, Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. I NHOFE , and Mr. B AR-
RASSO ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the pre-mium tax credit with respect to unsub-sidized COBRA continuation coverage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. STOP DANGEROUS SANCTUARY CITIES ACT. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Stop Dangerous Sanctuary Cit-ies Act’’. (b) E
NSURING THAT LOCAL AND FEDERAL  L
AWENFORCEMENT OFFICERS MAYCOOPERATE  
TOSAFEGUARD OURCOMMUNITIES .— (1) A
UTHORITY TO COOPERATE WITH FEDERAL  
OFFICIALS .—A State, a political subdivision of a State, or an officer, employee, or agent of such State or political subdivision that complies with a detainer issued by the De-partment of Homeland Security under sec-tion 236 or 287 of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1226 and 1357)— (A) shall be deemed to be acting as an agent of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity; and (B) with regard to actions taken to comply with the detainer, shall have all authority available to officers and employees of the Department of Homeland Security. (2) L
EGAL PROCEEDINGS .—In any legal pro-ceeding brought against a State, a political subdivision of a State, or an officer, em-ployee, or agent of such State or political subdivision, which challenges the legality of the seizure or detention of an individual pur-suant to a detainer issued by the Depart-ment of Homeland Security under section 236 or 287 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1226 and 1357)— (A) no liability shall lie against the State or political subdivision of a State for actions taken in compliance with the detainer; and (B) if the actions of the officer, employee, or agent of the State or political subdivision were taken in compliance with the de-tainer— (i) the officer, employee, or agent shall be deemed— (I) to be an employee of the Federal Gov-ernment and an investigative or law enforce-ment officer; and (II) to have been acting within the scope of his or her employment under section 1346(b) and chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code; (ii) section 1346(b) of title 28, United States Code, shall provide the exclusive remedy for the plaintiff; and (iii) the United States shall be substituted as defendant in the proceeding. (3) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection may be construed to provide im-munity to any person who knowingly vio-lates the civil or constitutional rights of an individual. (c) S
ANCTUARY JURISDICTION DEFINED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided under paragraph (2), for purposes of this section the term ‘‘sanctuary jurisdiction’’ means any State or political subdivision of a State that has in effect a statute, ordinance, policy, or practice that prohibits or restricts any gov-ernment entity or official from— (A) sending, receiving, maintaining, or ex-changing with any Federal, State, or local government entity information regarding the citizenship or immigration status (lawful or unlawful) of any individual; or (B) complying with a request lawfully made by the Department of Homeland Secu-rity under section 236 or 287 of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1226 and 1357) to comply with a detainer for, or notify about the release of, an individual. (2) E
XCEPTION .—A State or political sub-division of a State shall not be deemed a sanctuary jurisdiction based solely on its having a policy whereby its officials will not share information regarding, or comply with a request made by the Department of Home-land Security under section 236 or 287 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1226 and 1357) to comply with a detainer re-garding, an individual who comes forward as a victim or a witness to a criminal offense. (d) S
ANCTUARY JURISDICTIONS INELIGIBLE  
FORCERTAIN FEDERAL FUNDS .— (1) E
CONOMIC DEVELOPMENT ADMINISTRATION  
GRANTS .— (A) G
RANTS FOR PUBLIC WORKS AND ECO -
NOMIC DEVELOPMENT .—Section 201(b) of the Public Works and Economic Development Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3141(b)) is amended— (i) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in paragraph (3)(B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) the area in which the project is to be carried out is not a sanctuary jurisdiction (as defined in subsection (c) of the Stop Dan-gerous Sanctuary Cities Act).’’. (B) G
RANTS FOR PLANNING AND ADMINISTRA -
TION.—Section 203(a) of the Public Works and Economic Development Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3143(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘A sanctuary jurisdiction (as de-fined in subsection (c) of the Stop Dangerous Sanctuary Cities Act) may not be deemed an eligible recipient under this subsection.’’. (C) S
UPPLEMENTARY GRANTS .—Section 205(a) of the Public Works and Economic De-velopment Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3145(a)) is amended— (i) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in paragraph (3)(B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE6.021 S13FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES912 February 13, 2018 
‘‘(4) will be carried out in an area that does not contain a sanctuary jurisdiction (as de-fined in subsection (c) of the Stop Dangerous Sanctuary Cities Act).’’. (D) G
RANTS FOR TRAINING , RESEARCH , AND 
TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—Section 207 of the Public Works and Economic Development Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3147) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(c) I
NELIGIBILITY OF SANCTUARY JURISDIC -
TIONS .—Grants funds under this section may not be used to provide assistance to a sanc-tuary jurisdiction (as defined in subsection (c) of the Stop Dangerous Sanctuary Cities Act).’’. (2) C
OMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT BLOCK  
GRANTS .—Title I of the Housing and Commu-nity Development Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.) is amended— (A) in section 102(a) (42 U.S.C. 5302(a)), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(25) The term ‘sanctuary jurisdiction’ has the meaning provided in subsection (c) of the Stop Dangerous Sanctuary Cities Act.’’. (B) in section 104 (42 U.S.C. 5304)— (i) in subsection (b)— (I) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (II) by redesignating paragraph (6) as para-graph (7); and (III) by inserting after paragraph (5) the following: ‘‘(6) the grantee is not a sanctuary juris-diction and will not become a sanctuary ju-risdiction during the period for which the grantee receives a grant under this title; and’’. (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(n) P
ROTECTION OF INDIVIDUALS AGAINST  C
RIME.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—No funds authorized to be appropriated to carry out this title may be obligated or expended for any State or unit of general local government that is a sanctuary jurisdiction. ‘‘(2) R
ETURNED AMOUNTS .— ‘‘(A) S
TATE .—If a State is a sanctuary ju-risdiction during the period for which it re-ceives amounts under this title, the Sec-retary— ‘‘(i) shall direct the State to immediately return to the Secretary any such amounts that the State received for that period; and ‘‘(ii) shall reallocate amounts returned under clause (i) for grants under this title to other States that are not sanctuary jurisdic-tions. ‘‘(B) U
NIT OF GENERAL LOCAL GOVERN -
MENT .—If a unit of general local government is a sanctuary jurisdiction during the period for which it receives amounts under this title, any such amounts that the unit of gen-eral local government received for that pe-riod— ‘‘(i) in the case of a unit of general local government that is not in a nonentitlement area, shall be returned to the Secretary for grants under this title to States and other units of general local government that are not sanctuary jurisdictions; and ‘‘(ii) in the case of a unit of general local government that is in a nonentitlement area, shall be returned to the Governor of the State for grants under this title to other units of general local government in the State that are not sanctuary jurisdictions. ‘‘(C) R
EALLOCATION RULES .—In reallocating amounts under subparagraphs (A) and (B), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) apply the relevant allocation formula under subsection (b), with all sanctuary ju-risdictions excluded; and ‘‘(ii) shall not be subject to the rules for re-allocation under subsection (c).’’. (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—This subsection and the amendments made by this subsection shall take effect on October 1, 2018. SA 1949. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: Subtitle ll—Extensions of Detention of Certain Aliens Ordered Removed 
SEC. lll1. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Keep Our Communities Safe Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. lll 
2. SENSE OF CONGRESS .— It is the sense of Congress that— (1) Constitutional rights should be upheld and protected; (2) Congress intends to uphold the Con-stitutional principle of due process; and (3) due process of the law is a right af-forded to everyone in the United States. 
SEC. lll3. DETENTION OF DANGEROUS ALIENS DURING REMOVAL PROCEEDINGS. 
Section 236 of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1226) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ each place such term appears (except in the sec-ond place it appears in subsection (a)) and in-serting ‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity or’’ before ‘‘the Attorney General—’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘condi-tional parole;’’ and inserting ‘‘recog-nizance;’’; (3) in subsection (b)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘P
AROLE ’’ and inserting ‘‘R ECOGNIZANCE ’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘parole’’ and inserting ‘‘re-cognizance’’; (4) in subsection (c)(1), by striking the un-designated matter following subparagraph (D) and inserting the following: ‘‘any time after the alien is released, with-out regard to whether an alien is released re-lated to any activity, offense, or conviction described in this paragraph; to whether the alien is released on parole, supervised re-lease, or probation; or to whether the alien may be arrested or imprisoned again for the same offense. If the activity described in this paragraph does not result in the alien being taken into custody by any person other than the Secretary, then when the alien is brought to the attention of the Secretary or when the Secretary determines it is prac-tical to take such alien into custody, the Secretary shall take such alien into cus-tody.’’; (5) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘Attorney General’s’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security’s’’; and (6) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) L
ENGTH OF DETENTION .— ‘‘(1) Notwithstanding any other provision of this section, an alien may be detained under this section for any period, without limitation, except as provided in subsection (h), until the alien is subject to a final order of removal. ‘‘(2) The length of detention under this sec-tion shall not affect a detention under sec-tion 241. ‘‘(g) A
DMINISTRATIVE REVIEW .— ‘‘(1) L
IMITATION .—The Attorney General’s review of the Secretary’s custody determina-tions under subsection (a) shall be limited to whether the alien may be detained, released on bond (of at least $1,500 with security ap-proved by the Secretary), or released with no bond. Any review involving an alien de-scribed in paragraph (2)(D) shall be limited to a determination of whether the alien is properly included in such category. ‘‘(2) CLASSES OF ALIENS .—The Attorney General shall review the Secretary’s custody determinations for the following classes of aliens: ‘‘(A) Aliens in exclusion proceedings. ‘‘(B) Aliens described in sections 212(a)(3) and 237(a)(4). ‘‘(C) Aliens described in subsection (c). ‘‘(D) Aliens in deportation proceedings sub-ject to section 242(a)(2) (as in effect between April 24, 1996, and April 1, 1997). ‘‘(h) R
ELEASE ON BOND.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—An alien detained under subsection (a) may seek release on bond. No bond may be granted except to an alien who establishes by clear and convincing evidence that the alien is not a flight risk or a risk to another person or the community. ‘‘(2) C
ERTAIN ALIENS INELIGIBLE .—No alien detained under subsection (c) may seek re-lease on bond.’’. 
SEC. lll4. ALIENS ORDERED REMOVED. 
Section 241(a) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1231(a)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ each place it appears, except for the first place it appears in paragraph (4)(B)(i), and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security’’; (2) in paragraph (1)— (A) by amending subparagraphs (B) and (C) to read as follows: ‘‘(B) B
EGINNING OF PERIOD .—The removal period begins on the latest of— ‘‘(i) the date on which the order of removal becomes administratively final; ‘‘(ii) the date on which the alien is taken into such custody if the alien is not in the custody of the Secretary on the date on which the order of removal becomes adminis-tratively final; and ‘‘(iii) the date on which the alien is taken into the custody of the Secretary after the alien is released from detention or confine-ment if the alien is detained or confined (ex-cept for an immigration process) on the date on which the order of removal becomes ad-ministratively final. ‘‘(C) S
USPENSION OF PERIOD .— ‘‘(i) E
XTENSION .—The removal period shall be extended beyond a period of 90 days and the Secretary may, in the Secretary’s sole discretion, keep the alien in detention dur-ing such extended period, if— ‘‘(I) the alien fails or refuses to make all reasonable efforts to comply with the re-moval order, or to fully cooperate with the Secretary’s efforts to establish the alien’s identity and carry out the removal order, in-cluding making timely application in good faith for travel or other documents nec-essary to the alien’s departure or conspires or acts to prevent the alien’s removal that is subject to an order of removal; ‘‘(II) a court, the Board of Immigration Ap-peals, or an immigration judge orders a stay of removal of an alien who is subject to an administratively final order of removal; ‘‘(III) the Secretary transfers custody of the alien pursuant to law to another Federal agency or a State or local government agen-cy in connection with the official duties of such agency; or ‘‘(IV) a court or the Board of Immigration Appeals orders a remand to an immigration judge or the Board of Immigration Appeals, during the time period when the case is pending a decision on remand (with the re-moval period beginning anew on the date that the alien is ordered removed on re-mand). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE6.021 S13FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S913 February 13, 2018 
‘‘(ii) R ENEWAL .—If the removal period has been extended under clause (i), a new re-moval period shall be deemed to have begun on the date on which— ‘‘(I) the alien makes all reasonable efforts to comply with the removal order, or to fully cooperate with the Secretary’s efforts to es-tablish the alien’s identity and carry out the removal order; ‘‘(II) the stay of removal is no longer in ef-fect; or ‘‘(III) the alien is returned to the custody of the Secretary. ‘‘(iii) M
ANDATORY DETENTION FOR CERTAIN  
ALIENS .—The Secretary shall keep an alien described in subparagraphs (A) through (D) of section 236(c)(1) in detention during the extended period described in clause (i). ‘‘(iv) S
OLE FORM OF RELIEF .—An alien may only seek relief from detention under this subparagraph by filing an application for a writ of habeas corpus in accordance with chapter 153 of title 28, United States Code. No alien whose period of detention is ex-tended under this subparagraph shall have the right to seek release on bond.’’; (3) in paragraph (3)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘or is not detained pursu-ant to paragraph (6)’’ after ‘‘the removal pe-riod’’; and (B) by amending subparagraph (D) to read as follows: ‘‘(D) to obey reasonable restrictions on the alien’s conduct or activities that the Sec-retary prescribes for the alien— ‘‘(i) to prevent the alien from absconding; ‘‘(ii) for the protection of the community; or ‘‘(iii) for other purposes related to the en-forcement of Federal immigration laws.’’; (4) in paragraph (4)(A), by striking ‘‘para-graph (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (B)’’; and (5) by amending paragraph (6) to read as follows: ‘‘(6) A
DDITIONAL RULES FOR DETENTION OR  
RELEASE OF CERTAIN ALIENS .— ‘‘(A) D
ETENTION REVIEW PROCESS FOR COOP -
ERATIVE ALIENS ESTABLISHED .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish an administrative review process to determine whether an alien who is not other-wise subject to mandatory detention, who has made all reasonable efforts to comply with a removal order and to cooperate fully with the Secretary of Homeland Security’s efforts to establish the alien’s identity and carry out the removal order, including mak-ing timely application in good faith for trav-el or other documents necessary to the alien’s departure, and who has not conspired or acted to prevent removal should be de-tained or released on conditions. ‘‘(ii) D
ETERMINATION .—The Secretary shall make a determination whether to release an alien after the removal period in accordance with subparagraph (B), which— ‘‘(I) shall include consideration of any evi-dence submitted by the alien; and ‘‘(II) may include consideration of any other evidence, including— ‘‘(aa) any information or assistance pro-vided by the Secretary of State or other Fed-eral official; and ‘‘(bb) any other information available to the Secretary of Homeland Security per-taining to the ability to remove the alien. ‘‘(B) A
UTHORITY TO DETAIN BEYOND RE -
MOVAL PERIOD .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security may continue to detain an alien for 90 days beyond the removal period (including any extension of the removal pe-riod under paragraph (1)(C)). An alien whose detention is extended under this subpara-graph shall not have the right to seek re-lease on bond. ‘‘(ii) SPECIFIC CIRCUMSTANCES .—The Sec- retary of Homeland Security may continue to detain an alien beyond the 90 days author-ized under clause (i)— ‘‘(I) until the alien is removed, if the Sec-retary determines that there is a significant likelihood that the alien— ‘‘(aa) will be removed in the reasonably foreseeable future; ‘‘(bb) would be removed in the reasonably foreseeable future; or ‘‘(cc) would have been removed if the alien had not— ‘‘(AA) failed or refused to make all rea-sonable efforts to comply with the removal order; ‘‘(BB) failed or refused to cooperate fully with the Secretary’s efforts to establish the alien’s identity and carry out the removal order, including making timely application in good faith for travel or other documents necessary to the alien’s departure; or ‘‘(CC) conspired or acted to prevent re-moval; ‘‘(II) until the alien is removed, if the Sec-retary of Homeland Security certifies in writing— ‘‘(aa) in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, that the alien has a highly contagious disease that poses a threat to public safety; ‘‘(bb) after receipt of a written rec-ommendation from the Secretary of State, that release of the alien is likely to have se-rious adverse foreign policy consequences for the United States; ‘‘(cc) based on information available to the Secretary of Homeland Security (including classified, sensitive, or national security in-formation, and without regard to the grounds upon which the alien was ordered re-moved), that there is reason to believe that the release of the alien would threaten the national security of the United States; or ‘‘(dd) that the release of the alien will threaten the safety of the community or any person, conditions of release cannot reason-ably be expected to ensure the safety of the community or of any person; and ‘‘(AA) the alien has been convicted of 1 or more aggravated felonies (as defined in section 101(a)(43)(A)) or of 1 or more crimes identified by the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity by regulation, or of 1 or more at-tempts or conspiracies to commit any such aggravated felonies or such identified crimes, if the aggregate term of imprison-ment for such attempts or conspiracies is at least 5 years; or ‘‘(BB) the alien has committed 1 or more crimes of violence (as defined in section 16 of title 18, United States Code, but not includ-ing a purely political offense) and, because of a mental condition or personality disorder and behavior associated with that condition or disorder, the alien is likely to engage in acts of violence in the future; or ‘‘(III) pending a certification under sub-clause (II), if the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity has initiated the administrative re-view process not later than 30 days after the expiration of the removal period (including any extension of the removal period under paragraph (1)(C)). ‘‘(iii) N
O RIGHT TO BOND HEARING .—An alien whose detention is extended under this sub-paragraph shall not have a right to seek re-lease on bond, including by reason of a cer-tification under clause (ii)(II). ‘‘(C) R
ENEWAL AND DELEGATION OF CERTIFI -
CATION .— ‘‘(i) R
ENEWAL .—The Secretary of Homeland Security may renew a certification under subparagraph (B)(ii)(II) every 6 months after providing an opportunity for the alien to re-quest reconsideration of the certification and to submit documents or other evidence in support of that request. If the Secretary does not renew a certification, the Secretary may not continue to detain the alien under subparagraph (B)(ii)(II). ‘‘(ii) DELEGATION .—Notwithstanding sec-tion 103, the Secretary of Homeland Security may not delegate the authority to make or renew a certification described in item (bb), (cc), or (dd) of subparagraph (B)(ii)(II) below the level of the Assistant Secretary for Im-migration and Customs Enforcement. ‘‘(iii) H
EARING .—The Secretary of Home-land Security may request that the Attorney General or the Attorney General’s designee provide for a hearing to make the determina-tion described in subparagraph (B)(ii)(II)(dd)(BB). ‘‘(D) R
ELEASE ON CONDITIONS .—If it is deter-mined that an alien should be released from detention by a Federal court, the Board of Immigration Appeals, or if an immigration judge orders a stay of removal, the Secretary of Homeland Security may impose condi-tions on release as provided under paragraph (3). ‘‘(E) R
EDETENTION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security, without any limitations other than those specified in this section, may de-tain any alien subject to a final removal order who is released from custody if— ‘‘(I) removal becomes likely in the reason-ably foreseeable future; ‘‘(II) the alien fails to comply with the con-ditions of release or to continue to satisfy the conditions described in subparagraph (A); or ‘‘(III) upon reconsideration, the Secretary determines that the alien can be detained under subparagraph (B). ‘‘(ii) A
PPLICABILITY .—This section shall apply to any alien returned to custody pur-suant to this subparagraph as if the removal period terminated on the day of the redeten-tion. ‘‘(F) R
EVIEW OF DETERMINATIONS BY SEC -
RETARY .—A determination by the Secretary under this paragraph shall not be subject to review by any other agency.’’. 
SEC. lll5. SEVERABILITY. 
If any of the provisions of this subtitle, any amendment made by this subtitle, or the application of any such provision to any per-son or circumstance, is held to be invalid for any reason, the remainder of this subtitle, the amendments made by this subtitle, and the application of the provisions and amend-ments made by this subtitle to any other person or circumstance shall not be affected by such holding. 
SEC. lll6. EFFECTIVE DATES. 
(a) A PPREHENSION AND DETENTION OF  A
LIENS .—The amendments made by section lll3 shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. Section 236 of the Im-migration and Nationality Act, as amended by section lll3, shall apply to any alien in detention under the provisions of such sec-tion on or after such date of enactment. (b) A
LIENS ORDERED REMOVED .—The amendments made by section lll4 shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. Section 241 of the Immigration and Nationality Act, as amended by section lll4, shall apply to— (1) all aliens subject to a final administra-tive removal, deportation, or exclusion order that was issued before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act; and (2) acts and conditions occurring or exist-ing before, on, or after such date of enact-ment. 
SA 1950. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE6.022 S13FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES914 February 13, 2018 
unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. ENGLISH LANGUAGE UNITY. 
(a) E NGLISH AS THE OFFICIAL LANGUAGE OF  
THEUNITED STATES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Title 4, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 6—OFFICIAL LANGUAGE 
‘‘SEC. 161. OFFICIAL LANGUAGE OF THE UNITED STATES. 
‘‘The official language of the United States is English. 
‘‘SEC. 162. PRESERVING AND ENHANCING THE ROLE OF THE OFFICIAL LANGUAGE. 
‘‘Representatives of the Federal Govern-ment shall have an affirmative obligation to preserve and enhance the role of English as the official language of the Federal Govern-ment. Such obligation shall include encour-aging greater opportunities for individuals to learn the English language. 
‘‘SEC. 163. OFFICIAL FUNCTIONS OF GOVERN-MENT TO BE CONDUCTED IN ENGLISH. 
‘‘(a) S COPE.—For the purposes of this sec-tion— ‘‘(1) the term ‘official’ refers to any func-tion that— ‘‘(A) binds the Government; ‘‘(B) is required by law; or ‘‘(C) is otherwise subject to scrutiny by ei-ther the press or the public; and ‘‘(2) the term ‘United States’ means the several States and the District of Columbia. ‘‘(b) O
FFICIAL FUNCTIONS .—The official functions of the Government of the United States shall be conducted in English. ‘‘(c) P
RACTICAL EFFECT .—This section— ‘‘(1) shall apply to all laws, public pro-ceedings, regulations, publications, orders, actions, programs, and policies; and ‘‘(2) shall not apply to— ‘‘(A) teaching of languages; ‘‘(B) requirements under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.); ‘‘(C) actions, documents, or policies nec-essary for national security, international relations, trade, tourism, or commerce; ‘‘(D) actions or documents that protect the public health and safety; ‘‘(E) actions or documents that facilitate the activities of the Bureau of the Census in compiling any census of population; ‘‘(F) actions that protect the rights of vic-tims of crimes or criminal defendants; or ‘‘(G) using terms of art or phrases from languages other than English. 
‘‘SEC. 164. UNIFORM ENGLISH LANGUAGE RULE FOR NATURALIZATION. 
‘‘(a) U NIFORM LANGUAGE TESTING STAND -
ARD.—All citizens of the United States should be able to read and understand gen-erally the English language text of the Dec-laration of Independence, the Constitution of the United States, and the laws of the United States made in pursuance of the Constitu-tion of the United States. ‘‘(b) C
EREMONIES .—All naturalization cere-monies shall be conducted in English. 
‘‘SEC. 165. RULES OF CONSTRUCTION. 
‘‘Nothing in this chapter shall be con-strued— ‘‘(1) to prohibit a Member of Congress or any officer or agent of the Federal Govern-ment, while performing official functions under section 163, from communicating unof-ficially through any medium with another person in a language other than English (as long as official functions are performed in English); ‘‘(2) to limit the preservation or use of Na-tive Alaskan or Native American languages (as defined in the Native American Lan-guages Act (25 U.S.C. 2901 et seq.)); ‘‘(3) to disparage any language or to dis-courage any person from learning or using a language; or ‘‘(4) to be inconsistent with the Constitu-tion of the United States. ‘‘SEC. 166. STANDING. 
‘‘A person injured by a violation of this chapter may in a civil action (including an action under chapter 151 of title 28) obtain appropriate relief.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of chapters at the beginning of title 4, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to chapter 5 the following: ‘‘C
HAPTER 6. OFFICIAL LANGUAGE ’’. (b) G
ENERAL RULES OF CONSTRUCTION FOR  E
NGLISH LANGUAGE TEXTS OF THE LAWS OF  
THEUNITED STATES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 1 of title 1, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 9. General rules of construction for laws of the united states ‘‘(a) English language requirements and workplace policies, whether in the public or private sector, shall be presumptively con-sistent with the laws of the United States. ‘‘(b) Any ambiguity in the English lan-guage text of the laws of the United States shall be resolved, in accordance with the last two articles of the Bill of Rights, not to deny or disparage rights retained by the people, and to reserve powers to the States respec-tively, or to the people.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 1 of title 1, United States Code, is amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 8 the following: ‘‘9. General rules of construction for laws of the United States.’’. (c) I
MPLEMENTING REGULATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity shall issue for public notice and com-ment a proposed rule for uniform testing English language ability of candidates for naturalization, which shall be based upon the principles that— (1) all citizens of the United States should be able to read and understand generally the English language text of the Declaration of Independence, the Constitution of the United States, and the laws of the United States which are made in pursuance thereof; and (2) any exceptions to the standard de-scribed in paragraph (1) should be limited to extraordinary circumstances, such as asy-lum. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsections (a) and (b) shall take ef-fect on the date that is 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SA 1951. Mr. PAUL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. ELECTRONIC FILING AND APPEALS SYSTEM FOR H-2A PETITIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall es-tablish a process for filing petitions for non-immigrant visas under section 101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(a)) that ensures that— (1) petitioners may file such petitions through the website of United States Citi-zenship and Immigration Services; (2) any software developed to process such petitions indicates to the petitioner any technical deficiency in the application before submission; and (3) any petitioner may file such petition in a paper format if such petitioner prefers such format. (b) REQUEST FOR EVIDENCE .—Section 218(h) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1188(h)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) If U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services issues a Request for Evidence to an employer— ‘‘(A) the employer may request such Re-quest for Evidence to be delivered in an on-line format; and ‘‘(B) if the employer makes the request de-scribed in subparagraph (A)— ‘‘(i) the Request for Evidence shall be pro-vided to the employer in an online format; and ‘‘(ii) not later than 10 business days after the employer submits the requested evidence online, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services shall provide an online response to the employer— ‘‘(I) indicating that the submitted evidence is sufficient; or ‘‘(II) explaining the reasons that such evi-dence is not sufficient and providing the em-ployer with an opportunity to address any such deficiency.’’. 
SEC. lll. H–2A PROGRAM UPDATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(a)) is amended by in-serting ‘‘, labor as a year-round equine work-er, labor as a year-round livestock worker (including as a dairy or poultry worker)’’ be-fore ‘‘, and the pressing of apples’’. (b) J
OINT APPLICATION ; DEFICIENCY REM-
EDY.—Section 214(c)(1) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1184(c)(1)) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(A)’’ after ‘‘(1)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) Multiple employers may submit a joint petition under subparagraph (A) to im-port aliens as nonimmigrants described in section 101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(a). Upon the approval of such petition, each joint employer shall be subject to the provisions under section 218 with respect to each alien listed in such peti-tion. If any individual party to such a joint contract violates any condition for approval with respect to the application or provisions under section 218 with respect to each alien listed in such petition, after notice and op-portunity for a hearing, the contract may be modified to remove the party in violation from the contract at no penalty to the re-maining parties. ‘‘(C) If a petition to import aliens as non-immigrants described in section 101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(a) is denied or if the issuance of visas requested through such petition is delayed due to a problem with the petition, the Director of U.S. Citizenship and Immi-gration Services shall promptly notify the petitioner of the reasons for such denial or delay and provide the petitioner with reason-able time to remedy the problem. ‘‘(D) The period of authorized admission for a nonimmigrant described in section 101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(a) under this paragraph may not exceed the shorter of— ‘‘(i) the period for which a petitioner under this paragraph has contracted to employ the nonimmigrant; or ‘‘(ii) three years.’’. (c) L
ABOR CERTIFICATION ; STAGGERED EM-
PLOYMENT DATES .—Section 218(h) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE6.024 S13FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S915 February 13, 2018 
1188(h)), as amended by section llll(b), is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) An employer that is seeking to rehire aliens as H–2A workers who previously worked for the employer as H–2A workers may submit a simplified petition, to be de-veloped by the Director of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, in consultation with the Secretary of Labor, which shall in-clude a certification that the employer maintains compliance with all applicable re-quirements with respect to the employment of such aliens. Such petitions shall be ap-proved upon completion of applicable secu-rity screenings. ‘‘(5) An employer that is seeking to hire aliens as H–2A workers during different time periods in a given fiscal year may submit a single petition to U.S. Citizenship and Immi-gration Services that details the time period during which each such alien is expected to be employed. ‘‘(6) Upon receiving notification from an employer that the employer’s H-2A worker has prematurely abandoned employment or has failed to appear for employment and such employer wishes to replace such work-er— ‘‘(A) the Secretary of State shall promptly issue a visa under section 101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(a) to an eligible alien designated by the em-ployer to replace that worker; and ‘‘(B) the Secretary of Homeland Security shall promptly admit such alien into the United States upon completion of applicable security screenings.’’. (d) S
ATISFACTION OF HOUSING REQUIRE -
MENTS BY VOUCHER .—Section 218(c)(4) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1188(c)(4)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding the first pro-viso— (A) by inserting ‘‘or a voucher for housing’’ after ‘‘furnish housing’’; (B) by striking ‘‘or to secure’’ and insert-ing ‘‘, to secure’’; (C) by inserting ‘‘, or to provide a voucher to be used by workers in securing such hous-ing’’ before the semicolon; (2) in the fourth proviso, by inserting ‘‘or a voucher for family housing’’ after ‘‘family housing’’ the second place it appears; and (3) in the fifth proviso— (A) by inserting ‘‘or housing vouchers’’ after ‘‘secure housing’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘or housing voucher’’ after ‘‘whether the housing’’. 
SA 1952. Mr. PAUL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. ALLOCATION OF EMPLOYMENT-BASED VISAS. 
(a) W ORLDWIDE LEVEL .—Section 201(d)(1)(A) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1151(d)(1)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘140,000’’ and inserting ‘‘270,000’’. (b) P
REFERENCE ALLOCATIONS FOR EMPLOY -
MENT -BASED IMMIGRANTS .—Section 203(b) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1153(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘28.6 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘29.63 percent’’; (2) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘28.6 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘29.63 percent’’; (3) in paragraph (3)(A), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘28.6 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘29.63 percent’’; (4) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘7.1 per-cent’’ and inserting ‘‘3.7 percent’’; and (5) in paragraph (5)(A), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘7.1 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘7.41 percent’’. (c) TREATMENT OF FAMILY MEMBERS .—Sec- tion 203(d) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1153(d)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Visas issued to a spouse or child of an immigrant described in subsection (b) shall not be counted against the worldwide level of such visas set forth in section 201(d)(1) or the per country level set forth in section 202(a)(2).’’. 
SA 1953. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. IMMIGRATION ENFORCEMENT JOBS FOR VETERANS. 
(a) E XPEDITED HIRING OF APPROPRIATE SEP-
ARATING SERVICE MEMBERS .—Section 3 of the Border Jobs for Veterans Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–68) is amended by inserting ‘‘or an Immigration and Customs Enforcement agent’’ after ‘‘Customs and Border Protec-tion officer’’. (b) E
NHANCEMENTS TO EXISTING PROGRAMS  
TORECRUIT SERVICE MEMBERS SEPARATING  F
ROM MILITARY SERVICE FOR IMMIGRATION  
AND CUSTOMS ENFORCEMENT AGENT VACAN -
CIES.—Section 4 of the Border Jobs for Vet-erans Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–68) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘or Im-migration and Customs Enforcement agents’’ before the period at the end; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by inserting ‘‘and Immigration and Customs Enforcement agent’’ after ‘‘Cus-toms and Border Protection officer’’ each place it appears; (B) by inserting ‘‘and Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents’’ after ‘‘Cus-toms and Border Protection officers’’ each place it appears; (C) by inserting ‘‘and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials’’ after ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection offi-cials’’ each place it appears; and (D) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement field offices’’ after ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection field offices’’. (c) R
EPORTS TO CONGRESS .—Section 5 of the Border Jobs for Veterans Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–68) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘or Im-migration and Customs Enforcement agents’’ after ‘‘Customs and Border Protection offi-cers’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by inserting ‘‘Immi-gration and Customs Enforcement agent va-cancies’’ after ‘‘Customs and Border Protec-tion officer vacancies’’ each place it appears. 
SA 1954. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: SEC. ll. CRIMINAL ALIEN GANG MEMBER RE-MOVAL. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Criminal Alien Gang Member Removal Act’’. (b) G
ROUNDS OF INADMISSIBILITY AND DE-
PORTABILITY FOR ALIEN GANGMEMBERS .— (1) D
EFINITION OF GANG MEMBER .—Section 101(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(53) The term ‘criminal gang’ means an ongoing group, club, organization, or asso-ciation of 2 or more persons that has, as 1 of its primary purposes, the commission of 1 or more of the criminal offenses listed in sub-paragraphs (A) through (F), whether in viola-tion of Federal, State, or foreign law and re-gardless of whether the offenses occurred be-fore, on, or after the date of the enactment of this paragraph, and the members of which engage, or have engaged within the past 5 years, in a continuing series of such offenses, or that has been designated as a criminal gang by the Secretary of Homeland Security, in consultation with the Attorney General, as meeting such criteria. ‘‘(A) A ‘felony drug offense’ (as defined in section 102 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 802)). ‘‘(B) An offense under section 274 (relating to bringing in and harboring certain aliens), section 277 (relating to aiding or assisting certain aliens to enter the United States), or section 278 (relating to importation of alien for immoral purpose). ‘‘(C) A crime of violence (as defined in sec-tion 16 of title 18, United States Code). ‘‘(D) A crime involving obstruction of jus-tice, tampering with or retaliating against a witness, victim, or informant, or burglary. ‘‘(E) Any conduct punishable under sec-tions 1028 and 1029 of title 18, United States Code (relating to fraud and related activity in connection with identification documents or access devices), sections 1581 through 1594 of such title (relating to peonage, slavery, and trafficking in persons), section 1951 of such title (relating to interference with com-merce by threats or violence), section 1952 of such title (relating to interstate and foreign travel or transportation in aid of racket-eering enterprises), section 1956 of such title (relating to the laundering of monetary in-struments), section 1957 of such title (relat-ing to engaging in monetary transactions in property derived from specified unlawful ac-tivity), or sections 2312 through 2315 of such title (relating to interstate transportation of stolen motor vehicles or stolen property). ‘‘(F) Any aggravated felony. ‘‘(G) Any criminal offense described in sec-tion 212(a) or 237(a). ‘‘(H) Any offense under Federal, State, or tribal law that has, as an element of the of-fense, the use or attempted use of physical force or the threatened use of physical force or a deadly weapon. ‘‘(I) Any offense that has, as an element of the offense, the use, attempted use, or threatened use of any physical object to in-flict or cause (either directly or indirectly) serious bodily injury, including an injury that may ultimately result in the death of a person. ‘‘(J) A conspiracy to commit an offense de-scribed in subparagraphs (A) through (E).’’. (2) I
NADMISSIBILITY .—Section 212(a)(2) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(2)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(J) A
LIENS ASSOCIATED WITH CRIMINAL  
GANGS .—Any alien is inadmissible if a con-sular officer, the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity, or the Attorney General knows or has reason to believe that the alien— ‘‘(i) is or has been a member of a criminal gang; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE6.024 S13FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES916 February 13, 2018 
‘‘(ii) has participated in the activities of a criminal gang, knowing or having reason to know that such activities will promote, fur-ther, aid, or support the illegal activity of the criminal gang.’’. (3) D
EPORTABILITY .—Section 237(a)(2) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1227(a)(2)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) A
LIENS ASSOCIATED WITH CRIMINAL  
GANGS .—Any alien is deportable who— ‘‘(i) is or has been a member of a criminal gang); or ‘‘(ii) has participated in the activities of a criminal gang, knowing or having reason to know that such activities will promote, fur-ther, aid, or support the illegal activity of the criminal gang.’’. (c) D
ESIGNATION OF CRIMINAL GANG.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 2 of title II of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182) is amended by inserting after section 219 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 220. DESIGNATION OF CRIMINAL GANG. 
‘‘(a) D ESIGNATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in con-sultation with the Attorney General, may designate a group, club, organization, or as-sociation of 2 or more persons as a criminal gang if the Secretary finds that their con-duct is described in section 101(a)(53). ‘‘(2) P
ROCEDURE .— ‘‘(A) N
OTIFICATION .—Not later than 7 days before making a designation under this sub-section, the Secretary, by classified commu-nication, shall submit written notification to the Speaker and Minority Leader of the House of Representatives, the President pro tempore, Majority Leader, and Minority Leader of the Senate, and the members of the relevant committees of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate of the intent to designate a group, club, organization, or as-sociation of 2 or more persons under this subsection and the factual basis for such des-ignation. ‘‘(B) P
UBLICATION IN THE FEDERAL REG -
ISTER .—Not later than 7 days after submit-ting the notification under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall publish each designation under this subsection in the Federal Reg-ister. ‘‘(3) R
ECORD .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In making a designation under this subsection, the Secretary shall create an administrative record. ‘‘(B) C
LASSIFIED INFORMATION .—The Sec- retary may consider classified information in making a designation under this sub-section. Classified information may not be subject to disclosure while it remains classi-fied, except that such information may be disclosed to a court ex parte and in camera for purposes of judicial review under sub-section (c). ‘‘(4) P
ERIOD OF DESIGNATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A designation under this subsection shall be effective for all purposes until revoked under paragraph (5) or (6) or set aside pursuant to subsection (c). ‘‘(B) R
EVIEW OF DESIGNATION UPON PETI -
TION.— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall re-view the designation of a criminal gang under the procedures set forth in clauses (iii) and (iv) if the designated group, club, organi-zation, or association of 2 or more persons files a petition for revocation within the pe-tition period described in clause (ii). ‘‘(ii) P
ETITION PERIOD .—For purposes of clause (i)— ‘‘(I) if the designated group, club, organiza-tion, or association of 2 or more persons has not previously filed a petition for revocation under this subparagraph, the petition period begins 2 years after the date on which the designation was made; or ‘‘(II) if the designated group, club, organi-zation, or association of 2 or more persons has previously filed a petition for revocation under this subparagraph, the petition period begins 2 years after the date of the deter-mination made under clause (iv) on that pe-tition. ‘‘(iii) PROCEDURES .—Any group, club, orga-nization, or association of 2 or more persons that submits a petition for revocation under this subparagraph of its designation as a criminal gang must provide evidence in that petition that the group, club, organization, or association is not described in section 101(a)(53). ‘‘(iv) D
ETERMINATION .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after receiving a petition for revocation sub-mitted under this subparagraph, the Sec-retary shall make a determination regarding such revocation. ‘‘(II) C
LASSIFIED INFORMATION .—The Sec- retary may consider classified information in making a determination in response to a petition for revocation. Classified informa-tion shall not be subject to disclosure for such time as it remains classified, except that such information may be disclosed to a court ex parte and in camera for purposes of judicial review under subsection (c). ‘‘(III) P
UBLICATION OF DETERMINATION .—A determination made by the Secretary under this clause shall be published in the Federal Register. ‘‘(IV) P
ROCEDURES .—Any revocation by the Secretary shall be made in accordance with paragraph (6). ‘‘(C) O
THER REVIEW OF DESIGNATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—If no review has taken place under subparagraph (B) during a 5-year period, the Secretary shall review the des-ignation of the criminal gang in order to de-termine whether such designation should be revoked pursuant to paragraph (6). ‘‘(ii) P
ROCEDURES .—If a review does not take place pursuant to subparagraph (B) in response to a petition for revocation that is filed in accordance with that subparagraph, a review shall be conducted pursuant to pro-cedures established by the Secretary. The re-sults of such review and the applicable proce-dures are not reviewable by any court. ‘‘(iii) P
UBLICATION OF RESULTS OF REVIEW .— The Secretary shall publish any determina-tion made under this subparagraph in the Federal Register. ‘‘(5) R
EVOCATION BY ACT OF CONGRESS .—The Congress, by an Act of Congress, may block or revoke a designation made under para-graph (1). ‘‘(6) R
EVOCATION BASED ON CHANGE IN CIR -
CUMSTANCES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may re-voke a designation made under paragraph (1) at any time, and shall revoke a designation upon completion of a review conducted under subparagraphs (B) and (C) of paragraph (4) if the Secretary determines that— ‘‘(i) the group, club, organization, or asso-ciation of 2 or more persons that has been designated as a criminal gang is no longer described in section 101(a)(53); or ‘‘(ii) the national security or the law en-forcement interests of the United States warrants a revocation. ‘‘(B) P
ROCEDURE .—The procedural require-ments of paragraphs (2) and (3) shall apply to a revocation under this paragraph. Any rev-ocation shall take effect on the date speci-fied in the revocation or upon publication in the Federal Register if no effective date is specified. ‘‘(7) E
FFECT OF REVOCATION .—The revoca-tion of a designation under paragraph (5) or (6) shall not affect any action or proceeding based on conduct committed prior to the ef-fective date of such revocation. ‘‘(8) USE OF DESIGNATION IN TRIAL OR HEAR -
ING.—If a designation under this subsection has become effective under paragraph (2), an alien in a removal proceeding may not raise any question concerning the validity of the issuance of such designation as a defense or an objection. ‘‘(b) A
MENDMENTS TO A DESIGNATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may amend a designation under this subsection if the Secretary determines that the group, club, organization, or association of 2 or more persons has changed its name, adopted a new alias, dissolved and then reconstituted itself under a different name or names, or merged with another group, club, organiza-tion, or association of 2 or more persons. ‘‘(2) P
ROCEDURE .—Amendments made to a designation under paragraph (1) shall be ef-fective upon publication in the Federal Reg-ister. Paragraphs (2), (4), (5), (6), (7), and (8) of subsection (a) shall also apply to an amended designation. ‘‘(3) A
DMINISTRATIVE RECORD .—The admin-istrative record shall be corrected to include the amendments and any additional relevant information that supports such amendments. ‘‘(4) C
LASSIFIED INFORMATION .—The Sec-retary may consider classified information in amending a designation in accordance with this subsection. Classified information shall not be subject to disclosure while it re-mains classified, except that such informa-tion may be disclosed to a court ex parte and in camera for purposes of judicial review under subsection (c). ‘‘(c) J
UDICIAL REVIEW OF DESIGNATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after publication in the Federal Register of a designation, an amended designation, or a determination in response to a petition for revocation, the designated group, club, orga-nization, or association of 2 or more persons may seek judicial review in the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. ‘‘(2) B
ASIS OF REVIEW .—Review under this subsection shall be based solely upon the ad-ministrative record, except that the Govern-ment may submit, for ex parte and in camera review, classified information used in mak-ing the designation, amended designation, or determination in response to a petition for revocation. ‘‘(3) S
COPE OF REVIEW .—The Court shall hold unlawful and set aside a designation, amended designation, or determination in response to a petition for revocation the court finds to be— ‘‘(A) arbitrary, capricious, an abuse of dis-cretion, or otherwise not in accordance with law; ‘‘(B) contrary to constitutional right, power, privilege, or immunity; ‘‘(C) in excess of statutory jurisdiction, au-thority, or limitation, or short of statutory right; ‘‘(D) lacking substantial support in the ad-ministrative record taken as a whole or in classified information submitted to the court under paragraph (2); or ‘‘(E) not in accord with the procedures re-quired by law. ‘‘(4) J
UDICIAL REVIEW INVOKED .—The pend-ency of an action for judicial review of a des-ignation, amended designation, or deter-mination in response to a petition for rev-ocation shall not affect the application of this section, unless the court issues a final order setting aside the designation, amended designation, or determination in response to a petition for revocation. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—As used in this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘classified information’ has the meaning given that term in section 1(a) of the Classified Information Procedures Act (18 U.S.C. App.); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE6.025 S13FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S917 February 13, 2018 
‘‘(2) the term ‘national security’ means the national defense, foreign relations, or eco-nomic interests of the United States; ‘‘(3) the term ‘relevant committees’ means the Committee on the Judiciary of the Sen-ate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives; and ‘‘(4) the term ‘Secretary’ means the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, in consultation with the Attorney General.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for such Act is amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 219 the following: ‘‘Sec. 220. Designation of criminal gang.’’. (d) M
ANDATORY DETENTION OF CRIMINAL  G
ANGMEMBERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 236(c)(1) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1226(c)(1)) is amended— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking the comma at the end and inserting a semicolon; (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking the comma at the end and inserting a semicolon; (C) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘, or’’ at the end and inserting a semicolon; (D) in subparagraph (D), by striking the comma at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (E) by inserting after subparagraph (D) the following: ‘‘(E) is inadmissible under section 212(a)(2)(J) or deportable under section 217(a)(2)(G),’’. (2) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than March 1 of the first year beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity, after consultation with the appropriate Federal agencies, shall submit a report to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Sen-ate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives that identifies the number of aliens detained as a result of the amendment made by paragraph (1)(E). (e) A
SYLUM CLAIMS BASED ON GANGAFFILI -
ATION .— (1) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF RESTRICTION ON RE -
MOVAL TO CERTAIN COUNTRIES .—Section 241(b)(3)(B) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1251(b)(3)(B)) is amended, in the matter preceding clause (i), by insert-ing ‘‘who is described in section 212(a)(2)(J)(i) or section 237(a)(2)(G)(i) or who is’’ after ‘‘to an alien’’. (2) I
NELIGIBILITY FOR ASYLUM .—Section 208(b)(2)(A) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1158(b)(2)(A)) is amended— (A) in clause (v), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) by redesignating clause (vi) as clause (vii); and (C) by inserting after clause (v) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(vi) the alien is described in section 212(a)(2)(J)(i) or 237(a)(2)(G)(i); or’’. (f) T
EMPORARY PROTECTED STATUS .—Sec- tion 244 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1254a) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘Sec-retary of Homeland Security’’; (2) in subsection (c)(2)(B)— (A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘, or’’ at the end and inserting a semicolon; (B) in clause (ii), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) the alien is, or at any time has been, described in section 212(a)(2)(J) or 237(a)(2)(G).’’; and (3) in subsection (d)— (A) by striking paragraph (3); and (B) in paragraph (4), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The Secretary of Homeland Security may detain an alien provided tem-porary protected status under this section whenever appropriate under any other provi-sion of law.’’. (g) SPECIAL IMMIGRANT JUVENILE VISAS.— Section 101(a)(27)(J)(iii) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(27)(J)(iii)) is amended— (1) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in subclause (II), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(III) no alien who is, or at any time has been, described in section 212(a)(2)(J) or 237(a)(2)(G) shall be eligible for any immigra-tion benefit under this subparagraph;’’. (h) P
AROLE .—An alien described in section 212(a)(2)(J) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act, as added by subsection (b)(2), shall not be eligible for parole under section 212(d)(5)(A) of such Act unless— (1) the alien is assisting or has assisted the United States Government in a law enforce-ment matter, including a criminal investiga-tion; and (2) the alien’s presence in the United States is required by the Government with respect to such assistance. (i) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply to acts that occur before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 1955. Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the pre-mium tax credit with respect to unsub-sidized COBRA continuation coverage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: TITLE l—UNITING AND SECURING AMERICA 
SEC. l01. SHORT TITLES. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Uniting and Securing America Act of 2018’’ or as the ‘‘USA Act of 2018’’. Subtitle A—Adjustment of Status for Certain Individuals Who Entered the United States as Children 
SEC. l11. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise spe-cifically provided, any term used in this sub-title that is used in the immigration laws shall have the meaning given such term in the immigration laws. (2) DACA.—The term ‘‘DACA’’ means de-ferred action granted to an alien pursuant to the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program announced by the Secretary of Homeland Security through a memorandum issued on June 15, 2012. (3) D
ISABILITY .—The term ‘‘disability’’ has the meaning given such term in section 3(1) of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12102(1)). (4) E
ARLY CHILDHOOD EDUCATION PRO -
GRAM .—The term ‘‘early childhood education program’’ has the meaning given such term in section 103 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1003). (5) E
LEMENTARY SCHOOL ; HIGH SCHOOL ; SEC-
ONDARY SCHOOL .—The terms ‘‘elementary school’’, ‘‘high school’’, and ‘‘secondary school’’ have the meanings given such terms in section 8101 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). (6) I
MMIGRATION LAWS .—The term ‘‘immi-gration laws’’ has the meaning given such term in section 101(a)(17) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(17)). (7) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .—The term ‘‘institution of higher education’’— (A) except as provided in subparagraph (B), has the meaning given such term in section 102 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002); and (B) does not include an institution of high-er education outside of the United States. (8) PERMANENT RESIDENT STATUS ON A CON -
DITIONAL BASIS .—The term ‘‘permanent resi-dent status on a conditional basis’’ means status as an alien lawfully admitted for per-manent residence on a conditional basis under this subtitle. (9) P
OVERTY LINE .—The term ‘‘poverty line’’ has the meaning given such term in section 673 of the Community Services Block Grant Act (42 U.S.C. 9902). (10) S
ECRETARY .—Except as otherwise spe-cifically provided, the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Homeland Security. (11) U
NIFORMED SERVICES .—The term ‘‘Uni-formed Services’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘uniformed services’’ in section 101(a) of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. l12. PERMANENT RESIDENT STATUS ON A CONDITIONAL BASIS FOR CERTAIN LONG-TERM RESIDENTS WHO EN-TERED THE UNITED STATES AS CHILDREN. 
(a) C ONDITIONAL BASIS FOR STATUS .—Not- withstanding any other provision of law, and except as provided in section l14(c)(2), an alien shall be considered, at the time of ob-taining the status of an alien lawfully admit-ted for permanent residence under this sec-tion, to have obtained such status on a con-ditional basis subject to the provisions under this subtitle. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary shall cancel the removal of, and adjust to the sta-tus of an alien lawfully admitted for perma-nent residence on a conditional basis, or without such conditional basis as provided in section l14(c)(2), an alien who is inadmis-sible or deportable from the United States or is in temporary protected status under sec-tion 244 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1254a) if— (A) the alien has been continuously phys-ically present in the United States since De-cember 31, 2013; (B) the alien was younger than 18 years of age on the date on which the alien initially entered the United States; (C) subject to paragraphs (2) and (3), the alien— (i) is not inadmissible under paragraph (2), (3), (6)(E), (6)(G), (8), (10)(A), (10)(C), or (10)(D) of section 212(a) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)); (ii) has not ordered, incited, assisted, or otherwise participated in the persecution of any person on account of race, religion, na-tionality, membership in a particular social group, or political opinion; and (iii) other than an offense under State or local law for which an essential element was the alien’s immigration status, a minor traf-fic offense, or a violation of this subtitle, has not been convicted of— (I) any offense under Federal or State law punishable by a maximum term of imprison-ment of more than 1 year; (II) any combination of offenses under Fed-eral or State law, for which the alien was sentenced to imprisonment for a total of more than 1 year; or (III) a crime of domestic violence (as such term is defined in section 237(a)(2)(E)(i) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1227(a)(2)(E)(i))), unless the alien— (aa) has filed an application under section 101(a)(15)(T), 101(a)(15)(U), 106, or 240A(b)(2) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(T), 1101(a)(15)(U), 1105a, and 1229b(b)(2)) or section 244(a)(3) of such Act (as in effect on March 31, 1997); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE6.025 S13FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES918 February 13, 2018 
(bb) is a VAWA self-petitioner (as defined in section 101(a)(51) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(51)); (cc) provides evidence that the alien’s crime of domestic violence is related to her or his having been a victim herself or him-self of domestic violence, sexual assault, stalking, child abuse or neglect, elder abuse or neglect, human trafficking, having been battered or subjected to extreme cruelty, having been a victim of criminal activity de-scribed in section 101(a)(15)(U)(iii) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(U)(iii)); or (dd) is a witness involved in a pending criminal or government agency investiga-tion or prosecution related to the crime of domestic violence; and (D) the alien— (i) has been admitted to an institution of higher education; (ii) has earned a high school diploma or a commensurate alternative award from a pub-lic or private high school, or has obtained a general education development certificate recognized under State law or a high school equivalency diploma in the United States; or (iii) is enrolled in secondary school or in an education program assisting students in— (I) obtaining a regular high school diploma or its recognized equivalent under State law; or (II) in passing a general educational devel-opment exam, a high school equivalence di-ploma examination, or other similar State- authorized exam. (2) W
AIVER .—With respect to any benefit under this subtitle, the Secretary may waive subclauses (I), (II), and (III) of subsection (b)(1)(C)(iii) and the grounds of inadmis-sibility under paragraph (2), (6)(E), (6)(G), or (10)(D) of section 212(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)) for hu-manitarian purposes, family unity, or if the waiver is otherwise in the public interest. (3) T
REATMENT OF EXPUNGED CONVICTIONS .— For purposes of cancellation of removal, ad-justment to permanent resident status on a conditional basis, or other adjustment of sta-tus, the term ‘‘conviction’’ does not include an adjudication or judgment of guilt that has been dismissed, expunged, deferred, an-nulled, invalidated, withheld, sealed, va-cated, pardoned, an order of probation with-out entry of judgment, or any similar reha-bilitative disposition. (4) DACA 
RECIPIENTS .—The Secretary shall cancel the removal of, and adjust to the sta-tus of an alien lawfully admitted for perma-nent residence on a conditional basis, an alien who was granted DACA unless the alien has engaged in conduct since the alien was granted DACA that would make the alien in-eligible for DACA. (5) A
PPLICATION FEE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall re-quire an alien applying for permanent resi-dent status on a conditional basis under this section to pay a reasonable fee that is com-mensurate with the cost of processing the application. (B) E
XEMPTION .—An applicant may be ex-empted from paying the fee required under subparagraph (A) if the alien— (i)(I) is younger than 18 years of age; (II) received total income, during the 12- month period immediately preceding the date on which the alien files an application under this section, that is less than 150 per-cent poverty line; and (III) is in foster care or otherwise lacking any parental or other familial support; (ii) is younger than 18 years of age and is homeless; (iii)(I) cannot care for himself or herself because of a serious, chronic disability; and (II) received total income, during the 12- month period immediately preceding the date on which the alien files an application under this section, that is less than 150 per-cent of the poverty line; or (iv)(I) during the 12-month period imme-diately preceding the date on which the alien files an application under this section, accu-mulated $10,000 or more in debt as a result of unreimbursed medical expenses incurred by the alien or an immediate family member of the alien; and (II) received total income, during the 12- month period immediately preceding the date on which the alien files an application under this section, that is less than 150 per-cent of the poverty line. (6) SUBMISSION OF BIOMETRIC AND BIO -
GRAPHIC DATA .—The Secretary may not grant an alien permanent resident status on a con-ditional basis under this section unless the alien submits biometric and biographic data, in accordance with procedures established by the Secretary. The Secretary shall provide an alternative procedure for aliens who are unable to provide such biometric or bio-graphic data because of a physical impair-ment. (7) B
ACKGROUND CHECKS .— (A) R
EQUIREMENT FOR BACKGROUND  
CHECKS .—The Secretary shall utilize biomet-ric, biographic, and other data that the Sec-retary determines appropriate— (i) to conduct security and law enforce-ment background checks of an alien seeking permanent resident status on a conditional basis under this section; and (ii) to determine whether there is any criminal, national security, or other factor that would render the alien ineligible for such status. (B) C
OMPLETION OF BACKGROUND CHECKS .— The security and law enforcement back-ground checks of an alien required under subparagraph (A) shall be completed, to the satisfaction of the Secretary, before the date on which the Secretary grants such alien permanent resident status on a conditional basis under this section. (8) M
EDICAL EXAMINATION .— (A) R
EQUIREMENT .—An alien applying for permanent resident status on a conditional basis under this section shall undergo a med-ical examination. (B) P
OLICIES AND PROCEDURES .—The Sec- retary, with the concurrence of the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services, shall prescribe policies and procedures for the na-ture and timing of the examination required under subparagraph (A). (9) M
ILITARY SELECTIVE SERVICE .—An alien applying for permanent resident status on a conditional basis under this section shall es-tablish that the alien has registered under the Military Selective Service Act (50 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.), if the alien is subject to reg-istration under such Act. (c) D
ETERMINATION OF CONTINUOUS PRES-
ENCE .— (1) T
ERMINATION OF CONTINUOUS PERIOD .— Any period of continuous physical presence in the United States of an alien who applies for permanent resident status on a condi-tional basis under this section shall not ter-minate when the alien is served a notice to appear under section 239(a) of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1229(a)). (2) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN BREAKS IN PRES -
ENCE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraphs (B) and (C), an alien shall be considered to have failed to maintain contin-uous physical presence in the United States under subsection (b)(1)(A) if the alien has de-parted from the United States for any period exceeding 90 days or for any periods, in the aggregate, exceeding 180 days. (B) E
XTENSIONS FOR EXTENUATING CIR -
CUMSTANCES .—The Secretary may extend the time periods described in subparagraph (A) for an alien who demonstrates that the fail-ure to timely return to the United States was due to extenuating circumstances be-yond the alien’s control, including the seri-ous illness of the alien, or death or serious illness of a parent, grandparent, sibling, or child of the alien. (C) TRAVEL AUTHORIZED BY THE SEC -
RETARY .—Any period of travel outside of the United States by an alien that was author-ized by the Secretary may not be counted to-ward any period of departure from the United States under subparagraph (A). (d) L
IMITATION ON REMOVAL OF CERTAIN  A
LIENS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary or the At-torney General may not remove an alien who appears prima facie eligible for relief under this section. (2) A
LIENS SUBJECT TO REMOVAL .—The Sec- retary shall provide an alien with a reason-able opportunity to apply for relief under this section if the alien— (A) requests such an opportunity or ap-pears prima facie eligible for relief under this section; and (B) is in removal proceedings, is the sub-ject of a final removal order, or is the sub-ject of a voluntary departure order. (3) C
ERTAIN ALIENS ENROLLED IN ELEMEN -
TARY OR SECONDARY SCHOOL .— (A) S
TAY OF REMOVAL .—The Attorney Gen-eral shall stay the removal proceedings of an alien who— (i) meets all of the requirements under sub-paragraphs (A), (B), and (C) of subsection (b)(1), subject to paragraphs (2) and (3) of subsection (b); (ii) is at least 5 years of age; and (iii) is enrolled in an elementary school, a secondary school, or an early childhood edu-cation program. (B) C
OMMENCEMENT OF REMOVAL PRO -
CEEDINGS .—The Secretary may not com-mence removal proceedings for an alien de-scribed in subparagraph (A). (C) E
MPLOYMENT .—An alien whose removal is stayed pursuant to subparagraph (A) or who may not be placed in removal pro-ceedings pursuant to subparagraph (B) shall, upon application to the Secretary, be grant-ed an employment authorization document. (D) L
IFT OF STAY .—The Secretary or the Attorney General may not lift the stay granted to an alien under subparagraph (A) unless the alien ceases to meet the require-ments under such subparagraph. (e) E
XEMPTION FROM NUMERICAL LIMITA -
TIONS .—Nothing in this section or in any other law may be construed to apply a nu-merical limitation on the number of aliens who may be granted permanent resident sta-tus, on a conditional basis or otherwise, under this subtitle. 
SEC. l13. TERMS OF PERMANENT RESIDENT STA-TUS ON A CONDITIONAL BASIS. 
(a) P ERIOD OF STATUS .—Permanent resi-dent status on a conditional basis is— (1) valid for a period of 8 years, unless such period is extended by the Secretary; and (2) subject to termination under subsection (c). (b) N
OTICE OF REQUIREMENTS .—At the time an alien obtains permanent resident status on a conditional basis, the Secretary shall provide notice to the alien regarding the pro-visions of this subtitle and the requirements to have the conditional basis of such status removed. (c) T
ERMINATION OF STATUS .—The Sec-retary may terminate the permanent resi-dent status on a conditional basis of an alien only if the Secretary— (1) determines that the alien ceases to meet the requirements under section l12(b)(1)(C), subject to paragraphs (2) and (3) of section l12(b); and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE6.026 S13FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S919 February 13, 2018 
(2) before the termination, provides the alien with— (A) notice of the proposed termination; and (B) the opportunity for a hearing to pro-vide evidence that the alien meets such re-quirements or otherwise contest the termi-nation. (d) R
ETURN TO PREVIOUS IMMIGRATION STA-
TUS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), an alien whose permanent resident status on a conditional basis expires under subsection (a)(1) or is terminated under subsection (c) or whose application for such status is denied shall return to the im-migration status that the alien had imme-diately before receiving permanent resident status on a conditional basis or applying for such status, as appropriate. (2) S
PECIAL RULE FOR TEMPORARY PRO -
TECTED STATUS .—An alien whose permanent resident status on a conditional basis expires under subsection (a)(1) or is terminated under subsection (c) or whose application for such status is denied and who had temporary protected status under section 244 of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1254a) immediately before receiving or apply-ing for such permanent resident status on a conditional basis, as appropriate, may not return to such temporary protected status if— (A) the relevant designation under section 244(b) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1254a(b)) has been terminated; or (B) the Secretary determines that the rea-son for terminating the permanent resident status on a conditional basis renders the alien ineligible for such temporary protected status. 
SEC. l14. REMOVAL OF CONDITIONAL BASIS OF PERMANENT RESIDENT STATUS. 
(a) E LIGIBILITY FOR REMOVAL OF CONDI-
TIONAL BASIS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), the Secretary shall remove the conditional basis of an alien’s permanent resident status granted under this subtitle and grant the alien status as an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence if the alien— (A) is described in section l12(b)(1)(C), subject to paragraphs (2) and (3) of section l12(b); (B) has not abandoned the alien’s residence in the United States; and (C)(i) has acquired a degree from an insti-tution of higher education or has completed at least 2 years, in good standing, in a post-secondary vocational program or in a pro-gram for a bachelor’s degree or higher degree in the United States; (ii) has served in the Uniformed Services for at least the period for which the alien was obligated to serve on active duty and, if discharged, received an honorable discharge; or (iii) has been employed for periods totaling at least 3 years and at least 80 percent of the time that the alien has had a valid employ-ment authorization, except that any period during which the alien is not employed while having a valid employment authorization and is enrolled in an institution of higher education, a secondary school, or an edu-cation program described in section l12(b)(1)(D)(iii), shall not count toward the time requirements under this clause. (2) H
ARDSHIP EXCEPTION .—The Secretary shall remove the conditional basis of an alien’s permanent resident status and grant the alien status as an alien lawfully admit-ted for permanent residence if the alien— (A) satisfies the requirements under sub-paragraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1); (B) demonstrates compelling cir-cumstances for the inability to satisfy the requirements under paragraph (1)(C); and (C) demonstrates that— (i) the alien has a disability; (ii) the alien is a full-time caregiver of a minor child; or (iii) the removal of the alien from the United States would result in extreme hard-ship to the alien or the alien’s spouse, par-ent, or child who is a national of the United States or is lawfully admitted for permanent residence. (3) CITIZENSHIP REQUIREMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the conditional basis of an alien’s permanent resident status granted under this subtitle may not be removed un-less the alien demonstrates that the alien satisfies the requirements under section 312(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1423(a)). (B) E
XCEPTION .—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to an alien who is unable to meet the requirements under such section 312(a) due to disability. (4) A
PPLICATION FEE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall re-quire aliens applying for lawful permanent resident status under this section to pay a reasonable fee that is commensurate with the cost of processing the application. (B) E
XEMPTION .—An applicant may be ex-empted from paying the fee required under subparagraph (A) if the alien— (i)(I) is younger than 18 years of age; (II) received total income, during the 12- month period immediately preceding the date on which the alien files an application under this section, that is less than 150 per-cent of the poverty line; and (III) is in foster care or otherwise lacking any parental or other familial support; (ii) is younger than 18 years of age and is homeless; (iii)(I) cannot care for himself or herself because of a serious, chronic disability; and (II) received total income, during the 12- month period immediately preceding the date on which the alien files an application under this section, that is less than 150 per-cent of the poverty line; or (iv)(I) during the 12-month period imme-diately preceding the date on which the alien files an application under this section, the alien accumulated $10,000 or more in debt as a result of unreimbursed medical expenses incurred by the alien or an immediate family member of the alien; and (II) received total income, during the 12- month period immediately preceding the date on which the alien files an application under this section, that is less than 150 per-cent of the poverty line. (5) S
UBMISSION OF BIOMETRIC AND BIO -
GRAPHIC DATA .—The Secretary may not re-move the conditional basis of an alien’s per-manent resident status unless the alien sub-mits biometric and biographic data, in ac-cordance with procedures established by the Secretary. The Secretary shall provide an al-ternative procedure for applicants who are unable to provide such biometric data be-cause of a physical impairment. (6) B
ACKGROUND CHECKS .— (A) R
EQUIREMENT FOR BACKGROUND  
CHECKS .—The Secretary shall utilize biomet-ric, biographic, and other data that the Sec-retary determines appropriate— (i) to conduct security and law enforce-ment background checks of an alien apply-ing for removal of the conditional basis of the alien’s permanent resident status; and (ii) to determine whether there is any criminal, national security, or other factor that would render the alien ineligible for re-moval of such conditional basis. (B) C
OMPLETION OF BACKGROUND CHECKS .— The security and law enforcement back-ground checks of an alien required under subparagraph (A) shall be completed, to the satisfaction of the Secretary, before the date on which the Secretary removes the condi-tional basis of the alien’s permanent resident status. (b) TREATMENT FOR PURPOSES OF NATU-
RALIZATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of title III of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1401 et seq.), an alien granted perma-nent resident status on a conditional basis shall be considered to have been admitted to the United States, and be present in the United States, as an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence. (2) L
IMITATION ON APPLICATION FOR NATU -
RALIZATION .—An alien may not apply for nat-uralization while the alien is in permanent resident status on a conditional basis. (c) T
IMING OF APPROVAL OF LAWFUL PERMA -
NENT RESIDENCE STATUS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—An alien granted lawful permanent residence on a conditional basis under this subtitle may apply to have such conditional basis removed at any time after such alien has met the eligibility require-ments set forth in subsection (a). (2) A
PPROVAL WITH REGARD TO INITIAL AP -
PLICATIONS .—The Secretary shall provide lawful permanent residence status without conditional basis to any alien who dem-onstrates eligibility for lawful permanent residence status on a conditional basis under section l12, if such alien has already ful-filled the requirements of subsection (a) at the time such alien first submits an applica-tion for benefits under this subtitle. 
SEC. l15. DOCUMENTATION REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) D OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING IDENTITY .— An alien’s application for permanent resi-dent status on a conditional basis may in-clude, as proof of identity— (1) a passport or national identity docu-ment from the alien’s country of origin that includes the alien’s name and the alien’s photograph or fingerprint; (2) the alien’s birth certificate and an iden-tity card that includes the alien’s name and photograph; (3) a school identification card that in-cludes the alien’s name and photograph, and school records showing the alien’s name and that the alien is or was enrolled at the school; (4) a Uniformed Services identification card issued by the Department of Defense; (5) any immigration or other document issued by the United States Government bearing the alien’s name and photograph; or (6) a State-issued identification card bear-ing the alien’s name and photograph. (b) D
OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING CONTINUOUS  P
HYSICAL PRESENCE IN THE UNITED STATES .— To establish that an alien has been continu-ously physically present in the United States, as required under section l12(b)(1)(A), or to establish that an alien has not abandoned residence in the United States, as required under section l14(a)(1)(B), the alien may submit docu-ments to the Secretary, including— (1) employment records that include the employer’s name and contact information; (2) records from any educational institu-tion the alien has attended in the United States; (3) records of service from the Uniformed Services; (4) official records from a religious entity confirming the alien’s participation in a reli-gious ceremony; (5) passport entries; (6) a birth certificate for a child who was born in the United States; (7) automobile license receipts or registra-tion; (8) deeds, mortgages, or rental agreement contracts; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE6.026 S13FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES920 February 13, 2018 
(9) tax receipts; (10) insurance policies; (11) remittance records; (12) rent receipts or utility bills bearing the alien’s name or the name of an imme-diate family member of the alien, and the alien’s address; (13) copies of money order receipts for money sent in or out of the United States; (14) dated bank transactions; or (15) 2 or more sworn affidavits from indi-viduals who are not related to the alien who have direct knowledge of the alien’s contin-uous physical presence in the United States, that contain— (A) the name, address, and telephone num-ber of the affiant; and (B) the nature and duration of the relation-ship between the affiant and the alien. (c) D
OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING INITIAL  E
NTRY INTO THE UNITED STATES .—To estab- lish under section l12(b)(1)(B) that an alien was younger than 18 years of age on the date on which the alien initially entered the United States, an alien may submit docu-ments to the Secretary, including— (1) an admission stamp on the alien’s pass-port; (2) records from any educational institu-tion the alien has attended in the United States; (3) any document from the Department of Justice or the Department of Homeland Se-curity stating the alien’s date of entry into the United States; (4) hospital or medical records showing medical treatment or hospitalization, the name of the medical facility or physician, and the date of the treatment or hospitaliza-tion; (5) rent receipts or utility bills bearing the alien’s name or the name of an immediate family member of the alien, and the alien’s address; (6) employment records that include the employer’s name and contact information; (7) official records from a religious entity confirming the alien’s participation in a reli-gious ceremony; (8) a birth certificate for a child who was born in the United States; (9) automobile license receipts or registra-tion; (10) deeds, mortgages, or rental agreement contracts; (11) tax receipts; (12) travel records; (13) copies of money order receipts sent in or out of the country; (14) dated bank transactions; (15) remittance records; or (16) insurance policies. (d) D
OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING ADMISSION TO  
ANINSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .—To establish that an alien has been admitted to an institution of higher education, the alien shall submit to the Secretary a document from the institution of higher education cer-tifying that the alien— (1) has been admitted to the institution; or (2) is currently enrolled in the institution as a student. (e) D
OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING RECEIPT OF A  D
EGREE FROM AN INSTITUTION OF HIGHER  E
DUCATION .—To establish that an alien has acquired a degree from an institution of higher education in the United States, the alien shall submit to the Secretary a di-ploma or other document from the institu-tion stating that the alien has received such a degree. (f) D
OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING RECEIPT OF  H
IGH SCHOOL DIPLOMA , G ENERAL EDU-
CATIONAL DEVELOPMENT CERTIFICATE , OR A  R
ECOGNIZED EQUIVALENT .—To establish that an alien has earned a high school diploma or a commensurate alternative award from a public or private high school, or has obtained a general educational development certifi-cate recognized under State law or a high school equivalency diploma in the United States, the alien shall submit to the Sec-retary— (1) a high school diploma, certificate of completion, or other alternate award; (2) a high school equivalency diploma or certificate recognized under State law; or (3) evidence that the alien passed a State- authorized exam, including the general edu-cational development exam, in the United States. (g) DOCUMENTS ESTABLISHING ENROLLMENT  
IN AN EDUCATIONAL PROGRAM .—To establish that an alien is enrolled in any school or education program described in section l12(b)(1)(D)(iii), l12(d)(3)(A)(iii), or l14(a)(1)(C), the alien shall submit school records from the United States school that the alien is currently attending that in-clude— (1) the name of the school; and (2) the alien’s name, periods of attendance, and current grade or educational level. (h) D
OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING EXEMPTION  F
ROM APPLICATION FEES.—To establish that an alien is exempt from an application fee under section l12(b)(5)(B) or l14(a)(4)(B), the alien shall submit to the Secretary the following relevant documents: (1) D
OCUMENTS TO ESTABLISH AGE .—To es- tablish that an alien meets an age require-ment, the alien shall provide proof of iden-tity, as described in subsection (a), that es-tablishes that the alien is younger than 18 years of age. (2) D
OCUMENTS TO ESTABLISH INCOME .—To establish the alien’s income, the alien shall provide— (A) employment records that have been maintained by the Social Security Adminis-tration, the Internal Revenue Service, or any other Federal, State, or local government agency; (B) bank records; or (C) at least 2 sworn affidavits from individ-uals who are not related to the alien and who have direct knowledge of the alien’s work and income that contain— (i) the name, address, and telephone num-ber of the affiant; and (ii) the nature and duration of the relation-ship between the affiant and the alien. (3) D
OCUMENTS TO ESTABLISH FOSTER CARE , 
LACK OF FAMILIAL SUPPORT , HOMELESSNESS , 
OR SERIOUS , CHRONIC DISABILITY .—To estab-lish that the alien was in foster care, lacks parental or familial support, is homeless, or has a serious, chronic disability, the alien shall provide at least 2 sworn affidavits from individuals who are not related to the alien and who have direct knowledge of the cir-cumstances that contain— (A) a statement that the alien is in foster care, otherwise lacks any parental or other familiar support, is homeless, or has a seri-ous, chronic disability, as appropriate; (B) the name, address, and telephone num-ber of the affiant; and (C) the nature and duration of the relation-ship between the affiant and the alien. (4) D
OCUMENTS TO ESTABLISH UNPAID MED -
ICAL EXPENSE .—To establish that the alien has debt as a result of unreimbursed medical expenses, the alien shall provide receipts or other documentation from a medical pro-vider that— (A) bear the provider’s name and address; (B) bear the name of the individual receiv-ing treatment; and (C) document that the alien has accumu-lated $10,000 or more in debt in the past 12 months as a result of unreimbursed medical expenses incurred by the alien or an imme-diate family member of the alien. (i) D
OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING QUALIFICATION  
FORHARDSHIP EXEMPTION .—To establish that an alien satisfies 1 of the criteria for the hardship exemption set forth in section l14(a)(2)(A)(iii), the alien shall submit to the Secretary at least 2 sworn affidavits from individuals who are not related to the alien and who have direct knowledge of the circumstances that warrant the exemption, that contain— (1) the name, address, and telephone num-ber of the affiant; and (2) the nature and duration of the relation-ship between the affiant and the alien. (j) DOCUMENTS ESTABLISHING SERVICE IN  
THEUNIFORMED SERVICES .—To establish that an alien has served in the Uniformed Serv-ices for at least the period for which the alien was obligated to serve on active duty and, if discharged, received an honorable dis-charge, the alien shall submit to the Sec-retary— (1) a Department of Defense Form DD–214; (2) a National Guard Report of Separation and Record of Service Form NGB–22; (3) personnel records for such service from the appropriate Uniformed Service; or (4) health records from the appropriate Uniformed Service. (k) D
OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING EMPLOY -
MENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—An alien may satisfy the employment requirement under section l14(a)(1)(C)(iii) by submitting records that— (A) establish compliance with such em-ployment requirement; and (B) have been maintained by the Social Se-curity Administration, the Internal Revenue Service, or any other Federal, State, or local government agency. (2) O
THER DOCUMENTS .—An alien who is un-able to submit the records described in para-graph (1) may satisfy the employment re-quirement by submitting at least 2 types of reliable documents that provide evidence of employment, including— (A) bank records; (B) business records; (C) employer records; (D) records of a labor union, day labor cen-ter, or organization that assists workers in employment; (E) sworn affidavits from individuals who are not related to the alien and who have di-rect knowledge of the alien’s work, that con-tain— (i) the name, address, and telephone num-ber of the affiant; and (ii) the nature and duration of the relation-ship between the affiant and the alien; and (F) remittance records. (l) A
UTHORITY TOPROHIBIT USE OF CERTAIN  D
OCUMENTS .—If the Secretary determines, after publication in the Federal Register and an opportunity for public comment, that any document or class of documents does not re-liably establish identity or that permanent resident status on a conditional basis is being obtained fraudulently to an unaccept-able degree, the Secretary may prohibit or restrict the use of such document or class of documents. 
SEC. l16. RULEMAKING. 
(a) I NITIAL PUBLICATION .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall publish regulations implementing this subtitle in the Federal Register. Such regulations shall allow eligi-ble individuals to immediately apply affirm-atively for the relief available under section l12 without being placed in removal pro-ceedings. (b) I
NTERIM REGULATIONS .—Notwith- standing section 553 of title 5, United States Code, the regulations published pursuant to subsection (a) shall be effective, on an in-terim basis, immediately upon publication in the Federal Register, but may be subject to change and revision after public notice and opportunity for a period of public comment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE6.026 S13FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S921 February 13, 2018 
(c) F INAL REGULATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which interim regula-tions are published under this section, the Secretary shall publish final regulations im-plementing this subtitle. (d) P
APERWORK REDUCTION ACT.—The re- quirements under chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Paperwork Reduction Act’’), shall not apply to any action to implement this sub-title. 
SEC. l17. CONFIDENTIALITY OF INFORMATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary may not disclose or use information provided in appli-cations filed under this subtitle or in re-quests for DACA for the purpose of immigra-tion enforcement. (b) R
EFERRALS PROHIBITED .—The Secretary may not refer any individual who has been granted permanent resident status on a con-ditional basis under this subtitle or who was granted DACA to U.S. Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, or any designee of either such entity. (c) L
IMITED EXCEPTION .—Notwithstanding subsections (a) and (b), information provided in an application for permanent resident sta-tus on a conditional basis or a request for DACA may be shared with Federal security and law enforcement agencies— (1) for assistance in the consideration of an application for permanent resident status on a conditional basis; (2) to identify or prevent fraudulent claims; (3) for national security purposes; or (4) for the investigation or prosecution of any felony not related to immigration sta-tus. (d) P
ENALTY .—Any person who knowingly uses, publishes, or permits information to be examined in violation of this section shall be fined not more than $10,000. 
SEC. l18. RESTORATION OF STATE OPTION TO DETERMINE RESIDENCY FOR PUR-POSES OF HIGHER EDUCATION BEN-EFITS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 505 of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Respon-sibility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1623) is repealed. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The repeal under subsection (a) shall take effect as if included in the original enactment of the Illegal Im-migration Reform and Immigrant Responsi-bility Act of 1996 (division C of Public Law 104–208; 110 Stat. 3009–546). Subtitle B—Secure Miles With All Resources and Technology 
SEC. l21. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) O
PERATIONAL CONTROL .—The term ‘‘operational control’’ has the meaning given such term in section 2(b) of the Secure Fence Act of 2006 (8 U.S.C. 1701 note; Public Law 109–367). (2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Homeland Security. (3) S
ITUATIONAL AWARENESS .—The term ‘‘situational awareness’’ has the meaning given the term in section 1092(a)(7) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328). (4) S
OUTHERN BORDER .—The term ‘‘southern border’’ means the international border be-tween the United States and Mexico. CHAPTER 1—INFRASTRUCTURE AND EQUIPMENT 
SEC. l22. STRENGTHENING THE REQUIREMENTS FOR BORDER SECURITY TECH-NOLOGY ALONG THE SOUTHERN BORDER. 
Section 102 of the Illegal Immigration Re-form and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (Division C of Public Law 104–208; 8 U.S.C. 1103 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by inserting ‘‘and border technology’’ before ‘‘in the vicinity of’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘illegal crossings in areas of high illegal entry into the United Sates’’ and inserting ‘‘, impede, and detect illegal activity in high traffic areas’’; (2) in subsection (c)(1), by inserting ‘‘and, pursuant to subsection (d), the installation, operation, and maintenance of technology’’ after ‘‘barriers and roads’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) INSTALLATION , OPERATION , AND MAIN-
TENANCE OF TECHNOLOGY .—Not later than January 20, 2021, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in carrying out subsection (a), shall deploy the most practical and effective technology available along the United States border for achieving situational awareness and operational control of the border. ‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) H
IGH TRAFFIC AREAS .—The term ‘high traffic areas’ means sectors along the north-ern, southern, or coastal border that— ‘‘(A) are within the responsibility of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; and ‘‘(B) have significant unlawful cross-border activity. ‘‘(2) O
PERATIONAL CONTROL .—The term ‘operational control’ has the meaning given such term in section 2(b) of the Secure Fence Act of 2006 (8 U.S.C. 1701 note; Public Law 109–367). ‘‘(3) S
ITUATIONAL AWARENESS DEFINED .— The term ‘situational awareness’ has the meaning given such term in section 1092(a)(7) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328). ‘‘(4) T
ECHNOLOGY .—The term ‘technology’ includes border surveillance and detection technology, including— ‘‘(A) radar surveillance systems; ‘‘(B) Vehicle and Dismount Exploitation Radars (VADER); ‘‘(C) 3-dimensional, seismic acoustic detec-tion and ranging border tunneling detection technology; ‘‘(D) sensors; ‘‘(E) unmanned cameras; ‘‘(F) man-portable and mobile vehicle- mounted unmanned aerial vehicles; and ‘‘(G) any other devices, tools, or systems found to be more effective or advanced than those specified in subparagraphs (A) through (F).’’. 
SEC. l23. COMPREHENSIVE SOUTHERN BORDER STRATEGY. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a comprehensive southern border strategy to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The strategy submitted under subsection (a) shall include— (1) a list of known physical barriers, levees, technologies, tools, and other devices that can be used to achieve and maintain situa-tional awareness and operational control along the southern border; (2) a projected per mile cost estimate for each physical barrier, levee, technology, tool, and other device included on the list re-quired under paragraph (1); (3) a detailed account of which type of physical barrier, levee, technology, tool, or other device the Secretary believes is nec-essary to achieve and maintain situational awareness and operational control for each linear mile of the southern border; (4) an explanation for why such physical barrier, levee, technology, tool, or other de-vice was chosen to achieve and maintain sit-uational awareness and operational control for each linear mile of the southern border, including— (A) the methodology used to determine which type of physical barrier, levee, tech-nology, tool, or other device was chosen for such linear mile; (B) an examination of existing manmade and natural barriers for each linear mile of the southern border; (C) the information collected and evalu-ated from— (i) the appropriate U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection Sector Chief; (ii) the Joint Task Force Commander; (iii) the appropriate State Governor; (iv) tribal government officials; (v) border county and city elected officials; (vi) local law enforcement officials; (vii) private property owners; (viii) local community groups, including human rights organizations; and (ix) other affected stakeholders; and (D) a privacy evaluation conducted by the Privacy Officer of the Department of Home-land Security, in accordance with the re-sponsibilities and authorities under section 222 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 142), for each such physical barrier, levee, technology, tool, or other device; (5) a per mile cost calculation for each lin-ear mile of the southern border given the type of physical barrier, levee, technology, tool, or other device chosen to achieve and maintain situational awareness and oper-ational control for each linear mile; and (6) a cost justification for each time a more expensive physical barrier, levee, tech-nology, tool, or other device is chosen over a less expensive option, as established by the per mile cost estimates required in para-graph (2). SEC. l24. CONTROL OR ERADICATION OF CARRIZO CANE AND SALT CEDAR. 
Not later than January 20, 2019, the Sec-retary, after coordinating with the heads of relevant Federal, State, and local agencies, shall begin controlling or eradicating, as ap-propriate, the carrizo cane plant and any salt cedar along the Rio Grande River and the Lower Colorado River. 
SEC. l25. AIR AND MARINE OPERATIONS FLIGHT HOURS. 
(a) I NCREASED FLIGHT HOURS .—The Sec- retary shall ensure that not fewer than 95,000 annual flight hours are executed by Air and Marine Operations of U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection, with adequate accountability and oversight, including strong privacy pro-tections. (b) U
NMANNED AERIAL SYSTEM .—The Sec- retary shall ensure that Air and Marine Op-erations operate unmanned aerial systems for not less than 24 hours per day for not fewer than 5 days per week. (c) S
TUDY AND REPORT .— (1) S
TUDY .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall commence a comprehensive study— (A) to identify deficiencies and opportuni-ties for improvement in the capability of Air and Marine Operations to fulfill air and ma-rine support requirements for the U.S. Bor-der Patrol and other components of the De-partment of Homeland Security, including support in critical source and transit zones; (B) to assess whether such requirements could better be fulfilled through the realign-ment of Air and Marine Operations as a di-rectorate of the U.S. Border Patrol; and (C) to identify deficiencies and opportuni-ties for improvement in the capabilities of the U.S. Border Patrol and other depart-mental components to develop rigorous esti-mates of such requirements. (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE6.026 S13FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES922 February 13, 2018 
Secretary shall submit a report to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives that contains the results of the study required under paragraph (1), in-cluding recommendations and time frames for implementing the recommendations con-tained in such study. 
SEC. l26. PORTS OF ENTRY INFRASTRUCTURE. 
(a) A DDITIONAL PORTS OF ENTRY .— (1) A
UTHORITY .—The Secretary may con-struct new ports of entry along the northern border and the southern border and deter-mine the location of any such new ports of entry. (2) C
ONSULTATION .— (A) R
EQUIREMENT TO CONSULT .—The Sec- retary shall consult with the Secretary of the Interior, the Secretary of Agriculture, the Administrator of General Services, and appropriate representatives of State and local governments, tribal governments, com-munity groups, and property owners in the United States before selecting a location for any new port constructed pursuant to para-graph (1). (B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—The purpose of the consultations required under subparagraph (A) shall be to minimize any negative im-pacts of any proposed new port on the envi-ronment, culture, commerce, and quality of life of the communities and residents located near such new port. (b) E
XPANSION AND MODERNIZATION OF HIGH- V
OLUME SOUTHERN BORDER PORTS OF  E
NTRY .—Not later than September 30, 2018, the Secretary shall submit a plan to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate, the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate, the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives, and the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives for expanding the primary and secondary inspection lanes for vehicle, cargo, and pedestrian inbound and outbound inspection lanes at the top 10 high-volume ports of entry on the southern border, as de-termined by the Secretary. (c) E
STIMATES OF INSPECTION PROCESSING  G
OALS AND WAIT-TIMESTANDARDS .—The plan required under subsection (b) shall be based on estimates by the Secretary of the number of such inspection lanes required to meet in-spection processing goals and wait-time standards established by the Secretary. (d) P
ORT OF ENTRY PRIORITIZATION .—The Secretary shall complete the expansion and modernization of ports of entry pursuant to subsection (b), to the extent practicable, be-fore constructing any new ports of entry pur-suant to subsection (a). CHAPTER 2—GRANTS 
SEC. l27. OPERATION STONEGARDEN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A of title XX of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 601 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 2009. OPERATION STONEGARDEN. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Department a program, which shall be known as ‘Operation Stonegarden’, under which the Secretary, acting through the Ad-ministrator, shall make grants to eligible law enforcement agencies, through the State administrative agency, to enhance border se-curity in accordance with this section. ‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE RECIPIENTS .—To be eligible to receive a grant under this section, a law enforcement agency— ‘‘(1) shall be located in— ‘‘(A) a State bordering Canada or Mexico; or ‘‘(B) a State or territory with a maritime border; and ‘‘(2) shall be involved in an active, ongoing, U.S. Customs and Border Protection oper-ation coordinated through a sector or field office. ‘‘(c) PERMITTED USES.—The recipient of a grant under this section may use such grant for— ‘‘(1) equipment, including maintenance and sustainment costs; ‘‘(2) any cost or activity permitted for Op-eration Stonegarden under the Department of Homeland Security’s Fiscal Year 2017 Homeland Security Grant Program Notice of Funding Opportunity; and ‘‘(3) any other appropriate border security activity, as determined by the Adminis-trator, in consultation with the Commis-sioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion. ‘‘(d) P
ERIOD OF PERFORMANCE .—The Sec- retary shall award grants under this section to grant recipients for a period of not less than 3 years. ‘‘(e) R
EPORT .—The Administrator shall submit an annual report, for each of the fis-cal years 2018 through 2022, to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives that contains information on the expenditure of grants made under this section by each grant recipient. ‘‘(f) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated $110,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 2018 through 2022 for grants under this section.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 2002(a) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 603) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) G
RANTS AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary, through the Administrator, may award grants under sections 2003, 2004, and 2009 to State, local, and tribal governments, as ap-propriate.’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2008 the following: ‘‘Sec. 2009. Operation Stonegarden.’’. 
SEC. l28. SOUTHERN BORDER REGION EMER-GENCY COMMUNICATIONS GRANT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, in con-sultation with the Governors of the States that are adjacent to the southern border, shall establish a 2-year grant program to im-prove emergency communications in the southern border region. (b) E
LIGIBILITY FOR GRANTS .—An individual is eligible for a grant under this section if the individual— (1) regularly resides or works in a State that is adjacent to the southern border; and (2) is at greater risk of border violence due to a lack of cellular and LTE network serv-ice at the individual’s residence or business and the individual’s proximity to the south-ern border. (c) U
SE OF GRANTS .—Grants awarded under this section may be used to purchase sat-ellite telephone communications systems and services that— (1) can provide access to 9–1–1 service; and (2) are equipped with receivers for the Global Positioning System. Subtitle C—Reducing Significant Delays in Immigration Court 
SEC. l31. ELIMINATE IMMIGRATION COURT BACKLOGS. 
(a) A NNUAL INCREASES IN IMMIGRATION  J
UDGES .—The Attorney General of the United States shall increase the total num-ber of immigration judges to adjudicate pending cases and efficiently process future cases by not fewer than— (1) 55 judges during fiscal year 2018; (2) an additional 55 judges during fiscal year 2019; and (3) an additional 55 judges during fiscal year 2020. (b) QUALIFICATIONS OF IMMIGRATION  J
UDGES .—The Attorney General shall ensure that all newly hired immigration judges— (1) are highly qualified and trained to con-duct fair, impartial hearings consistent with due process; and (2) represent a diverse pool of individuals that includes a balance of individuals with nongovernmental, private bar, or academic experience in addition to government experi-ence. (c) N
ECESSARY SUPPORT STAFF FOR IMMI-
GRATION JUDGES .—To address the shortage of support staff for immigration judges, the At-torney General shall ensure that each immi-gration judge has sufficient support staff, adequate technological and security re-sources, and appropriate courtroom facili-ties. (d) A
NNUAL INCREASES IN BOARD OF IMMI-
GRATION APPEALS PERSONNEL .—The Attorney General shall increase the number of Board of Immigration Appeals staff attorneys (in-cluding necessary additional support staff) to efficiently process cases by at least— (1) 23 attorneys during fiscal year 2018; (2) an additional 23 attorneys during fiscal year 2019; and (3) an additional 23 attorneys during fiscal year 2020. (e) GAO R
EPORT .—The Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States shall— (1) conduct a study of the hurdles to effi-cient hiring of immigration court judges within the Department of Justice; and (2) propose solutions to Congress for im-proving the efficiency of the hiring process. 
SEC. l32. IMPROVED TRAINING FOR IMMIGRA-TION JUDGES AND MEMBERS OF THE BOARD OF IMMIGRATION AP-PEALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—To ensure efficient and fair proceedings, the Director of the Execu-tive Office for Immigration Review shall fa-cilitate robust training programs for immi-gration judges and members of the Board of Immigration Appeals. (b) M
ANDATORY TRAINING .—Training facili-tated under subsection (a) shall include— (1) an expansion of the training program for new immigration judges and Board mem-bers; (2) continuing education regarding current developments in immigration law through regularly available training resources and an annual conference; (3) methods to ensure that immigration judges are trained on properly crafting and dictating decisions and standards of review, including improved on-bench reference mate-rials and decision templates; (4) specialized training to handle cases in-volving other vulnerable populations includ-ing survivors of domestic violence, sexual as-sault, or trafficking and individuals with mental disabilities in partnership with the National Council of Juvenile and Family Court Judges; and (5) specialized training in child inter-viewing, child psychology, and child trauma in partnership with the National Council of Juvenile and Family Court Judges for Immi-gration Judges. 
SEC. l33. NEW TECHNOLOGY TO IMPROVE COURT EFFICIENCY. 
The Director of the Executive Office for Immigration Review shall modernize its case management and related electronic systems, including allowing for electronic filing, to improve efficiency in the processing of immi-gration proceedings. Subtitle D—Advancing Reforms in Central America to Address the Factors Driving Mi-gration 
SEC. l41. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE6.026 S13FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S923 February 13, 2018 
(1) N ORTHERN TRIANGLE .—The term ‘‘North-ern Triangle’’ means the countries of El Sal-vador, Guatemala, and Honduras. (2) P
LAN.—The term ‘‘Plan’’ means the Plan of the Alliance for Prosperity in the Northern Triangle, developed by the Govern-ments of El Salvador, Guatemala, and Hon-duras, with the technical assistance of the Inter-American Development Bank, and rep-resenting a comprehensive approach to ad-dress the complex situation in the Northern Triangle. CHAPTER 1—EFFECTIVELY COORDI-NATING UNITED STATES ENGAGEMENT IN CENTRAL AMERICA 
SEC. l42. UNITED STATES COORDINATOR FOR ENGAGEMENT IN CENTRAL AMER-ICA. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall designate a senior offi-cial (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Coor-dinator’’)— (1) to coordinate the efforts of the Federal Government under this subtitle; and (2) to coordinate the efforts of inter-national partners— (A) to strengthen citizen security, the rule of law, and economic prosperity in Central America; and (B) to protect vulnerable populations in the region. (b) S
UPERVISION .—The Coordinator shall report directly to the President. (c) D
UTIES .—The Coordinator shall coordi-nate the efforts, activities, and programs re-lated to United States engagement in Cen-tral America under this subtitle, including— (1) coordinating with the Department of State, the Department of Justice (including the Federal Bureau of Investigation), the De-partment of Homeland Security, the intel-ligence community, and international part-ners regarding United States efforts to con-front armed criminal gangs, illicit traf-ficking networks, and organized crime re-sponsible for high levels of violence, extor-tion, and corruption in Central America; (2) coordinating with the Department of State, the United States Agency for Inter-national Development, and international partners regarding United States efforts to prevent and mitigate the effects of violent criminal gangs and transnational criminal organizations on vulnerable Central Amer-ican populations, including women and chil-dren; (3) coordinating with the Department of State, the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, and international partners regarding United States efforts to counter human smugglers illegally transporting Central American migrants to the United States; (4) coordinating with the Department of State, the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, the United States Agency for Inter-national Development, and international partners, including the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, to increase pro-tections for vulnerable Central American populations, improve refugee processing, and strengthen asylum systems throughout the region; (5) coordinating with the Department of State, the Department of Defense, the De-partment of Justice (including the Drug En-forcement Administration), the Department of the Treasury, the intelligence community, and international partners regarding United States efforts to combat illicit narcotics traffickers, interdict transshipments of il-licit narcotics, and disrupt the financing of the illicit narcotics trade; (6) coordinating with the Department of State, the Department of the Treasury, the Department of Justice, the intelligence com-munity, the United States Agency for Inter-national Development, and international partners regarding United States efforts to combat corruption, money laundering, and illicit financial networks; (7) coordinating with the Department of State, the Department of Justice, the United States Agency for International Develop-ment, and international partners regarding United States efforts to strengthen the rule of law, democratic governance, and human rights protections; and (8) coordinating with the Department of State, the Department of Agriculture, the United States Agency for International De-velopment, the Overseas Private Investment Corporation, the United States Trade and Development Agency, the Department of Labor, and international partners, including the Inter-American Development Bank, to strengthen the foundation for inclusive eco-nomic growth and improve food security, in-vestment climate, and protections for labor rights. (d) CONSULTATION .—The Coordinator shall consult with Congress, multilateral organi-zations and institutions, foreign govern-ments, and domestic and international civil society organizations in carrying out this section. CHAPTER 2—TARGETING ASSISTANCE TO APPROPRIATE COMMUNITIES IN THE NORTHERN TRIANGLE 
SEC. l43. TARGETING ASSISTANCE TO APPRO-PRIATE COMMUNITIES. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act and annually there-after for each of the 5 succeeding years, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate, the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representa-tives that contains— (1) raw data on the number of children mi-grating to the United States from each com-munity or geographic area in the Northern Triangle; (2) an assessment of whether United States foreign assistance to the Northern Triangle is effectively reaching the communities and geographic areas from which children are migrating; and (3) an assessment of the extent to which the Department of State and the United States Agency for International Develop-ment are adjusting programming in the Northern Triangle as migration patterns shift. CHAPTER 3—REGIONAL MILLENNIUM CHALLENGE CORPORATION COMPACTS 
SEC. l44. MILLENNIUM CHALLENGE CORPORA-TION COMPACTS. 
(a) C ONCURRENT COMPACTS .—Section 609 of the Millennium Challenge Act of 2003 (22 U.S.C. 7708) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The Board may enter into a Compact with more than 1 eligible country in a region if the Board determines that a re-gional development strategy would further regional development objectives.’’; (2) in subsection (k)— (A) by striking the first sentence; and (B) by striking ‘‘the existing’’ and insert-ing ‘‘an existing’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(l) C
ONCURRENT COMPACTS .—In accordance with the requirements under this Act, an eli-gible country and the United States may enter into and have in effect more than 1 Compact at any given time, including a con-current Compact for purposes of regional economic integration or cross-border col-laborations, only if the Board determines that such country is making considerable and demonstrable progress in implementing the terms of the existing Compact and any supplementary agreements to such Com-pact.’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The Millen-nium Challenge Act of 2003 (22 U.S.C. 7701 et seq.; title VI of Public Law 108–199) is amend-ed— (1) in section 609(b) (22 U.S.C. 7708(b))— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘the national development strategy of the eligible country’’ and insert-ing ‘‘the national or regional development strategy of the country or countries’’; and (ii) in subparagraphs (A), (B), (E), and (J), by inserting ‘‘or countries’’ after ‘‘country’’ each place such term appears; and (B) in paragraph (3)— (i) by inserting ‘‘or regional development strategy’’ after ‘‘national development strat-egy’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘or governments of the countries in the case of regional invest-ments’’ after ‘‘government of the country’’; and (2) in section 613(b)(2)(A) (22 U.S.C. 7712(b)(2)(A)) by striking ‘‘the Compact’’ and inserting ‘‘any Compact’’. CHAPTER 4—UNITED STATES LEADER-SHIP FOR ENGAGING INTERNATIONAL DONORS AND PARTNERS 
SEC. l45. REQUIREMENT FOR STRATEGY TO SE-CURE SUPPORT OF INTERNATIONAL DONORS AND PARTNERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit a 3-year strategy to the appropriate congressional committees that— (1) describes how the United States will se-cure support from international donors and regional partners (including Colombia and Mexico) for the implementation of the Plan; (2) identifies governments that are willing to provide financial and technical assistance for the implementation of the Plan and a de-scription of such assistance; and (3) identifies the financial and technical assistance to be provided by multilateral in-stitutions, including the Inter-American De-velopment Bank, the World Bank, the Inter-national Monetary Fund, the Andean Devel-opment Corporation–Development Bank of Latin America, and the Organization of American States, and a description of such assistance. (b) D
IPLOMATIC ENGAGEMENT AND COORDI -
NATION .—The Secretary of State, in coordi-nation with the Secretary of the Treasury, as appropriate, shall— (1) carry out diplomatic engagement to se-cure contributions of financial and technical assistance from international donors and partners in support of the Plan; and (2) take all necessary steps to ensure effec-tive cooperation among international donors and partners supporting the Plan. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after submitting the strategy required under sub-section (a), the Secretary of State shall sub-mit a report to the appropriate congressional committees that describes— (1) the progress made in implementing the strategy; and (2) the financial and technical assistance provided by international donors and part-ners, including the multilateral institutions specified in subsection (a)(3). (d) B
RIEFINGS .—Upon a request from any of the appropriate congressional committees, the Secretary of State shall provide a brief-ing to such committee that describes the progress made in implementing the strategy required under subsection (a). (e) D
EFINED TERM.—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional commit-tees’’ means— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE6.026 S13FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES924 February 13, 2018 
(1) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (2) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; (3) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and (4) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
SA 1956. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SECTION ll. STATE-SPONSORED VISA PILOT PROGRAM. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘State Sponsored Visa Pilot Program Act of 2018’’. (b) S
TATE -SPONSORED NONIMMIGRANT PRO-
GRAM .—Section 101(a)(15) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (U)(iii), by striking the ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (V), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(W)(i) an alien who is sponsored by a State and who is coming temporarily to the United States to reside in the State to per-form services, provide capital investment, direct the operations of an enterprise, or otherwise contribute to the economic devel-opment agenda of the State in a manner de-termined by the State; and ‘‘(ii) the alien spouse and minor children of any alien described in clause (i).’’. (c) A
DMISSION OF STATE -SPONSORED NON-
IMMIGRANTS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR STATE -SPONSORED  
NONIMMIGRANTS .—Section 214 of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1184) is amended— (A) in subsection (h), by striking ‘‘(H)(i)(b) or (c), (L), or (V)’’ and inserting ‘‘(H)(i)(b), (H)(i)(c), (L), (V), or (W)’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(s) R
EQUIREMENTS APPLICABLE TO STATE - S
PONSORED NONIMMIGRANT VISAS.— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) R
ESIDE .—The term ‘reside’ means to live and establish a residence in a State for a consecutive period of more than 14 days (not including any period after the approval of the resident’s petition for immigrant sta-tus). ‘‘(B) S
ECRETARY .—Except as otherwise spe-cifically provided in this subsection, the term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of Homeland Security. ‘‘(C) S
TATE .—Notwithstanding section 101(a)(36), the term ‘State’ means a State of the United States and the District of Colum-bia. ‘‘(D) S
TATE -SPONSORED NONIMMIGRANT .— The term ‘State-sponsored nonimmigrant’ means an alien who has been sponsored by a State for admission under section 101(a)(15)(W). ‘‘(E) S
TATE -SPONSORED NONIMMIGRANT PRO -
GRAM .—The term ‘State-sponsored non-immigrant program’ means a nonimmigrant program to regulate the employment, invest-ment, and residence of State-sponsored non-immigrants. ‘‘(F) S
TATE -SPONSORED NONIMMIGRANT STA -
TUS.—The term ‘State-sponsored non-immigrant status’ means status granted to an alien admitted as a nonimmigrant pursu-ant to section 101(a)(15)(W). ‘‘(2) STATE -SPONSORED NONIMMIGRANT PRO -
GRAM .—Any State may submit an applica-tion to the Secretary to participate in the State-sponsored nonimmigrant program by sponsoring aliens for admission to the United States. ‘‘(3) S
TATE -SPONSORED NONIMMIGRANT PRO -
GRAM APPROVAL .—The Secretary shall ap-prove any application submitted by a State (or compact of States) under paragraph (2) for a State-sponsored nonimmigrant pro-gram that— ‘‘(A) was approved by the legislature of the State; ‘‘(B) regulates, in a manner determined by the State, the employment and residence of State-sponsored nonimmigrants; ‘‘(C) implements procedures, in a manner determined by the Secretary, to inform the Secretary of the failure of a nonimmigrant to comply with the terms of State-sponsored nonimmigrant status when the State is made aware of such failure; ‘‘(D) allows, in a manner determined by the State, a State-sponsored nonimmigrant who has been admitted to seek employment with an employer other than the employer with which the nonimmigrant was initially em-ployed; and ‘‘(E) implements procedures, in a manner determined by the Secretary, to annually in-form the Secretary of the address and em-ployment of all State-sponsored non-immigrants residing in the State. ‘‘(4) S
TATE PETITION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A State that partici-pates in the State-sponsored nonimmigrant program shall submit a petition in such form and containing such information as the Sec-retary shall specify to sponsor an alien under this subsection. ‘‘(B) A
PPROVAL .—A visa may not be grant-ed to an alien described in subparagraph (A) until the Secretary approves a petition sub-mitted pursuant to subparagraph (A). Such approval does not, of itself, establish that the alien is a nonimmigrant. ‘‘(C) F
EE.—A State that submits a petition under subparagraph (A) shall pay a fee in amount determined by the Secretary to cover the cost of the adjudication of the ap-plication. ‘‘(5) S
TATE -SPONSORED NONIMMIGRANTS .— The Secretary of State shall approve a non-immigrant visa for an alien and the Sec-retary of Homeland Security shall admit the alien to the United States as a State-spon-sored nonimmigrant or grant State-spon-sored nonimmigrant status to the alien if the alien— ‘‘(A) is otherwise admissible under this Act; ‘‘(B) has not been convicted of a felony, any crime of violence (as defined in section 16 of title 18, United States Code), or any crime of reckless driving or of driving while intoxicated or under the influence of alcohol or of prohibited substances; ‘‘(C) is petitioned for by a State that par-ticipates in the State-sponsored non-immigrant program approved by the Sec-retary under paragraph (3); ‘‘(D) has not previously violated any term or condition of State-sponsored non-immigrant status; and ‘‘(E) has paid any bond that the State may require under paragraph (13). ‘‘(6) P
ERIOD OF AUTHORIZED STATUS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The period of authorized status for a State-sponsored nonimmigrant shall be a period determined by the State, but may not exceed 3 years. ‘‘(B) R
ENEWAL .— ‘‘(i) L
OCATION .—Subject to clause (ii), the period of authorized status under subpara-graph (A) shall be renewable inside or out-side of the United States. ‘‘(ii) CONDITION .—Renewals under clause (i) may be granted only if— ‘‘(I) the sponsoring State requests such re-newal; and ‘‘(II) the State-sponsored nonimmigrant has resided continuously in such sponsoring State, or States subject to an interstate compact (not including any period of resi-dence after the approval of a petition for im-migrant status of which the alien is a bene-ficiary). ‘‘(C) T
ERMINATION .—The Secretary shall terminate the period of authorized status if— ‘‘(i) the State-sponsored nonimmigrant re-sides or works outside of the State, or States subject to an interstate compact under para-graph (7), that sponsored the alien; ‘‘(ii) the State-sponsored nonimmigrant fails to follow all rules and regulations re-quired by the State, as determined by the State (following any appeals process the State may create); or ‘‘(iii) the State that sponsored the non-immigrant requests that the status of the nonimmigrant be terminated (following any appeals process the State may create) unless another State sponsors the nonimmigrant. ‘‘(D) E
MPLOYMENT AUTHORIZATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—All aliens admitted as State-sponsored nonimmigrants under sec-tion 101(a)(15)(W)— ‘‘(I) shall be authorized for employment for purposes of section 274A; and ‘‘(II) shall be issued appropriate docu-mentation evidencing such authorization. ‘‘(ii) S
TATE REGULATION .—Notwithstanding clause (i), the employment of State-spon-sored nonimmigrants may be regulated in a manner determined by each State that par-ticipates in the State-sponsored non-immigrant program. ‘‘(7) S
TATE COMPACTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—States may enter into interstate compacts for the joint implemen-tation or administration of the State-spon-sored nonimmigrant program in such States. ‘‘(B) C
ONSIDERATION .—A State-sponsored nonimmigrant shall be considered to be sponsored by a State if the State-sponsored nonimmigrant is sponsored by any State subject to an interstate compact under sub-paragraph (A) and resides in any such State. ‘‘(8) A
PPEALS .— ‘‘(A) F
EDERAL APPEALS .—The denial of an application by a State to be a State-spon-sored nonimmigrant or the request to termi-nate the period of authorized status by a State— ‘‘(i) is not reviewable by any Federal de-partment, agency, or court; and ‘‘(ii) may not be grounds for an appeal of a termination of a visa or status for a State- sponsored nonimmigrant. ‘‘(B) S
TATE APPEALS .—At the sole discre-tion of the State and in a manner deter-mined by the State, a State that participates in the State-sponsored nonimmigrant pro-gram may create a process for a State-spon-sored nonimmigrant or an alien that has ap-plied for participation in the State-spon-sored nonimmigrant program in the State to appeal an adjudication of an application by the State or determination by the State that the State-sponsored nonimmigrant violated the terms or conditions that were created by the State for the participation of the alien in the State-sponsored nonimmigrant program in the State. ‘‘(9) W
AIVER OF RIGHTS PROHIBITED .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (C), a State-sponsored non-immigrant may not be required to waive any substantive rights or protections under this Act. ‘‘(B) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing under this paragraph may be construed to affect the in-terpretation of any other law. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE6.026 S13FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S925 February 13, 2018 
‘‘(C) E XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding sub-paragraph (A) or any other provision of law, an alien may not be provided State-spon-sored nonimmigrant status unless the alien has waived any right— ‘‘(i) to review or appeal under this Act of an immigration officer’s determination as to the admissibility of the alien at the port of entry into the United States; or ‘‘(ii) to contest or appeal, other than on the basis of an application for asylum, any action for removal of the alien. ‘‘(10) T
AX RESPONSIBILITIES .—An employer shall comply with all applicable Federal, State, and local tax laws with respect to each State-sponsored nonimmigrant em-ployed by the employer. ‘‘(11) L
ABOR AND TAX LAWS .—State-spon-sored nonimmigrants shall be subject to all Federal, State, and local laws regarding tax-ation, employment, or hiring of persons in the State. ‘‘(12) F
EDERAL PUBLIC BENEFITS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—State-sponsored non-immigrants— ‘‘(i) are not entitled to the premium assist-ance tax credit authorized under section 36B of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; ‘‘(ii) shall be subject to the rules applicable to individuals who are not lawfully present set forth in subsection (e) of such section; and ‘‘(iii)(I) shall not be allowed any credit under section 24 or 32 of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986; and ‘‘(II) in the case of a joint return, no credit shall be allowed under either such section if both spouses are State-sponsored non-immigrants. ‘‘(B) E
MPLOYER FEE .—For purposes of sub-sections (a)(2) and (b)(1)(B) of 4980H of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986, a State-spon-sored nonimmigrant shall be treated as a full-time employee certified as having en-rolled in a qualified health plan with respect to which an applicable premium tax credit or cost-sharing reduction is allowed or paid with respect to the employee. ‘‘(C) O
THER BENEFITS .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, a State-sponsored nonimmigrant shall not be eligible for— ‘‘(i) any assistance or benefits provided under a State program funded under the temporary assistance for needy families pro-gram under part A of title IV of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 601 et seq.); ‘‘(ii) any medical assistance provided under a State Medicaid plan under title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.) or under a waiver of such plan, other than emergency medical assistance provided under paragraphs (2) and (3) of section 1903(v), and any child health assistance pro-vided under a State child health plan under title XXI of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397aa et seq.) or under a waiver of such plan; ‘‘(iii) any benefits or assistance provided under the supplemental nutrition assistance program established under the Food and Nu-trition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2011 et seq.); ‘‘(iv) supplemental security income bene-fits provided under title XVI of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1381); ‘‘(v) Federal Pell Grants under section 401 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1070a); ‘‘(vi) housing vouchers under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f); ‘‘(vii) Federal old-age, survivors, and dis-ability insurance benefits under title II of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 401 et seq.); ‘‘(viii) health insurance benefits for the aged and disabled under the Medicare Pro-gram established under title XVIII of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.); or ‘‘(ix) assistance or benefits provided under the program of block grants to States for so-cial services under subtitle A of title XX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397 et seq.). ‘‘(D) EMPLOYER PAYMENTS .—An employer of a State-sponsored nonimmigrant shall pay into the general fund of the Treasury an amount equivalent to the Federal tax on the wages paid to the nonimmigrants that the employer would be obligated to pay under chapters 21 and 23 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 had the nonimmigrants been subject to such chapters, subject to the same penalties as provided for failure to pay such tax. ‘‘(E) I
NCLUSION OF NONIMMIGRANTS IN  
SAVE .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of the State Sponsored Visa Pilot Program Act of 2018, the Sec-retary shall modify the Systematic Alien Verification for Entitlements Program of the United States Citizenship and Immigra-tion Services to add any status under section 101(a)(15)(W) as an alien category that is in-eligible for any benefit program listed in subparagraph (C). ‘‘(13) B
ONDS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—States may require State-sponsored nonimmigrants to pay a bond in an amount determined by the State to incentivize voluntary compliance with the terms and conditions of the State-sponsored nonimmigrant program. ‘‘(B) S
TUDY .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—At the end of each fiscal year, the Inspector General of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security and the Comp-troller General of the United States shall each independently submit a report to the congressional committees specified in clause (iii) that identifies, for each State that par-ticipates in the State-sponsored non-immigrant program, the percentage of State- sponsored nonimmigrants that have resided or worked illegally in a State other than the State that sponsored them (not including any State-sponsored nonimmigrants who are beneficiaries of approved immigration peti-tions). ‘‘(ii) A
SSIGNMENT .—A State-sponsored non-immigrant who resides or works illegally in a State other than the State that sponsored them shall be assigned to the percentage of the State that initially sponsored the alien if the State participates in an interstate com-pact. ‘‘(iii) C
ONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES .—The congressional committees specified in this clause are— ‘‘(I) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; ‘‘(II) the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; ‘‘(III) the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity of the House of Representatives; and ‘‘(IV) the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives. ‘‘(C) M
ANDATORY BONDS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—During the first fiscal year following a determination under sub-paragraph (B) by the Comptroller General or the Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security that more than 3 percent of the State-sponsored nonimmigrants spon-sored by a State violated the terms and con-ditions of State-sponsored nonimmigrant status in the most recently completed fiscal year, the State shall require each State- sponsored nonimmigrant in the State, as a condition of participation in the State-spon-sored nonimmigrant program, to post a bond equal to not less than $4,000. ‘‘(ii) S
UBSEQUENT BONDS .—The bond amount under clause (i) shall be raised by $1,000 during each fiscal year following a sub-sequent determination under subparagraph (B) by the Comptroller General or the In-spector General of the Department of Home-land Security that more than 3 percent of the State-sponsored nonimmigrants spon-sored by the State violated the terms and conditions of State-sponsored nonimmigrant status in the most recently completed fiscal year. ‘‘(iii) INFLATION ADJUSTMENT .—Effective for the first fiscal year that begins more than 6 months after the date of the enact-ment of the State Sponsored Visa Pilot Pro-gram Act of 2018, and for each fiscal year thereafter, the amounts described in this subparagraph shall be increased by the per-centage (if any) by which the Consumer Price Index for the month of June preceding the date on which such increase takes effect exceeds the Consumer Price Index for all urban consumers published by the Depart-ment of Labor for the same month of the preceding calendar year. ‘‘(D) R
EIMBURSEMENT OF BONDS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Bonds paid to a State under this paragraph shall be reimbursed to any State-sponsored nonimmigrant that has not worked or resided in a State other than the State that sponsored the nonimmigrant or otherwise resided in the United States without status under the immigration laws in accordance with this subparagraph. ‘‘(ii) F
ULL REIMBURSEMENT .—The full amount of the bond shall be reimbursed in full immediately after— ‘‘(I)(aa) the alien applies to the Secretary of State (or the designee of such Secretary) at a United States embassy, consulate, or, if specified by the Secretary, other locations outside the United States; and ‘‘(bb) in connection with the application, the State-sponsored nonimmigrant confirms his or her identity, or verifies his or her de-parture at such time from the United States pursuant to a biometric entry and exit data system; ‘‘(II) an approved petition for lawful per-manent residency is approved on behalf of the State-sponsored nonimmigrant; or ‘‘(III) the State-sponsored nonimmigrant dies. ‘‘(iii) P
AYEE .— ‘‘(I) D
EATH OF NONIMMIGRANT .—Upon the death of a State-sponsored nonimmigrant, payment shall be immediately paid to such State-sponsored nonimmigrant’s next of kin, as designated by such State-sponsored non-immigrant on the application to be a State- sponsored nonimmigrant. ‘‘(II) B
ANK ACCOUNT .—A State-sponsored nonimmigrant may specify on the applica-tion to be a State-sponsored nonimmigrant a bank account to which such amount be sent after the satisfaction of a condition specified in clause (ii). ‘‘(iv) D
ENIAL OF REIMBURSEMENT .—Funds of a State-sponsored nonimmigrant held under this paragraph may not be denied by a State to the nonimmigrant unless the State dem-onstrates, by clear and convincing evidence, that the nonimmigrant knowingly violated a term or condition of State-sponsored non-immigrant status— ‘‘(I) by failing to depart the United States at the end of the period of authorized status; or ‘‘(II) working or residing in a State that did not sponsor the nonimmigrant. ‘‘(v) N
OTICE .—The Secretary of State, in conjunction with the Secretary of Homeland Security, shall inform the State that the State-sponsored nonimmigrant has complied with clause (i). ‘‘(14) P
ENALTIES .—If a State-sponsored non-immigrant works or resides outside of the State, or any of the States under an inter-state compact that sponsored the non-immigrant or fails to comply with any term or condition of State-sponsored non-immigrant status, the Secretary shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE6.027 S13FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES926 February 13, 2018 
‘‘(A) revoke the employment authorization of such nonimmigrant; and ‘‘(B) initiate and expedited removal in ac-cordance with section 235. ‘‘(15) S
TATE ENFORCEMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A State that partici-pates in the State-sponsored nonimmigrant program may enforce all rules and regula-tions of the State-sponsored nonimmigrant program in the State against employers to the same extent as any other labor laws under State law. ‘‘(B) A
PPREHENSION .—As a condition of par-ticipation in the State-sponsored non-immigrant program, a State shall reimburse any other State and any Federal agency that has apprehended and detained a State-spon-sored nonimmigrant sponsored by the State for the full costs of apprehension, detention, or removal of the nonimmigrant upon re-quest of the apprehending State or Federal agency. ‘‘(C) P
ROCESS .—The Secretary shall estab-lish a process through which a State may seek reimbursement under subparagraph (B). ‘‘(16) S
USPENSION OF PROGRAM APPROVAL .— The Secretary shall suspend admissions under the State-sponsored nonimmigrant program for any State that fails— ‘‘(A) to reimburse another State or a Fed-eral agency under paragraph (15)(B) not later than 1 year after a final judgment against the State; or ‘‘(B) to reimburse, in accordance with paragraph (13)(D), a State-sponsored non-immigrant who— ‘‘(i) has departed the United States; ‘‘(ii) did not seek employment without au-thorization in a State that did not sponsor the nonimmigrant; and ‘‘(iii) did not otherwise reside in the United States without status under the immigration laws. ‘‘(17) F
EES.— ‘‘(A) F
EDERAL FEES .—A State shall pay a fee to the Secretary for each year in which the State participates in the State-sponsored nonimmigrant program in an amount deter-mined by the Secretary to be necessary to cover the Federal costs of overseeing the State-sponsored nonimmigrant program in the State. ‘‘(B) S
TATE FEES .—Nothing in this sub-section may be construed to limit or regu-late fees required by the State for State- sponsored nonimmigrants or employers of State-sponsored nonimmigrants. ‘‘(18) N
UMERICAL LIMITATIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The total number of aliens who may be issued visas or otherwise provided State-sponsored nonimmigrant sta-tus under this subsection during any fiscal year may not exceed the total number of visas computed under subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) D
ISTRIBUTION .—Subject to subpara-graphs (C), (D), and (E), the number of State- sponsored nonimmigrant visas made avail-able in a fiscal year to a State that partici-pates in the State-sponsored nonimmigrant program shall be the sum of— ‘‘(i) 5,000; ‘‘(ii) the sum of the amounts computed under subparagraphs (C) and (D) in the prior year; and ‘‘(iii) the percentage of the total popu-lation in all States participating in the State-sponsored nonimmigrant program rep-resented by the population of that State multiplied by the sum of— ‘‘(I) 245,000; ‘‘(II) the number of nonparticipating States multiplied by 5,000; and ‘‘(III) the total number of visas available in the previous fiscal year that were revoked or not used. ‘‘(C) E
CONOMIC GROWTH .—The amounts computed under subparagraphs (A) and (B) for the prior fiscal year shall be adjusted an-nually in proportion to the percentage in-crease or decrease in the Gross Domestic Product of the United States in the prior year, as determined by the Bureau of Eco-nomic Analysis of the Department of Com-merce. ‘‘(D) COMPLIANCE .— ‘‘(i) I
NCREASES .—The number of State- sponsored nonimmigrant visas made avail-able to a State under subparagraph (C) shall be increased by 10 percent over the prior fis-cal year in each fiscal year immediately fol-lowing a fiscal year in which less than 3 per-cent of the State-sponsored nonimmigrants sponsored by the State violated the terms and conditions of State-sponsored non-immigrant status, as determined by the In-spector General of the Department of Home-land Security or the Comptroller General of the United States in the reports required under paragraph (13)(B). ‘‘(ii) D
ECREASES .—The number of State- sponsored nonimmigrant visas made avail-able to a State under subparagraph (C) shall be decreased by 50 percent in each fiscal year immediately following a fiscal year in which more than 3 percent of the State-sponsored nonimmigrants sponsored by the State com-plied with the terms and conditions of State- sponsored nonimmigrant status, as deter-mined by the Inspector General of the De-partment of Homeland Security or the Comptroller General of the United States in the reports required under paragraph (13)(B). ‘‘(iii) S
USPENSION .—State-sponsored non-immigrant visas shall not be made available for a State during the 5-year period following four consecutive fiscal years in which more than 3 percent of the State-sponsored non-immigrants sponsored by the State violated the terms and conditions of State-sponsored nonimmigrant status, as determined by the Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security or the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States in the reports re-quired under paragraph (13)(B). ‘‘(E) P
RINCIPAL ALIENS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The numerical limita-tions under this paragraph shall apply only to principal aliens being admitted to the United States from abroad and not to aliens accompanying or following to join the prin-cipal alien under section 101(a)(15)(W)(ii) or aliens previously admitted. ‘‘(ii) S
TATE EXCLUSION .—The Secretary may not grant a visa or status to an alien who is not the principal alien sponsored by a State if the State request that no such aliens be admitted. ‘‘(19) A
DMISSIBILITY DETERMINATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—At the request of a State that participates in the State-based nonimmigrant program, the Secretary shall waive the grounds of inadmissibility under subparagraphs (A), (B), (C), and (G) of section 212(a)(6), paragraphs (7) and (9) of section 212(a), and sections 240B(d)(1)(B) and 241(a)(5) and the grounds of deportability under sub-paragraphs (A) through (D) of section 237(a)(1) and section 237(a)(3) on behalf of an alien described in subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) A
LIENS DESCRIBED .—An alien de-scribed in this subsection is an alien who— ‘‘(i) was physically present in the United States on December 31, 2016; ‘‘(ii) is sponsored by a State under the State-based nonimmigrant program; ‘‘(iii) otherwise meets the requirements of State-based nonimmigrant status under paragraph (4); and ‘‘(iv) fulfills the requirements under para-graph (20). ‘‘(C) S
AVINGS PROVISION .—Nothing in this paragraph may be construed to exempt an alien described in subparagraph (B) or the State from the numerical limitation under paragraph (18). ‘‘(20) R
EQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) APPLICATION .—An alien may apply to the Secretary for a waiver of inadmissibility or deportability under paragraph (19) concur-rently with an application for a visa or sta-tus under section 101(a)(15)(W). ‘‘(B) E
VIDENCE OF PRESENCE OR EMPLOY -
MENT .— ‘‘(i) C
ONCLUSIVE DOCUMENTS .—An alien may conclusively demonstrate presence in the United States in compliance with paragraph (19)(B)(i) by submitting records dem-onstrating such presence that have been maintained by the Social Security Adminis-tration, the Internal Revenue Service, or any other Federal, State, or local government agency or educational institution. ‘‘(ii) O
THER DOCUMENTS .—An alien who is unable to submit a document described in subparagraph (A) may satisfy the require-ments under this section by submitting at least three other types of reliable documents that provide evidence of presence, employ-ment or study in the United States, includ-ing— ‘‘(I) bank or remittance records; ‘‘(II) business or employer records; ‘‘(III) records of any organization that as-sists workers in employment; ‘‘(IV) education records; and ‘‘(V) deeds, mortgages, or contracts to which the alien has been a party. ‘‘(C) F
EES.— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—An alien submitting an application under subparagraph (A) shall pay a fee in an amount determined by the Sec-retary to be necessary to cover the cost of adjudicating the application and reviewing the application for fraud. ‘‘(ii) P
ENALTY .—In addition to the fee under clause (i), an alien seeking a waiver under paragraph (19) shall pay a penalty of not less than $1,000, which shall be deposited into the Treasury of the United States after the approval of the application under sub-paragraph (A). ‘‘(D) C
RIMINAL PENALTY .— ‘‘(i) V
IOLATION .—It shall be unlawful for any person to knowingly— ‘‘(I) file, or assist in filing, an application under this paragraph if such application— ‘‘(aa) falsifies, misrepresents, conceals, or covers up a material fact; ‘‘(bb) makes any false, fictitious, or fraud-ulent statements or representations; or ‘‘(cc) makes or uses any false writing or document knowing the same to contain any false, fictitious, or fraudulent statement or entry; or ‘‘(II) create or supply a false writing or document for use in making such an applica-tion. ‘‘(ii) P
ENALTY .—Any person who violates clause (i) shall be fined in accordance with title 18, United States Code, imprisoned not more than 5 years, or both. ‘‘(iii) I
NADMISSIBILITY .—An alien who is convicted of violating clause (i) shall be con-sidered to be inadmissible to the United States on the ground described in section 212(a)(6)(C)(i) and subject to immediate re-moval from the United States. ‘‘(E) F
RAUD PREVENTION PROGRAM .—The Secretary and the Attorney General shall jointly develop an administrative program to prevent fraud with respect to applications submitted under this paragraph that pro-vides for— ‘‘(i) fraud prevention training for adminis-trative adjudicators; ‘‘(ii) the regular audit of pending and ap-proved applications for examples and pat-terns of fraud or abuse; ‘‘(iii) the receipt and evaluation of reports of fraud or abuse; ‘‘(iv) the identification of deficiencies in administrative practice or procedure that encourage fraud or abuse; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE6.027 S13FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S927 February 13, 2018 
‘‘(v) the remedy of any identified defi-ciencies, and ‘‘(vi) the referral of cases of identified or suspected fraud or other misconduct for in-vestigation. ‘‘(F) I
NELIGIBLE ALIENS .— ‘‘(i) R
EMOVAL AUTHORIZED .—Except as pro-vided in clause (ii), if the Secretary makes a final determination to deny an application under this section, the Secretary shall place the applicant in removal proceedings to which the alien would otherwise be subject. ‘‘(ii) A
LIENS WITH PRIOR ORDERS .—If the final determination to deny an application concerns an alien with an existing order of exclusion, deportation, removal, or vol-untary departure from the United States, such order shall be enforced to the same ex-tent as if the application had not been made. ‘‘(G) E
MPLOYMENT RECORDS .—Copies of em-ployment records or other evidence of em-ployment provided by an alien or by an alien’s employer in support of an alien’s ap-plication under this subsection may not be used in a civil or criminal prosecution or in-vestigation of that employer under section 247A or the tax laws of the United States for the prior unlawful employment of that alien, regardless of the adjudication of such appli-cation or reconsideration by the Secretary of such alien’s prima facie eligibility deter-mination. Employers that provide unauthor-ized aliens with copies of employment records or other evidence of employment pursuant to an application under this title shall not be subject to civil and criminal li-ability pursuant to such section 274A for em-ploying such unauthorized aliens. The pro-tections for employers and aliens shall not apply if the aliens or employers submit em-ployment records that are deemed to be fraudulent. ‘‘(H) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this sub-section may be construed to limit the au-thority of the State to require additional monetary penalties, other evidence of phys-ical presence, or any other requirement for aliens described in paragraph (19)(B) to par-ticipate in the State-based nonimmigrant program in such State.’’. (2) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—Section 242(a)(2) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1252(a)(2)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) J
UDICIAL REVIEW OF CERTAIN ELIGI -
BILITY DETERMINATIONS .—If an alien’s appli-cation under section 214(s)(20) is denied or re-voked, judicial review shall be instituted in the United States District Court for the Dis-trict of Columbia and shall be limited to de-terminations of the constitutionality of sec-tion 214(s), or any regulations implemented pursuant to such section.’’. (3) N
ONIMMIGRANTS WITH APPROVED IMMI -
GRANT PETITIONS .—Section 245 of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1255) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) by striking ‘‘if (1) the alien’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘if— ‘‘(1) the alien’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘adjustment, (2) the alien’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘adjustment; ‘‘(2) the alien’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘residence, and (3) an im-migrant visa’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘residence; and ‘‘(3) an immigrant visa’’; and (iv) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘him at the time his application is filed’’ and insert-ing ‘‘the alien at the time the alien’s appli-cation is adjudicated’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(n) A
DJUSTMENT OF STATUS APPLICATION  A
FTER AN APPROVED IMMIGRANT PETITION .— ‘‘(1) A
PPLICATION .—An alien who has an ap-proved immigrant petition may file an ad-justment of status application under sub-section (a), which shall remain pending until a visa number becomes available. ‘‘(2) STATUS .—An alien who has properly filed an adjustment of status application under subsection (a) shall, throughout the pendency of such application— ‘‘(A) have a lawful status and be considered lawfully present for purposes of section 212; and ‘‘(B) following a biometric background check, be eligible for employment and travel authorization incident to such status.’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the first day of the first fiscal year that begins after the date of the enactment of this Act. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I have 5 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
The Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, February 13, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a closed hearing. 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
The Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, February 13, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Im-proving Animal Health: Reauthoriza-tion of FDA Animal Drug User Fees.’’ 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Select Committee on Intel-ligence is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, February 13, 2018, at 9:30 a.m., to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘Worldwide Threats’’. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Select Committee on Intel-ligence is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, February 13, 2018, at 2:30 p.m., to con-duct a closed hearing. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON CYBERSECURITY  
The Subcommittee on Cybersecurity of the Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, February 13, 2018, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hearing. 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Wednesday, Feb-ruary 14; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning business be closed; I further ask that following leader remarks, the Senate resume and vote on the motion to proceed to H.R. 2579. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Senator M
ORAN . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Kansas. 
f 
TRIBAL LABOR SOVEREIGNTY ACT Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, this week, the National Congress of Amer-ican Indians is holding its Executive Council Winter Session here in the Na-tion’s Capital, and Tribes and Tribal leaders throughout the Nation are here to meet and to confer and advocate on policies that are important to them and to their Tribal members. I welcome them to Washington, DC, and I encour-age them to make known to us as Members of the Senate things that are important to them as Tribal leaders and things that matter directly to their Tribal members. One of the priorities that I know exist is the issue of Tribal sovereignty. Throughout the conversations you have with Tribal leaders, there is the importance of maintaining the sov-ereignty of their Tribe. Tonight, I want to highlight for my colleagues S. 140, a package of Tribal bills that includes the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act, which I introduced here in the Senate some time ago. By moving forward on this legisla-tion, and with its passage, we would re-turn to the days where the law was as it existed for 70 years after the passage of the National Labor Relations Act. That was true for 70 years until the Na-tional Labor Relations Board stripped the Tribes of their governmental status under NLRA. Passage of this legisla-tion would correct this decade-old error made by the NRLB. The National Labor Relations Act was passed in 1935. It exempted public sector employees of Federal, State, and local governments. Although it was not explicitly included, Tribal govern-ments had their sovereign status re-spected by the NLRB for the next 70 years. This approach caused no prob-lems and was what was expected. Yet, in 2004, the National Labor Rela-tions Board abruptly reversed its treat-ment of Tribal governments to enact right-to-work laws. Tribes have strug-gled to find economic success and pro-vide for their people, and many of them still do, but the NLRB has now intruded on the gains that have been made. The Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act that was introduced, and will be before 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE6.027 S13FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES928 February 13, 2018 
the Senate before long, is pretty straightforward. It is straightforward. It amends the National Labor Rela-tions Act to exempt Tribal-owned enti-ties operated on Tribal-owned lands— no more, no less. Businesses owned by individual Tribal members or any oper-ations off the Tribal lands still remain subject to the scrutiny of the National Labor Relations Board. In 2013, the U.S. Senate voted on the reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act. It included new authorities for Tribal governments to protect Native American women, in-cluding when harmed by non-Indians. With VAWA’s passage, Congress placed our trust in Tribes to exact justice. We rightly determined that Tribes should have the ability to punish Indian and non-Indian offenders, but today it is being argued we cannot trust Tribes or Tribal members to justly treat Indian and non-Indian employees. Many Tribes have the highest wages and provide the best benefits in their region. Tribal jobs are coveted because prospective employees know they are good jobs. In 2015, the Indian Affairs Com-mittee, of which I am a member, held a legislative hearing on TLSA, the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act. Testifying that day, among others, was Robert Welch, chairman of the Viejas Band of Kumeyaay Indians in California. That Tribe is a unionized Tribe, but Chair-man Welch testified in support of the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act. Many Tribes do welcome labor unions, and that is all fine. The point here is, the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act says it is up to Tribes to decide, not the NLRB. More than 160 Tribes and Tribal organi-zations support this legislation. In my view, the vote I seek shouldn’t be seen as anything partisan. I have worked to pass this legislation without a recorded vote. I have taken it to the floor to do a live UC request but was met with objections. I have worked to get it included in appropriations bills, and yet, at the last minute, it was al-ways forced to be withdrawn, which brings us close to a floor vote on this legislation. Nearly two dozen Democrats, Mem-bers of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, including a Member from the Democratic leadership, supported this legislation in January, as it passed the House of Representatives in a strong bipartisan way. We also have strong bi-partisan backing of this legislation in the U.S. Senate. In fact, the Indian Af-fairs Committee reported this legisla-tion out by a voice vote last summer. My point is, the bill is not about labor. This is about the ability of Trib-al governments to provide vital serv-ices without intrusion. That was the point of the NLRA exemption. Jefferson Keel, who is the President of the National Congress of American Indians, wrote this week: 
Tribes make an array of public services available to their tribal citizens and other local residents: law enforcement, fire and EMS departments, schools and hospitals, and natural resource management. All tribal governments play critical roles in ensuring the safety, health, and stability of tribal and surrounding communities. That is why cities and counties— local units of government, govern-mental entities—are excluded from NLRB, and that is why Tribes should also be excluded. Eighty years later, why is it that every other form of government in this country is treated one way and Tribes are treated a different way? Why do Tribes have to accept this Federal in-trusion? The answer is, they should not. This is a matter of sovereignty, and they should be treated just like every other governmental entity under this law. Members of this Chamber should be-lieve that Tribal governments, elected by their members, possess the right to make informed decisions on behalf of those they represent. I say they do. If their Tribal members believe they have made errors, then they, too, are subject to elections, just like we are. I rise this evening to encourage my colleagues to reach that same conclu-sion; that sovereignty is an important component of the way we should treat Native Americans and that Tribes should have the ability to manage their affairs on Tribal lands with Trib-al businesses. I urge my colleagues to vote that way when this legislation reaches the Senate floor. I yield the floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. J
OHNSON ). Under the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 10 a.m. tomorrow. Thereupon, the Senate, at 6:36 p.m., adjourned until Wednesday, February 14, 2018, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY  
BRENT K. PARK, OF TENNESSEE, TO BE DEPUTY AD-MINISTRATOR FOR DEFENSE NUCLEAR NONPROLIFERA-TION, NATIONAL NUCLEAR SECURITY ADMINISTRATION, VICE ANNE M. HARRINGTON. 
DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE  
JEFFREY NADANER, OF MARYLAND, TO BE AN ASSIST-ANT SECRETARY OF COMMERCE, VICE DAVID W. MILLS, RETIRED. 
DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY  
CHARLES P. RETTIG, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE COMMIS-SIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE FOR THE TERM EXPIR-ING NOVEMBER 12, 2022, VICE JOHN ANDREW KOSKINEN, TERM EXPIRED. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
JONATHAN R. COHEN, OF CALIFORNIA, A CAREER MEM-BER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MIN-ISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE DEPUTY REPRESENTATIVE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE UNITED NA-TIONS, WITH THE RANK AND STATUS OF AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY, AND THE DEPUTY REPRESENTATIVE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA IN THE SECURITY COUNCIL OF THE UNITED NA-TIONS. JONATHAN R. COHEN, OF CALIFORNIA, A CAREER MEM-BER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MIN-ISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE SESSIONS OF THE GENERAL ASSEMBLY OF THE UNITED NATIONS, DURING HIS TENURE OF SERVICE AS DEPUTY REPRESENTATIVE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE UNITED NA-TIONS. HARRY B. HARRIS, JR., OF FLORIDA, TO BE AMBAS-SADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE COMMON-WEALTH OF AUSTRALIA. DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY  
CHRISTOPHER KREBS, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE UNDER SEC-RETARY FOR NATIONAL PROTECTION AND PROGRAMS, DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY, VICE GEORGE W. FORESMAN, RESIGNED. 
OFFICE OF GOVERNMENT ETHICS  
EMORY A. ROUNDS III, OF MAINE, TO BE DIRECTOR OF THE OFFICE OF GOVERNMENT ETHICS FOR A TERM OF FIVE YEARS, VICE WALTER M. SHAUB, JR., RESIGNED. 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
DAVID R. ADDAMS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be major 
PANKAJ A. KSHEERSAGAR THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
MICHAEL P. SARGENT THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be major 
STEVEN M. HEMMANN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR ARMY JUDGE ADVOCATE GENERAL’S CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 531 AND 3064: 
To be major 
NICHOLAS E. HURD THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
MICHAEL C. AGBAY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
JAY A. IANNACITO 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR MARINE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C. SECTION 531: 
To be major 
NATALIE E. MOORE BROOKE J. SPEERS 
FOREIGN SERVICE  
THE FOLLOWING-NAMED CAREER MEMBERS OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF AG-RICULTURE FOR PROMOTION WITHIN THE SENIOR FOR-EIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, CLASS OF CAREER MINISTER: KAREN S. SLITER, OF MICHIGAN ELIA P. VANECHANOS, OF NEW HAMPSHIRE 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate February 13, 2018: 
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION  
ADAM J. SULLIVAN, OF IOWA, TO BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF TRANSPORTATION. RONALD L. BATORY, OF NEW JERSEY, TO BE ADMINIS-TRATOR OF THE FEDERAL RAILROAD ADMINISTRATION. 
FEDERAL MOTOR CARRIER SAFETY  
ADMINISTRATION  
RAYMOND MARTINEZ, OF NEW JERSEY, TO BE ADMIN-ISTRATOR OF THE FEDERAL MOTOR CARRIER SAFETY ADMINISTRATION. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G13FE6.027 S13FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE169 February 13, 2018 
ANNOUNCEMENT OF THE 2018 CON-GRESS-BUNDESTAG/BUNDESRAT EXCHANGE 
HON. PAUL D. RYAN 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 13, 2018 Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, since 1983, the U.S. Congress and the German Bundestag and Bundesrat have conducted an annual exchange program for staff members from both countries. The program gives pro-fessional staff the opportunity to observe and learn about each other’s political institutions and interact on issues of mutual interest. A staff delegation from the U.S. Congress will be selected to visit Germany for nine days from Saturday, June 30–Sunday, July 8, 2018. During this nine-day exchange, the delegation will attend meetings with Bundestag/Bundesrat Members, Bundestag and Bundesrat party staff members, and representatives of numer-ous political, business, academic, and media agencies. A comparable delegation of German staff members will visit the United States for nine days from Saturday, September 29–Sunday, October 7, 2018. They will attend similar meetings here in Washington. The Congress-Bundestag/Bundesrat Ex-change is highly regarded in Germany and the United States, and is one of several exchange programs sponsored by public and private in-stitutions in the United States and Germany to foster better understanding of the politics and policies of both countries. This exchange is funded by the U.S. Department of State’s Bu-reau of Educational and Cultural Affairs. The U.S. delegation should consist of expe-rienced and accomplished Hill staff who can contribute to the success of the exchange on both sides of the Atlantic. The Bundestag re-ciprocates by sending senior staff profes-sionals to the United States. Applicants should have a demonstrable in-terest in events in Europe. Applicants need not be working in the field of foreign affairs, al-though such a background can be helpful. The composite U.S. delegation should exhibit a range of expertise in issues of mutual concern to the United States and Germany such as, but not limited to, trade, security, the environ-ment, economic development, health care, and other social policy issues. This year’ s delegation should be familiar with transatlantic relations within the context of recent world events. Please note that the U.S. participants are expected to plan and implement the meetings and program for the Bundestag/Bundesrat staff members when they visit the United States. Participants are selected by a committee composed of personnel from the Bureau of Educational and Cultural Affairs of the Depart-ment of State and past participants of the ex-change. Members of the House and Senate who would like a member of their staff to apply for participation in this year’s program should di-rect them to submit a resume and cover letter in which they state their qualifications, the contributions they can make to a successful program and some assurances of their ability to participate during the time stated. Applications should be sent to the Office of Interparliamentary Affairs, HC–4, the Capitol, by 5 p.m. on Thursday, March 22, 2018. 
f 
FOOTHILLS INTEGRATED HEALTH 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 13, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Foothills Inte-grated Health for receiving the 2017 West Chamber of Commerce Woman-Owned Busi-ness of the Year Award. Raised by entrepreneurial parents, Dr. Darcy Koehn has always had a strong entre-preneurial spirit and drive to succeed. Working in the healthcare industry for the last 15 years has afforded her the opportunity to collaborate with many different people and a variety of or-ganizations with diverse practices and philoso-phies. Dr. Darcy started Foothills Integrated Health as a chiropractor 11 years ago with a focus on a holistic approach to pain manage-ment and whole-body wellness. After recognizing a need to diversify her practice, Dr. Darcy became a Family Nurse Practitioner with a focus on functional and re-generative medicine to provide the best care for patients. She currently holds a Doctorate in Chiropractic, Master of Science in Nursing, Bachelor of Science in Nursing, Bachelor of Science in Biomedical Science, Bachelor of Science in Anatomy and a Bachelor of Science in Health and Wellness. Dr. Darcy’s training and education has allowed her prac-tice to flourish and provide care to those in need. I extend my deepest congratulations to Foothills Integrated Health for this well-de-served recognition by the West Chamber of Commerce. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF WILLIAM COLE DOTSON, CAPTAIN, USN (RET.) 
HON. MARK WALKER 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 13, 2018 Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and remember William Cole Dotson, 92, Captain, USN (Ret.). Bill Dotson peacefully passed away on February 2, 2018, at his home in Pittsboro, North Carolina. Bill was born and raised in Hodgenville, Kentucky, the oldest of three siblings. Growing up during the Great Depression, he worked hard to help his family make ends meet, and never lost his af-fection for Hodgenville, his grandparents’ farm, and the people who always knew him as ‘‘Billy Cole.’’ The values of thrift, work and self-reli-ance he developed there defined him through-out his life. Capt. Dotson had a long, distinguished naval career, holding command positions both at-sea and ashore. He enlisted during World War II, served in 1944 and 1945 and then was selected to attend the U.S. Naval Academy where he graduated in 1949. Bill served on the USS Fred T. Berry (DDE– 858) from 1949 to 1951 where he was de-ployed to Korea. From 1951 to 1952 he was assigned to the USS Ingersol (DD–652). In 1952 he completed submarine training and from 1953 to 1955 was aboard the USS Tirante (SS–420). From 1955 to 1957, he taught NROTC at the University of Louisville in Louisville, Ken-tucky, while concurrently earning a Masters Degree in Business Administration. He met his wife Katherine there in 1955. They were mar-ried the following year and became lifelong companions, having four sons and traveling the world with the Navy. From 1957 to 1958, he was an Engineering Officer on the USS Trumpetfish (SS–425) and from 1958 to 1960 he was the Executive Offi-cer of the USS Sennet (SS–408). In 1962 he completed the U.S. Naval Postgraduate School in Monterey, California, and then began service as Commanding Officer of the submarine USS Medregal (SS–480). From 1964 to 1967 he was the Head of the Plans and Programs Section of the Fleet Ballistic Missile Project Office in Washington, D.C. From 1967 to 1969, he was the Readiness Of-ficer for COMSUBFLOTSIX. From 1969 to 1971, he was the Com-manding Officer of the USS Observation Is-land (AG–154) which successfully conducted operational testing of the Poseidon missile. For his outstanding performance and inspiring devotion to duty as Commanding Officer, he was awarded the Meritorious Service Award. From 1971 to 1973, he was the Torpedo Systems Division Head at the Naval Ordnance Systems Command. From 1974 to 1976, he was the Chief of Staff at COMNAVMARIANAS in Guam. In this position he supervised the urgent Vietnamese refugee program, involving the processing, care, and onward routing of some 110,000 ref-ugees after the fall of Saigon in 1975. He was awarded the Legion of Merit for his excep-tional performance and leadership of the pro-gram. He was also awarded the Joint Service Commendation Medal for his meritorious work in planning, directing and coordinating all as-pects of the island’s preparation for Typhoon Pamela and the ensuing recovery operations. That storm disabled Guam’s power, water, and telephone systems and badly damaged thousands of homes. In 1976 he and his family returned to the mainland and he served as Commanding Offi-cer at NAVSEACENLANT in Norfolk, Virginia earning the Meritorious Service Medal. He served in this position until he retired in 1979. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13FE8.001 E13FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE170 February 13, 2018 
After his Navy retirement, Captain Dotson continued to support the Navy’s mission in the private sector, applying his expertise to a vari-ety of logistical and training projects. In his lei-sure time, he was an active Rotary Club mem-ber and bridge player and helped Katherine with her participation in weekend art festivals. Committed to the value of higher education, Bill took deep satisfaction in supporting the educational goals of his family and helped many earn undergraduate and graduate de-grees. In 2011, Bill and Katherine relocated to North Carolina to be near their family. Bill de-lighted in the company of his children and six grandchildren. In addition to his wife, Katherine, he is sur-vived by his sons, Mike, Jeff, Doug and Greg, their loving spouses, Patti, Maura, and Janine, and his grandchildren, Marli, Reed, Dahlia, Skyler, Julian and Bryce. 
f 
HONORING KELLI MAHER 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 13, 2018 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the selfless action of my constituent, Kelli Maher, of LaFayette. Kelli is an extraor-dinary woman, who donated her kidney to child in need. After learning she was unable to donate a kidney to a friend in need, Kelli Maher decided to volunteer her kidney for someone else. For 8-year-old Cecilia Brown from Ilion, Kelli Maher’s transplant was the ultimate Christmas present. For her parents, it was a Christmas miracle. Kelli’s compassion saved Cecilia’s life. Research shows that while most New York-ers support organ donation, only 28 percent of New York’s eligible population is enrolled as an organ donor. I’m proud to honor Kelli today. Her act of kindness made a real difference, and changed a young girl and her family’s lives forever. 
f 
CONGRATULATING DEBBIE WILSON FOR 28 GREAT YEARS AT THE ALVIN SUN 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 13, 2018 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Debbie Wilson on her contribution of 28 years of freelance photography for the Alvin Sun and congratulate her on her retire-ment. Debbie is retiring after almost three decades of photographing sports for the Alvin Sun. Dur-ing her tenure, Debbie traveled around the state to cover Alvin Yellowjacket teams and Manvel Mavericks state title appearances. Her last assignment was the Mavericks’ state foot-ball championship game in December. Her photos have earned awards from the Texas Community Newspaper and Texas Press As-sociations, and have played a role in helping the newspaper win numerous awards for their sports coverage. She is a fantastic photog-rapher and her talent will be missed by both her coworkers and by the teams that she pho-tographed. On behalf of the Twenty-Second District of Texas, thank you again to Debbie Wilson for 28 years of outstanding work at the Alvin Sun. I wish her good luck in her retirement. f 
RECOGNIZING THE AIR FORCE EN-LISTED VILLAGE, CELEBRATING THEIR 50TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. MATT GAETZ 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 13, 2018 Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize an organization of true American heroes and patriots. Over fifty years ago, a survey by military or-ganizations found that over 50,000 widows of retired military members were living in poverty. U.S. Air Force members found this news to be a travesty and decided to do something about it. On January 17, 1968, the Airmen’s Widows and Dependents Home Foundation (now Air Force Enlisted Village) was incorporated with the mission to provide senior housing to wid-ows of retired enlisted U.S. Air Force mem-bers. The Air Force Enlisted Village (AFEV) is a nonprofit organization whose core mission is to provide a safe, secure home for surviving spouses of retired enlisted U.S. Airmen. The Air Force Enlisted Village is situated along the beautiful Emerald Coast of northwest Florida in Shalimar near Eglin Air Force Base and Hurlburt Field. Air Force surviving spouses live at Bob Hope Village or Hawthorn House among peers, where they are able to share memories of military life. All residents of AFEV are treat-ed with the highest level of love and respect. The Air Force Enlisted Village is one of four official charities of the U.S. Air Force and is an affiliate of the Air Force Assistance Fund cam-paign that takes place February through May each year at all U.S. Air Force installations. The Air Force Enlisted Village is also one of seven worthy charities of the Air Force Ser-geants Association. Any service member will testify that the sup-port of their spouse was one of the most im-portant contributions during their years of serv-ice. Most military spouses are known for their ability to adapt and find happiness wherever their spouses’ career took them and their fami-lies. The journeys were not always easy or short, but these spouses made a home wher-ever the military needed and sent them. The United States Military family is stronger because of these spouses and their dedication and support. It is only fitting that when the time comes, they are provided a loving and worry-free place to call home. For the past fifty years, the Air Force Enlisted Village has been committed to making sure that the widows of service members always have that home. The mission of The Air Force Enlisted Vil-lage is highly revered by our community, which is full of partners who strive to fulfill that mission daily. There is no greater gift than providing basic essentials that may be taken for granted as one ages; a safe home, secu-rity, dignity, independence, and camaraderie. The AFEV community gives residents the feel-ing of being cherished and not forgotten. I extend my gratitude to all who have served in any capacity with the Air Force Enlisted Vil-lage and its honorable mission. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States Congress, I am privileged to recognize and celebrate the Air Force Enlisted Village on their 50th Anniversary. f 
JEFFERSON CENTER FOR MENTAL HEALTH 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 13, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud the Jefferson Center for Mental Health for receiving the 2017 West Chamber of Commerce Nonprofit Business of the Year Award. The Jefferson Center for Mental Health is a mental health and substance use organization committed to making mental health care ac-cessible to all. Each year, the Jefferson Cen-ter helps bring hope for a brighter future to thousands of community members who strug-gle with mental health and substance abuse disorders, individuals whose daily lives have been disrupted and whose mental health prob-lems contribute to difficulties at work or school, hospitalization, homelessness, or even involvement with the juvenile or criminal jus-tice system. The Jefferson Center’s programs and serv-ices serve people of all ages and foster the re-covery and resiliency of clients throughout their treatment. Their services include out-patient counseling, 24-hour emergency serv-ices, wellness classes, recovery-focused sup-port groups, vocational services, homeless prevention assistance and school-based coun-seling. The Jefferson Center provides services at 20 clinic locations and various places in the community such as schools, healthcare of-fices, nursing homes, community centers and foster homes. Because the Jefferson Center offices are throughout our neighborhoods, the Center staff members are intertwined in the community and provide personal care to the people they treat. I extend my deepest congratulations to the Jefferson Center for Mental Health for this well-deserved recognition by the West Cham-ber of Commerce. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DIANE BLACK 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 13, 2018 Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call No. 69 for final passage of H.R. 1892, the Bipar-tisan Budget Act of 2018, which took place Friday, February 9, 2018, I am not recorded because I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted NO on this bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE8.001 E13FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE171 February 13, 2018 
IN RECOGNITION OF CHARLES MAXIM 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 13, 2018 Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Charles Maxim who is receiving his Honorary Degree from Wareham High School. Charles is a lifelong resident of Wareham, Massachusetts. He was born on May 28, 1929 and grew up with seven sisters and one broth-er. Upon reaching the eighth grade, Charles left school in order to take care of his ailing mother because he believed that his mother’s health was more important than finishing school. In 1946, Charles joined the United States Navy. As a Seaman First Class, he served in Pearl Harbor and spent 45 days at sea on the LST 1135, surviving a typhoon, and eventually serving at Subic Bay in Manila. During his service, Charles played on a baseball team with future Major League pitcher Ray Scar-borough, and enjoyed great camaraderie with his fellow sailors. Charles had hoped to make a career in the Navy, but, for him, family was always the most important thing, so he returned to Massachu-setts to care for his parents. After returning home, Charles worked for the town of Wareham for thirty-three years as a general foreman. He started a family of his own and today has three children, eight grandchildren, and nine great-grandchildren. One of his great-grandsons has followed in Charles’ foot-steps and now serves as a member of the United States Air Force. Charles has dedicated his life to serving his family, his town, and his country. He now cele-brates another great accomplishment by re-ceiving an Honorary Degree. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor Charles Maxim for receiving his Honorary Degree, fol-lowing a career of dedication to his commu-nity. I ask that my colleagues join me in cele-brating his accomplishments and wishing him many more years of health and happiness. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JEFF DENHAM 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 13, 2018 Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, on January 30, 2018, I unintentionally missed a roll call vote on H.R. 4292, the Financial Instituition Living Will Improvement Act. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 50. 
f 
HONORING IRMA HERNANDEZ 
HON. J. LUIS CORREA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 13, 2018 Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take some time today and honor Irma Her-nandez, a constituent I am immensely proud of Mrs. Hernandez is retiring after serving the public for 36 years and serving the city of Or-ange for nearly 20 years. Mrs. Hernandez is retiring as the Deputy City Manager, and through her career she has set an example for all future municipal employees. Mrs. Hernandez’s personal qualities fit per-fectly with the duties of a city employee— easygoing and personable with all walks of life, and determined and thorough with every single task required of her. Before her time with Orange, she served for the cities of Costa Mesa, Tustin, and Garden Grove. Her pro-ficiency in handling the finances and budget of a city, coupled with her excellent communica-tion skills, made her the ideal candidate for Deputy City Manager. Mrs. Hernandez rep-resented the people of the city of Orange on the Metro Cities Fire Authority, Orange County Animal Care, and the Orange County Local Agency Formation Commission. Mrs. Her-nandez also represented all of Orange Coun-ty’s cities on the 800 MHz Governance Board, where her outstanding dedication has played a major part in the advancement of our state-of- the-art public safety radio system. Mrs. Hernandez has enriched the commu-nity she lives in, not only through her career, but also through her fundraising for various causes. These include the Veterans’ Memorial in Orange, and projects for Rotary Inter-national and the Chamber of Commerce. We are saddened that Mrs. Hernandez is leaving the city of Orange, but she has earned a long and happy retirement, and we wish her the best. Mrs. Hernandez will, without a doubt, be difficult to replace, but we are so fortunate to have had her commitment and drive. She ex-emplifies the best aspects of a government employee. I am honored to recognize Mrs. Hernandez for the positive role she has played in our community. f 
HONORING JACKIE BUSH ROORDA 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 13, 2018 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the selfless action of Jackie Bush Roorda, of LaFayette. Jackie donated her kid-ney to a complete stranger, who would have died without a kidney transplant. Jackie wanted to do something brave. She donated her kidney to Gary Schmidt, who she had never met before, and who needed a kid-ney transplant in order to live after a lung transplant. Jackie’s altruistic act gave her re-cipient another chance at life. Research shows that while most New York-ers support organ donation, only 28 percent of New York’s eligible population is enrolled as an organ donor. I’m proud to honor Jackie today. Her self-less act made a real difference, and changed Gary’s life forever. 
f 
RAMOS LAW 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 13, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud the Ramos Law for receiving the 2017 West Chamber of Commerce Medium Business of the Year Award. When determining what type of medicine to pursue, Dr. Joseph Ramos kept asking one question: ‘‘What kind of medicine can I do that everyone can get, regardless of race, religion, sexual preference or ability to pay?’’ And only one answer came to mind: emergency room medicine. Dr. Ramos strongly believes in in-clusion, and the ER is the one place where a homeless man can be seen next to a gunshot victim or a wealthy CEO. After completing law school, Dr. Ramos began serving clients in the same way he treated his patients—with re-spect and inclusion. As a business leader, Dr. Ramos under-stands the importance of investing in and giv-ing back to his community. He routinely lec-tures at schools, donates significant resources to his church, supports programs for his neigh-borhood as well as overseas. In addition, he supports multiple sports teams and scholar-ship programs. Dr. Ramos is an inspiration of how to achieve a dream with a great support system and a lot of hard work. He demonstrates focus, dedication and commitment to excel-lence. Regardless of the level of success he achieves, he’s always putting people first. I extend my deepest congratulations to the Ramos Law for this well-deserved recognition by the West Chamber of Commerce. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 13, 2018 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, on February 8, 2018, I was absent from the House and missed Roll Call votes 64 and 65. Had I been present for Roll Call 64, on pas-sage of H.R. 1153, the Mortgage Choice Act of 2017, I would have voted No. Had I been present for Roll Call 65, on ap-proving the Journal, I would have voted No. 
f 
HONORING HOMES FOR OUR TROOPS OF TAUNTON, MA 
HON. JOSEPH P. KENNEDY III 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 13, 2018 Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Homes for Our Troops, a nonprofit headquartered in Taunton, Massachusetts where I am proud to represent. Since 2004, Homes for Our Troops has built accessible homes for veterans who require adapted housing to accommodate for the dif-ficulties of the severe injuries they have sus-tained in service. Overseen by a board of civil-ian specialists and retired military personnel, nearly 90 cents of every dollar spent has gone directly to housing projects and services, help-ing Homes for Our Troops become one of the top-rated military and veterans’ charities in the country by watch dog groups Charity Navi-gator and Charity Watch. This past Saturday, Homes for Our Troops celebrated the completion of their 250th home 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13FE8.005 E13FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE172 February 13, 2018 
in Temecula, California, built specifically for Sergeant Cristian Valle, a husband and father of four who was part of the first wave of U.S. troops to enter Iraq in 2003. In October 2005, Sergeant Valle suffered a life-altering injury when an enemy grenade left him without the use of his legs. After returning to the United States, Sergeant Valle faced challenges ad-justing to his new life, but through the services of Homes for Our Troops, he and his family will receive a new home specially adapted to his needs to help him focus on recovery and restore independence and stability to his life. While our veterans face many challenges, none should have to endure returning from service to a home that is inaccessible to them. I join Governor Baker of Massachusetts in bringing attention to this important organiza-tion, and call on the House to honor Homes for Our Troops and the valuable work they do serving those who have sacrificed so bravely so that we may enjoy a life of peace in the United States. 
f 
DEBRA HANEY NAMED SUPER-INTENDENT OF THE ARCH-DIOCESE OF GALVESTON-HOUS-TON CATHOLIC SCHOOLS 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 13, 2018 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Debra Haney for her appointment as superintendent of the Archdiocese of Gal-veston-Houston Catholic Schools. Debra has served in the Archdiocese for 25 years. She previously served as the interim superintendent and principal of St. Laurence and St. John Paull II Catholic Schools. The Archdiocese’s district spreads across 10 coun-ties and serves 18,700 students, making it the largest private school district in Texas. Using her wealth of knowledge and experience in the Archdiocese, Haney is committed to improving the district by raising funds for programming and technology. She is also focused on help-ing the district recover from Hurricane Harvey. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Debra Haney on her new position. I’m ex-cited to see what she accomplishes. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MICHAEL R. TURNER 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 13, 2018 Mr. TURNER. Mr. Speaker, on February 9, I was unable to vote on Roll Call votes 67 and 68. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: Roll Call 67—Yes. Roll Call 68—Yes. RECOGNIZING MS. HOLLY ADAMS FOR HER INTERNSHIP WITH THE UNI-CAPITOL WASHINGTON IN-TERNSHIP PROGRAMME HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 13, 2018 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ms. Holly Adams, Holly has been an intern in my Washington, D.C. Congres-sional office since the beginning of January, through the Uni-Capitol Washington Internship Programme (UCWIP). For the past 19 years, the program has paired students from nearly a dozen partner universities in Australia with offices on Capitol Hill, giving hundreds of students the oppor-tunity to work in the halls of Congress. I have been honored to host a number of extremely talented interns through the UCWIP. Holly is, of course, no exception. Holly is currently enrolled at Deakin Univer-sity in Geelong, Victoria, where she is pur-suing a Bachelor of Law Degree and a Bach-elor of International Studies Degree. As a stu-dent of International studies, she has already travelled extensively, participating in inter-national politics study tours in Boston, Phila-delphia, Washington, New York, as well as Tokyo. Holly has proven herself to be a very hard-working and dedicated individual. Throughout her internship, she has interacted extensively with my constituents, by drafting correspond-ence, helping to address questions, com-ments, and concerns for those contacting or visiting my office. She has also attended a number of hearings and briefings on a wide range of topics facing our nation and world. In-deed, Holly proved herself to be so capable, she prepared a FY2019 Programmatic Re-quest letter for circulation throughout the U.S. House of Representatives on rail safety. It is no wonder that she was chosen by her class-mates to give the ‘valedictory’ speech at her program’s closing reception. Last year, Holly was accepted to study inter-national human rights at Kings College, Lon-don, have no doubt that she will do great as she continues her studies. I am proud to con-gratulate Holly on all of her achievements, and to thank her for everything that she has done for my office, my district, state, and our coun-try. She has a very bright and exciting future ahead of her, and I wish her the very best. 
f 
IN MEMORIAM—WILLIAM STRAUS, 1949–FEBRUARY 10, 2018 
HON. KYRSTEN SINEMA 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 13, 2018 Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember Mr. William (Bill) Straus who passed away at the age of 69 on February 10, 2018 in Phoenix, AZ. Bill was a beloved com-munity leader in the Phoenix area. He dedi-cated his life to the preservation of civil rights and spoke his mind—even when the truth was hard to hear. Bill worked for many years on local radio station KTAR where he headlined his own show Straus’ Place. On his show, he dis-cussed hot-button issues that faced our state and often invited lawmakers to join him. Bill was a solution-focused man. He wanted to get things done and he wanted people to be hon-est about their prejudices. He was a no-non-sense individual and was quick to tell callers that called into his radio show where he stood on issues. He did not waver. Bill’s enthusiasm was contagious. In 2001, he was selected to lead the Arizona Anti-Defa-mation League. During his 13 years as direc-tor of the ADL, Bill dedicated himself to pro-tecting at-risk groups. He stood up against im-migration raids and helped lead the fight against the controversial Senate Bill 1070, commonly referred to as the ‘‘Show me your papers bill,’’ which targeted minority commu-nities. Community groups and leaders loved Bill. He did not balk at the opportunity to fight alongside them as they sought inclusion within our state. Many of us—including myself—drew from Bill’s strength and leadership. He was a fine man and will be missed dearly. Bill and I worked together at the Arizona State Capitol during my tenure as a state leg-islator. We collaborated on numerous pieces of legislation aimed at creating fair solutions for people often excluded by many of the laws designed to protect them. Bill is survived by his son Charlie, daughter Jenni and his three grandchildren Max, Matty and Maci. f 
BILL MARINO 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 13, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Bill Marino for receiving the 2017 Steve Burkholder Diamond Legacy Award from the West Chamber of Commerce. Bill Marino came to Colorado in 1995 with his wife, Jane, and two children. While they came here on vacation, they decided to stay. While his private ventures have taken him to London, San Francisco and Sydney, his touchstone for 20+ years has been Lakewood, Colorado. His willingness to service his com-munity started when he served as president of his local neighborhood group. He was asked by then-Lakewood Mayor Linda Morton to be a part of a community discussion on land use, which resulted in his appointment to the Plan-ning Commission, where he served for eight years. During the time, Bill oversaw the plan-ning and development of Colorado Mills, Creekside on Colfax and Belmar. Bill has now worked with four consecutive Lakewood mayors. While serving as Planning Commission Chair, former Mayor Steve Burkholder appointed him to his Blue-Ribbon Committee on West Colfax that developed the West Colfax Action Plan. In 2009, he was asked by former Mayor Bob Murphy to lead the charge to form a much-needed Business Improvement District along West Colfax, an initiative that had failed twice before. Most re-cently, he has worked with Mayor Adam Paul and local community leaders to develop and implement the West Colfax 2040 Vision Plan. Bill currently serves as the Chief Executive of the Lakewood-W. Colfax Business Improve-ment District, Board Chair of 40 West Arts 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K13FE8.005 E13FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE173 February 13, 2018 
District and Founder of The Creativity Lab of Colorado. He is a published author and fre-quent speaker on entrepreneurship and com-munity engagement. He led the grassroots campaign for the petition drive and successful special election that formed the Lakewood-W. Colfax BID and championed the formation of a new arts district along West Colfax, now one of 21 state-certified creative districts in Colo-rado. I extend my deepest congratulations to Bill Marino for this well-deserved recognition by the West Chamber of Commerce. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LOIS FRANKEL 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 13, 2018 Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I re-cently was not present because I was un-avoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘NAY’’ on Roll Call 64 and 66. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 92ND BIRTHDAY OF NEWTON MINOW 
HON. RAJA KRISHNAMOORTHI 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 13, 2018 Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speaker, today I would like to acknowledge the 92nd birthday of a great American, an innovative public servant, and a person I am proud to call my friend and mentor, Newton Minow. Born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin on January 17, 1926, Newt was the child of immigrant parents who stressed the virtues of hard work, integrity and public service. He went on to serve on the Indian subcontinent in the Sec-ond World War as a Sergeant in the United States Army, and then to Northwestern Law School and a clerkship for United States Su-preme Court Justice Fred Vinson. Newt’s career spans a period of unparal-leled transformation in the way our world shares information, and his influence on the evolution of media and broadcasting is difficult to overstate. Although he may be best known for his service as Chairman of the Federal Communications Commission and his oft- quoted ‘‘vast wasteland’’ speech, Newt had a hand in the development of the transistors that power modem computing, satellites that make global communication possible, and served as chairman of the board of governors of the Public Broadcasting Service and co-chair and vice-chair of the Commission on Presidential Debates. His intense focus on reserving broadcast spectrum to serve the public inter-est has shaped the development of media, public television and radio to the benefit of our democracy and our national dialogue. Newt’s service to his community extends well beyond government. In addition to his work as a successful attorney, Newt has served on the boards of business enterprises and in key leadership positions for important not-for-profit institutions including the Rand Corporation, the Carnegie Corporation, the Mayo Foundation, Northwestern University, the University of Notre Dame and the Chicago Orchestral Association. In 2016, Newt’s extraordinary service to his country was recognized by President Obama with the award of the Presidential Medal of Freedom. Newt would be the first to say that his great-est achievements have been his long, happy marriage to Josephine Baskin Minow, his wife of nearly 69 years, and his daughters Nell, Martha and Mary—-all highly successful women who each through their own work have added so much to the national good. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of all of Newt’s countless friends and admirers, and on behalf of the United States Congress and a grateful nation, I want to say thank you to Newton N. Minow for all that he has done and continues to do for the people of the United States, and extend my best wishes for a happy, healthy and productive 93rd year. As his beloved Jo-sephine often remarks, ‘‘the best is yet to be.’’ f 
JOHN SAMPA NAMED COMMAND SERGEANT MAJOR FOR THE U.S. ARMY NATIONAL GUARD 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 13, 2018 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate John Sampa, of Katy, TX, on his new assignment as Command Sergeant Major for the U.S. Army National Guard. Sampa will be the twelfth person, and first African-American to serve as Command Ser-geant Major for the Army National Guard. He will be the ‘‘eyes and ears’’ for Lieutenant General Timothy J . Kadavy, who handpicked him to serve as his advisor. Previously he served as the Command Senior Enlisted Leader for the Texas Military Department. Sampa is also a Texas State Trooper. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Command Sergeant Major John Sampa. I thank him for his service and sacrifice. 
f 
HONORING ERIN FOREMAN 
HON. THOMAS MacARTHUR 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 13, 2018 Mr. M
ACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I would like to congratulate and honor a young student from my district who has achieved national recognition for exemplary volunteer service in her community. Erin Foreman of Forked River has just been named one of the top honorees in New Jersey by The 2018 Prudential Spirit of Community Awards program, an annual honor conferred on the most impressive student vol-unteers in each state and the District of Co-lumbia. Ms. Foreman is being recognized for her program that provides seniors and people with serious medical conditions with lock boxes to give first responders easy access to their house keys. It’s vital that we encourage and support the kind of selfless contribution this young citizen has made. People of all ages need to think more about how we, as individual citizens, can work together at the local level to ensure the health and vitality of our towns and neighbor-hoods. Young volunteers like Ms. Foreman are inspiring examples to all of us, and are among our brightest hopes for a better tomor-row. The program that brought this young role model to our attention—The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards—was created by Pru-dential Financial in partnership with the Na-tional Association of Secondary School Prin-cipals in 1995 to impress upon all youth volun-teers that their contributions are critically im-portant and highly valued, and to inspire other young people to follow their example. Over the past 23 years, the program has become the nation’s largest youth recognition effort based solely on community service, and has honored more than 120,000 young volunteers at the local, state and national level. Ms. Foreman should be extremely proud to have been singled out from the thousands of dedicated volunteers who participated in this, year’s program. I heartily applaud Ms. Fore-man for her initiative in seeking to make her community a better place to live, and for the positive impact she has had on the lives of others. She has demonstrated a level of com-mitment and accomplishment that is truly ex-traordinary in today’s world, and deserves our sincere admiration and respect. Her actions show that young Americans can—and do— play important roles in our communities, and that America’s community spirit continues to hold tremendous promise for the future. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PETER A. DeFAZIO 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 13, 2018 Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, on Friday, Feb-ruary 9, 2018, I was not present for two votes due to an unavoidable delay. If I had been present, I would have voted: On Roll Call vote 67, on Ordering the Pre-vious Question, I would have voted Nay. On Roll Call vote 68, agreeing to H. Res. 734, I would have voted Nay. 
f 
SALUTING THE HEROIC ACTS OF THE MEMBERS OF THE PALM BAY POLICE DEPARTMENT, PALM BAY, FL 
HON. BILL POSEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 13, 2018 Mr. POSEY. Mr. Speaker, on February 21,2018, the City of Palm Bay will recognize the courage and bravery of the city’s law en-forcement officers and civilians during their an-nual Valor Award’s Ceremony to be held at the Hilton Melbourne Rialto Place in Mel-bourne, FL. Over two hundred law enforce-ment officials and civilian employees make up the City of Palm Bay’s police department. The 160 sworn officers, and all the men and women that make up the Palm Bay Police De-partment, lay down their lives on a daily basis as peacekeepers, maintaining law and order 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K13FE8.015 E13FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE174 February 13, 2018 
for the protection and enhancement of our community. Their motto of Connect, Serve, and Impact speaks of officers connecting with the community as they serve with pride to pro-vide a positive impact to its citizens. Their self-less actions are right and noble, and help keep our community safe. The Palm Bay Police Department obtained its State of Florida Law Enforcement Accredi-tation status on October 31,2007, from the Commission for Florida Law Enforcement Ac-creditation, Inc., and has successfully been re-accredited over the last ten years. I am honored to show my support for the law enforcement personnel of the Palm Bay Police Department and their heroic acts. I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing their sacrifices, and the sacrifices of their families. Among those to be recognized are the Offi-cer of the Year Recipient, Officer Kyle Schuck and the Civilian of the Year Recipient, Nich-olas Zynko. The Distinguished Service Cross Award Re-cipients: Officer Christopher Snedeker, Officer Kyle Schuck. Officer and Civilian Recipients of the Life Saving Award: Officer Bailey Ritchie-Sullivan, Officer Edwin Lutz, Officer Carlos Valentin, Of-ficer Deylen Machado (2), Officer Caroline Jodoin, Officer Sean Dutill, Officer Cory Pres-ley, Corporal William Pennington, Officer Aaron Yuergens, Officer Steven Hill. Officer and Civilian Recipients of the Meri-torious Service Award: Officer Kyle Schuck, Officer Stephan Smith, Detective Jorge Negron (2), Officer Roy LaVanture, Agent Millan Valdes, Detective Jesse Suelter, Nich-olas Zynko. Officer and Civilian Recipients of the Com-munity Service Award: Officer Kyle Schuck (2), Officer Kyle Eakins, Officer Nicholas Abroe, Officer Thomas Trotter, Corporal Alcine Phang-Pennington, Patricia Tobar, Jennifer Williams, Kimberly Meade. 
f 
RECOGNIZING JAMES B. HOWARD ON HIS RETIREMENT FROM THE KING GEORGE COUNTY BOARD OF SUPERVISORS 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 13, 2018 Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. James B. Howard, a citizen of King George County and Virginia’s First Dis-trict, on his retirement from the King George County Board of Supervisors. Mr. Howard served his community well as a member of the Board of Supervisors for the James Monroe District from 1976 to 1978. Additionally, Mr. Howard served as a member of the King George County School Board from 1988 to 1991, and the County Supervisor for the James Monroe District from 2000 to 2009 and 2014 to 2017. During his tenure, Mr. Howard furthered the education of our youth through leading the de-velopment of Sealston Elementary School, construction of the new King George High School, the expansion of the King George Middle School, and renovation of the Potomac Elementary School, in addition to other leader-ship successes. Mr. Howard served as the Chairman of the King George County Board of Supervisors for multiple terms and dedicated 21 years to serving the county in local govern-ment. In addition to his service in local govern-ment, Mr. Howard worked at Naval Surface Warfare Station Dahlgren for 37 years. Mr. Howard began as a Contract Negotiator, earn-ing several promotions before establishing the Work for Private Parties Program. Mr. Howard retired from Dahlgren and entered the private sector. His awards include the Navy Meri-torious Civilian Award for his contributions to the Navy, NAVSEA Award for Outstanding Contributions to Work for Others: NSWCD, and the NAVSEA Navy Acquisition Reform Award. I would like to thank Mr. Howard for his many contributions throughout his 21-year ca-reer. I wish him and his wife, Sheila, the best of luck in their future endeavors. f 
NICOLE M CCABE DESIGN 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 13, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Nicole McCabe Design for receiving the 2017 West Chamber of Commerce Minority-Owned Busi-ness of the Year Award. Nicole McCabe is the owner of Nicole McCabe Design which is a full service graphic design firm offering innovative design and marketing solutions. This boutique firm spe-cializes in corporate identity, print, packaging, signage and event collateral. Established in San Francisco 20 years ago, Nicole relocated her family and business to Lakewood 10 years ago. Her business offers design communica-tion nationwide, to start-ups, non-profits and businesses of all sizes. At Nicole McCabe De-sign, their mission is to provide graphic design solutions that communicate the vision of their clients. As a minority business owner, Nicole feels it’s essential to inspire not only people of color, but anyone facing challenges in their personal or professional life. She enjoys shar-ing the benefits of owning a business, such as learning tenacity, standing up to face chal-lenges, personal growth, and the people you meet. Nicole is a graduate of Pasadena Art Center College of Design and San Francisco State University. I extend my deepest congratulations to Ni-cole McCabe Design for this well-deserved recognition by the West Chamber of Com-merce. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TIMOTHY J. WALZ 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 13, 2018 Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I was absent for Roll Call No. 57 (on the Motion to Table the Appeal of the Ruling of the Chair) and Roll Call No. 64 (H.R. 1153, Mortgage Choice Act of 2017). Had I been present, I would have voted No on each of these votes. f 
IN HONOR OF JENNIE JOANNIDES’ 100TH BIRTHDAY CELEBRATION 
HON. LIZ CHENEY 
OF WYOMING  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 13, 2018 Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my congratulations to Jennie Joannides on the celebration of her 100th birthday. I join her friends and family in extending my best to her on this occasion and in celebrating her life and contributions to our great state. I hope she uses this momentous day to do the same. Again, Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend my congratulations to Jennie Joannides on her birthday. May her year be filled with happiness and blessings. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 150TH AN-NIVERSARY OF THE TRANS-CONTINENTAL RAILROAD IN CALIFORNIA 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 13, 2018 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the rich history of the Trans-continental Railroad as we celebrate the 150th anniversary of its completion. As the commu-nity gathers today, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring this important landmark in the history of the greater Sacramento region, the State of California, and our country. On May 10, 1869, the final spike in the transcontinental railroad was driven into the ground, connecting the East and West coasts of our country for the first time. This final spike was the culmination of six years of grueling work, and stands today as a testament to the ingenuity and tenacity of the American citizens and early Chinese immigrants who labored to accomplish this feat. We should not—and thanks to the efforts of the 150th Trans-continental Railroad Committee, we will not— ever forget the contributions of the laborers who made this remarkable engineering feat possible. Today, we understand the Transcontinental Railroad to be the very definition of a marvel of design and technological progress. It is an important historical landmark that, in my hometown of Sacramento, forms an essential part of our history and of who we are as a people in 2018. We remember today the re-markable engineering, the industrial might, and above all the people who built the Trans-continental Railroad. Mr. Speaker, as the Transcontinental Rail-road celebrates its 150-year anniversary, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring its rich history and significance in the Sacramento re-gion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE8.017 E13FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE175 February 13, 2018 
TRIBUTE TO LILLIAN ELIZABETH DUNCAN KECK 
HON. JOHN J. DUNCAN, JR. 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 13, 2018 Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, one of the kindest, sweetest women I have ever known passed away in Farragut, TN on February 5. My Aunt Lib, Lillian Elizabeth Duncan Keck, was 96. She led a long, full, active life and touched thousands in good and positive ways. She was born in Huntsville, TN to Flem B. and Cassie Duncan, the seventh of ten chil-dren who were raised to adulthood. Two oth-ers, twin sisters, died shortly after birth. Aunt Lib moved to Knoxville after graduating from Huntsville High School in 1940. She graduated from National Business College and worked for C.M. McClurg Co. in Knoxville Ten-nessee, Eastman in Oak Ridge, and U.S.O. Headquarters in the Empire State Building in New York City. After World War II, she taught special needs children in Knox County and retired as a speech and hearing technician in the Chil-drens’ Special Services Division. Her most important role was as a loving wife for 60 years to my late Uncle Kenneth Keck who worked for 42 years for the phone company, and as mother to four children, San-dra, Kenny, Ricky, and Susan. She also had seven grandchildren, twelve great-grand-children, and one great, great grandchild. I remember Aunt Lib best as one of the hardest campaigners my father ever had in his three races for Mayor of Knoxville and espe-cially in his first (and closest) race for Con-gress in 1964. My Dad and Aunt Lib were the sixth and seventh of the ten children my grandparents raised, so they were especially close in age and in many other ways. They both enjoyed telling the story of the time the basketball manager at Huntsville high school forgot my dad’s uniform on a visit to another school, so my father had to play wear-ing Aunt Lib’s uniform. Aunt Lib was a lifelong Presbyterian and lived by the Golden Rule. She was kind to ev-eryone. This Nation is a better place today because of the life she led and the examples she set for everyone who knew her. 
f 
PHILADELPHIA EAGLES SUPERBOWL 
HON. DONALD NORCROSS 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 13, 2018 Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the World Champion Philadelphia Ea-gles, winners of the National Football League’s Super Bowl LII. On Sunday, February 4, 2018, in front of an international audience, the Philadelphia Eagles won Super Bowl LII by a score of 41–33, de-feating the defending champions, the New England Patriots, in Minneapolis, Minnesota. Under the steady leadership of owner Jef-frey Lurie, general manager Howie Roseman, and head coach Doug Pederson, the ‘‘Birds,’’ as they are affectionately known, won their first-ever Super Bowl title. The Eagles embraced their ‘‘underdog’’ sta-tus following multiple regular season injuries to key players, defeating last year’s National Football Conference (NFC) champions, the At-lanta Falcons, the NFL’s top-ranked defense, the Minnesota Vikings, and ultimately the five- time Super Bowl Champions, the New Eng-land Patriots, to clinch the world champion-ship. Eagles backup quarterback Nick Foles earned Super Bowl LII’s Most Valuable Player after he completed 373 yards for three touch-downs and caught a touchdown pass in a trick play, what was arguably the most memorable moment of Super Bowl LII. Glassboro, New Jersey’s very own Corey Clement, running back for the Eagles, re-corded four catches for 100 offensive yards and a critical 22 yard touchdown for the Ea-gles. Clement has family members who still reside in Glassboro. South Jersey and New Jersey’s First Con-gressional District neighbor the City of Phila-delphia are verifiably ‘‘Eagles Country,’’ home to many Eagles players, staff, and countless Eagles fans, including 2018 NFL MVP Nick Foles, Coach Doug Pederson, Hall of Fame quarterback Ron Jaworski, and famed Eagles sportscaster Sal Paolantonio. Philadelphia Eagles’ fans are known world-wide as the most passionate and dedicated fans in the NFL and whether we identify as ‘‘Red’’ or ‘‘Blue’’, we put that aside to all proudly wear green. Mr. Speaker, allow me to once again con-gratulate the Philadelphia Eagles on their his-toric victory in Super Bowl LII. f 
COST ESTIMATE ON H.R. 4581, THE SCREENING AND VETTING PAS-SENGER EXCHANGE ACT OF 2017 
HON. MICHAEL T. McCAUL 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 13, 2018 Mr. McCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD the following cost estimate for H.R. 4581, the Screening and Vetting Passenger Exchange Act of 2017, prepared by the Con-gressional Budget Office was not made avail-able to the Committee at the time of filing of the legislative report. 
U.S. C ONGRESS , C
ONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE , Washington, DC, February 12, 2018. Hon. M
ICHAEL MCCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : The Congressional Budget Office has prepared the enclosed cost estimate for H.R. 4581, the Screening and Vetting Passenger Exchange Act of 2017. If you wish further details on this esti-mate, we will be pleased to provide them. The CBO staff contact is Mark Grabowicz. Sincerely, K
EITH HALL, Director. Enclosure. H.R. 4581—S
CREENING AND VETTING PASSENGER  E
XCHANGE ACT OF 2017 As passed by the House of Representatives on January 9, 2018 H.R. 4581 would require the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) to develop effec-tive practices for screening certain people entering the United States through the re-view of information provided by those trav-elers. The act would direct DHS to share those practices with certain other countries. DHS is currently carrying out activities similar to those that would be required by the act; thus, CBO estimates that imple-menting H.R. 4581 would not significantly af-fect spending by DHS. Enacting H.R. 4581 would not affect direct spending or revenues; therefore, pay-as-you- go procedures do not apply. CBO estimates that enacting H.R. 4581 would not increase net direct spending or on- budget deficits in any of the four consecutive 10-year periods beginning in 2028. H.R. 4581 contains no intergovernmental or private-sector mandates as defined in the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act. The CBO staff contact for this estimate is Mark Grabowicz. The estimate was approved by H. Samuel Papenfuss, Deputy Assistant Director for Budget Analysis. f CONGRATULATING DR. LAWRENCE FAN FOR 30 YEARS AT KELSEY- SEYBOLD 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 13, 2018 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Dr. Lawrence Fan, of Pearland, TX, on 30 years of service at the Kelsey- Seybold Clinic. Dr. Fan was honored at a luncheon recog-nizing employees that have served a mile-stone number of years. He is among 600 em-ployees who have been with Kelsey-Seybold more than 15 years. Countless kids in Fort Bend County have benefited from the wonder-ful care they have received from Dr. Fan. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Dr. Lawrence Fan for achieving this mile-stone. I thank him for his dedication to keep-ing our Fort Bend community healthy. Keep up the great work. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ROD BLUM 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 13, 2018 Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained on February 8, 2018. Had I been present for Roll Call No. 67, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ Had I been present for Roll Call No. 68, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ Had I been present for Roll Call No. 69, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ 
f 
IN MEMORY OF DOROTHY CALHOUN WILSON ROGERS 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 13, 2018 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, the following loving obituary is a deserved tribute to a true Southern Lady of South Caro-lina who made a positive, meaningful dif-ference for others with nearly 104 years of life. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE8.021 E13FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE176 February 13, 2018 
Dorothy Calhoun Wilson Rogers (‘‘Dot’’) died February 9, 2018 at McLeod Hospice in Florence, SC. A memorial service will be conducted at 2 p.m. on Saturday, February 17, 2018 at St. Paul’s Episcopal Church in Bennettsville, SC with a reception to follow at the Church. Dot was born February 18, 1914 in Macon, GA. She was the daughter of the late Harry Gardelle Wilson and Corrie Hartzog Boineau Wilson. She was predeceased by her husband of 69 years, Frederick Alexander Rogers, Jr., her twin brother Harry Gardelle Wilson, her younger brother Hugh deVeaux Wilson, her daughter Harriett Rogers Drake, her son-in- law Julian Moyd Drake, and a grandson, Frederick Alexander Rogers IV. She is sur-vived by her children—Frederick Alexander Rogers, III of Beaufort, SC and Judith Rog-ers Gibson (Frank) of Wilmington, NC, and by six grandchildren—Hamilton Rogers Drake (Nancy), Julie Drake McCue (Joey), Smilie Gregg Rogers (Mary Kathryn), Kinchen Council Rogers, Frank Byron Gib-son III, Faison Gibson Sutton (Hunter), nu-merous great grandchildren and extended family. Throughout her adult life, Dot was an ac-tive and devoted communicant of the Epis-copal Church. Her steadfast faith and de-tailed knowledge of the Bible and the Epis-copal Book of Common Prayer were leg-endary among her family and friends. At her death she maintained her membership at All Saints Episcopal Church, Florence, SC. She was also a member of the DAR and the Hu-guenot Society of SC. Dot majored in fine arts at USC and was a prolific and gifted artist. She saw her art as a means of glorification of God’s creation. She enjoyed many notable accomplishments, including being one of the founding artists of the Petite Louvre Art Gallery, Charleston, SC, and membership in the Charleston and South Carolina Artists Guilds. She took spe-cial pleasure in teaching art to others, espe-cially her family. Her work and creative vi-sion will always be cherished by her family and friends. Dot’s life was full of love and joy, family and friends, creativity and intellectual curi-osity. Dot lived out her faith every day and to know her was to experience the joy and peace that comes from a personal relation-ship with Christ. She will be missed and re-membered with much affection by all whom she enriched with her beautiful smile and her faith and courage. The family would especially like to thank the Methodist Manor, her personal care-givers, McLeod Hospice, and All Saints Epis-copal Church for all the loving care shown to Dot. Memorials may be made to St. Paul’s Episcopal Church, 306 Fayetteville Ave., Bennettsville, South Carolina 29512, All Saints Episcopal Church, 1425 Cherokee Rd., Florence, SC 29501, or to the charity of one’s choice. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF FALLEN MISSISSIPPI SOLDIER ARMY SERGEANT FIRST CLASS (SFC) SEVERIN W. SUMMERS III 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 13, 2018 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of Army Sergeant First Class (SFC) Severin W. Summers III who died while defending our nation on August 2, 2009, during Operation Enduring Freedom. SFC Summers died from injuries he suffered when insurgents attacked his vehicle with an impro-vised explosive device in Qole Gerdsar, Af-ghanistan. Captain (CPT) Ronald G. Luce Jr. and Sergeant First Class (SFC) Alejandro Granado III were also killed. SFC Summers was assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 20th Spe-cial Forces Group (Airborne), headquartered in Jackson, Mississippi. SFC Summers, a native of Bentonia, Mis-sissippi, graduated from Christian Life Acad-emy in 1984, and attended Louisiana State University. He enlisted in the Mississippi Na-tional Guard in 1989. SFC Summers’ awards and decorations in-clude the Army Commendation Medal, Army Achievement Medal, Army Reserve Compo-nents Achievement Medal, National Defense Service Medal, Global War on Terrorism Serv-ice Medal, Armed Forces Medal, Noncommis-sioned Officers Professional Development Rib-bon, Army Service Ribbon, and the Overseas Service Ribbon. He also earned the Para-chutist Badge, the Air Assault Badge, the Pathfinder Badge, the Scuba Diver Badge, the Military Free Fall Badge, and the Ranger and Special Forces tabs. SFC Summers is survived by his wife, Tammy; his three daughters, Jessica, Shelby and Sarah; and his parents, Severin Summers II and Charlene Summers. SFC Summers will always be remembered for his courage and bravery. He sacrificed his life to protect the freedoms we all enjoy. f 
MINUTEMAN PRESS 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 13, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Minuteman Press of Lakewood for receiving the 2017 West Chamber of Commerce Small Business of the Year Award. Minuteman Press of Lakewood believes that every business or organization is a force for good in the community, bringing economic growth, education and employment opportuni-ties. As a strong supporter of their community, Minuteman Press works to help local busi-nesses and organizations communicate their values and brand, and build relationships that inspire customers to choose you again and again. The owners, Meg Gideon and Mike Inzitari, spent most of their careers in large corpora-tions prior to opening their Lakewood fran-chise in September 2016. Their vision was to run a business together that enshrines their shared values of family, economy and commu-nity. A month before opening their doors, Mike got involved in many networking events and programs. Now, almost a year and a half and many mixers later, Minuteman Press of Lake-wood is thrilled to be counted among the nu-merous local businesses and organizations that are privileged to be a daily force for good in our community. I extend my deepest congratulations to Min-uteman Press of Lakewood for this well-de-served recognition by the West Chamber of Commerce. IN RECOGNITION OF RAY BAUM HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 13, 2018 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, Ray Baum’s life was sadly cut short, but his public service both in Oregon and Washington, D.C. will continue to serve as an example for us all. We will be forever grateful for Ray’s con-tributions to the House Energy & Commerce Committee, where he consistently approached his work with honesty and integrity. As a senior advisor to the Communications and Technology subcommittee and later to the full committee, his expertise on technology and telecommunications issues was invalu-able. No matter their background or viewpoint, Ray treated everyone with respect and kind-ness. We all admired his dedication to the pol-icy issues he worked on, the Committee, and to his country. My thoughts and prayers are with Ray’s family during this difficult time. He will be greatly missed. 
f 
RECOGNIZING KAREN CARROLL, EDUCATIONAL SUPPORT PRO-FESSIONAL OF THE YEAR FOR OKALOOSA COUNTY SCHOOL DIS-TRICT 
HON. MATT GAETZ 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 13, 2018 Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Karen Carroll, the Educational Support Profes-sional of the Year for Okaloosa County School District. For many years, Mrs. Carroll has served the Okaloosa County School District with exceptional enthusiasm and an unwaver-ing commitment to excellence. Mrs. Carroll has been married to her hus-band Steve for 44 years. They have a beau-tiful daughter and 3 wonderful grandsons. Like most grandmas, spending time with her grandsons having adventures and making memories is her most favorite thing in the world. She began her career with Okaloosa County School District in August 1987 at Cherokee El-ementary on Eglin Air Force Base. In 1998, she moved from Cherokee to the Bay Area Office to work with the ESE Department, where she truly found her calling. Mrs. Carroll has many duties including bookkeeping and maintaining and processing all ESE student records. She considers it a privilege to be on a team that supports special education students. Mrs. Carroll is also a very active and sup-portive member of her community and church, Shalimar Baptist. She has impressively served as the church’s pianist for 33 years. She gen-erously volunteers much of her time helping those in need throughout the community by organizing events, teaching, cooking, and helping with mission projects. Mrs. Carroll’s innumerable skills and won-derful character truly make her an invaluable and greatly appreciated resource. The service that she has provided through the years has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13FE8.026 E13FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE177 February 13, 2018 
been a significant contribution to the success of countless staff members and students. For all these reasons and more, she has been se-lected as the 2018 Okaloosa County School District Educational Support Professional of the Year. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States Congress, I am privileged to recognize Mrs. Karen Carroll for her accomplishments and her continued commitment to excellence at the Okaloosa County School District. I thank her for her service and wish her all the best for continued success. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. VICKY HARTZLER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 13, 2018 Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, on Wednes-day, February 7, 2018, I was unable to vote due to my absence. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: on Roll Call no. 61, YEA; on Roll Call no. 62, YEA; and on Roll Call no. 63, YEA. 
f 
HONORING HOMETOWN HEROES ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. GENE GREEN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 8, 2018 Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Bipartisan Budget Act, H.R. 1892, which will provide much needed federal funding to help Houston and Harris County rebuild from the devastation of Hurri-cane Harvey, reauthorize several critical health programs, and keeps the federal gov-ernment open through March 23. Hurricane Harvey’s destruction was beyond anything witnessed in living memory in Texas. A record 52 inches of rain fell on Houston and the Texas Gulf Coast, causing catastrophic flooding in our nation’s fourth largest city. Harvey damaged over 300,000 homes and apartments in the City of Houston alone. Statewide, nearly 600,000 homes have been inspected by FEMA for flood or wind damage. Most tragically, 88 Texans lost their lives to Harvey’s wrath. This bipartisan agreement will provide $89 billion towards disaster recovery and relief for Texas and the other states and territories im-pacted by hurricanes and wildfires last year. This includes $15 billion for the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE) to repair and construction new flood control projects in fed-eral disaster areas. These funds are critical to protect Houston and Harris County from the next major storm event. Our region has been impacted by flooding for three straight years: the 2015 Memorial Day Floods, the 2016 Tax Day Floods, and Hurricane Harvey last Au-gust. Last November, the State of Texas released a report requesting $36 billion in flood control projects for the Gulf Coast region. This re-quest included critical projects that are nec-essary to protection our district and Greater Houston from future flooding, including a new reservoir along Cypress Creek and a coastal barrier to protect Galveston Bay from a cata-strophic storm surge. It is my hope that Congress will provide ad-ditional federal funding for flood control projects for Houston and the Texas Gulf Coast when Water Resources Development Act (WRDA) needs to be reauthorized later this year. One of the greatest accomplishments in the Bipartisan Budget Act is the additional years of funding for the Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP). In January, CHIP received funding for six years. With the enactment of this legislation, an additional 4 years of fund-ing will be added, extending the program on which nearly 400,000 children from my home state of Texas rely on for access to stable and affordable care. In addition to extending CHIP for a total of 10 years, this legislation also provides 2 years’ worth of funding for federally qualified health centers (FQHCs). The Bipartisan Budget Act provided FQHCs with $3.8 billion for the cur-rent year and $4 billion in FY2019. Both FQHCs and CHIP have enjoyed bipar-tisan support for many years. FQHCs have had bipartisan support since the 1960s and CHIP since it was created by Congress in 1997 with my vocal support. Both programs work because they provide individuals with ac-cess to needed healthcare services at afford-able rates. Funding for both programs ended in September and we came perilously close to losing both programs when the Republicans failed to include funding for either program in previous Continuing Resolution (CRs). It was not until January that CHIP received funding, but only for a period of 6 years whereas this bipartisan budget agreement ex-tends to a total of 10 years, through FY2027. CHIP is a vital program that many children rely for access to healthcare providers, pre-ventive services and ongoing care which helps to ultimately keep health care costs low as well as keep a greater number of children healthy because they are able to access care before their conditions worsen. Many of my constituents have written to me expressing concern about the annual Medi-care payment limits for outpatient services, also known as therapy caps. I am happy to say that the spending limits were permanently repealed making it easier for individuals re-ceiving therapy services in our community to continue getting the services they need in order to heal, and in many instances remain independent and in the community. Medicare recipients will continue to enjoy the benefits of therapy services whether physical, speech or occupational without fear that such services will end prematurely because they have met or exceeded a certain financial threshold. Last year, the Senate passed the Creating High-Quality Results and Outcomes Nec-essary to Improve Chronic (CHRONIC) Care Act. This bill made it possible to extend the Independence at Home Demonstration that al-lows the chronically ill to receive care while in the home without having to move to a long- term care facility. This legislation also expands telehealth beyond current geographical limita-tions as well as permanently authorizing Spe-cial Needs Plans for chronically ill individuals. The Bipartisan Budget Act will increase Medicare payment for home health providers by 1.5 percent for 2020 and for skilled nursing facilities by 2.4 percent for FY2019. Today’s legislation, unfortunately, does not include provisions to protect beneficiaries of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) Program and young persons brought into our country without authorization, com-monly known as ‘‘Dreamers.’’ Our district is home to one of the largest populations of Dreamers in the United States and Texas has the second largest number of DACA bene-ficiaries in the country. It is critical that Con-gress act immediately and pass legislation that will protect our young people from losing their work authorization and from possible deporta-tion. I am a proud cosponsor of the DREAM Act, which would codify the protections pro-vided under the DACA Program and deserving Dreamers a pathway to legalization and earned citizenship. I ask that my colleague join me in support of the thousands of disaster victims across the United States and the millions of children and low income Americans who benefit from af-fordable health coverage and services pro-vided through CHIP and FQHCs, and vote in support of this important legislation. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. VAL BUTLER DEMINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 13, 2018 Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, on the evening of Wednesday, February 7, 2018, I had the honor and privilege of addressing the Southeast Regional Welcome Dinner in con-nection with this year’s National Prayer Break-fast. My arrival at that event was prior to the issuance of notice that votes were about to be held, and I was unfortunately unable to return to the House Chamber before they concluded. Had I been present, I would have voted yea on Roll Call votes 61, 62, and 63. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF MS. CAROLYN MORROW CHE-NEY 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 13, 2018 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of Ms. Carolyn Mor-row Cheney. Carolyn was a loving mother, grandmother, and great grandmother. She passed away peacefully on February 8, 2018, surrounded by her family and friends, after a hard fought battle with cancer. I was so grateful to be able to speak with Carolyn before her passing. In the final mo-ments of her life, she was both generous and kind, and I am extremely thankful for her many years of friendship. Carolyn started her career in Washington in 1972 as a staffer for Congressman James R. Jones (D–OK), and quickly moved through the ranks, while also juggling the responsibility of being a single mom. From 1976 until 1983, she served on the Commission on Administra-tive Review, as Chief of Staff to Congressman Fred Richmond (D–NY), and as Staff Director of the Agriculture Subcommittee on Domestic Marketing and Nutrition. Throughout her time 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13FE8.029 E13FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE178 February 13, 2018 
on Capitol Hill, Carolyn made positive con-tributions to House ethics, food stamp pro-grams, and the 1981 Farm Bill. She was known for her ability to gracefully work ‘‘across the aisle.’’ After her stint on the Hill, Carolyn was charged with opening Staley Continental’s first Washington office, where she was promoted to VP for Government Affairs, the first female executive in Staley’s 75-year history. Starting in 1991, Carolyn represented the Sugar Cane Growers Cooperative of Florida and the Dom-ino and C & H refineries. While tirelessly ad-vocating on behalf of the sugar industry and Florida producers, she helped pass five Farms Bills, as well as assisted U.S. officials while they negotiated trade deals. Carolyn was a founding member of the American Sugar Alliance, where she served as its valued Chair five times. Throughout her tenure representing the sugar industry, she generously gave her time and advice, leaving a lasting impact on numerous careers. Her professional accomplishments led the Sand Springs (OK) Education Foundation to induct her in the Hall of Fame in 2010. Throughout her lifetime, Carolyn served on the board of the Center for National Policy, the American Sugar Alliance, the Friends of the National Arboretum, and the Board of the As-sociation for the Preservation of Historic Con-gressional Cemetery. Beginning in the 1990s, Carolyn started worshipping at the Christ Church, where she served on the Vestry from 1992 to 2002 as Senior Warden. She also served on and chaired the Finance Com-mittee, volunteered to arrange flowers for the alter, read lessons, and lead prayers of the people. Carolyn will be remembered for her deep personal friendships, generosity, humor, love of politics, current events, books, fine dining, the Nationals, theater, gardening, music, and her church. Fond memories of her will forever remain with her son, Lance Stephen Cheney, sisters, Mary Morrows Manes, Marty Morrow Morris, and Vicki Morrow Sisney, as well as her grandsons Dale Hay Baker, Tre Conterez and great grandchildren Gunnar and Gabriel Baker. Mr. Speaker, I was so honored to have known Carolyn and to call her my friend. My thoughts and prayers are with her family, friends, and colleagues during this most dif-ficult time. She will be dearly missed. 
f 
REMEMBERING AND HONORING LEWIS MANILOW 
HON. RAJA KRISHNAMOORTHI 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 13, 2018 Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speaker, today I remember and honor the life of Lewis Manilow, who passed away on December 12 of last year. Lew was born in 1927 to immigrant parents, and adopted from an orphanage as an infant by Chicago real estate developer Nathan Manilow and his wife, Minette. He attended the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign for one year before earning his bachelor’s de-gree from the University of Chicago and grad-uating from Harvard Law School in 1951. A gifted lawyer, Lew began his career as an assistant state’s attorney in Cook County, Illi-nois. Lew eventually went into private practice, where he assisted in his father’s development of south suburban Park Forest, and ultimately served as president of his father’s company, continuing his legacy of reinvigorating neigh-borhoods on the south side and south suburbs of Chicago. From an early age, Lew displayed a passion for the arts, and he devoted much of his adult life to nurturing institutions that made Chicago an international center of culture. In 1956, Lew was part of a group that launched a theater company in the Fine Arts Building, and was the visionary behind the creation of ‘‘theater row’’ in Chicago’s north loop, now home to the Goodman Theater. Lew supported his vision with his generosity, co-chairing the campaign that funded the relocation of the Goodman Theater and personally donating $1,000,000 to help finance the move. Lew’s drive to make Chicago one of the world’s cultural capitals did not end with the theater. As one of its founding sponsors, he was a powerhouse supporting the creation of Chicago’s Museum of Contemporary Art, and served as its board president for five years. Lew also donated a number of pieces from his personal collection to the museum, and en-dowed a curatorship to ensure future genera-tions would continue to enjoy the best of con-temporary art at the MCA. In 2000, Lew’s service to the arts was rec-ognized when he was awarded the prestigious National Medal of Arts by President Bill Clin-ton. In addition to his work supporting the cul-tural institutions of Chicago, Lew somehow found time to be an active participant in the civic life of our state and nation. He devoted his time and energy to organizing committees in three presidential campaigns, and was a regular advisor to the mayors of Chicago and other civic leaders. Lew’s greatest legacy, however, may be his family. Survived by his very beloved wife Susan, Lew also leaves a loving family of two sons and a daughter, two stepsons, 15 grand-children and his biological brother (who he met for the first time in 2008 after tracing his roots from orphanage and birth records). On behalf of all of Lew’s countless friends and associates, I want to say thank you for all that Lew did for the people of Illinois and our country. Mr. Speaker, I hope we might all keep in our thoughts and prayers the Manilow family and friends as they mourn their loss. In that spirit, I celebrate Lew’s life and the impact he made on the city of Chicago, our country and all he touched with his generosity and care. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TIMOTHY J. WALZ 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 13, 2018 Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I was absent for Roll Call No. 51 (H.R. 4547, Strengthening Protections for Social Security Beneficiaries Act), Roll Call No. 56 (H.R. 772, Common Sense Nutrition Disclosure Act), Roll Call No. 61 (H.R. 3851, War Crimes Rewards Expan-sion Act), and Roll Call No. 62 (H.R. 1997, Ukraine Cybersecurity Cooperation Act). Had I been present, I would have voted Yes on each of these bills. HONORING MEGHAN VIZZARD HON. THOMAS MacARTHUR 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 13, 2018 Mr. M
ACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I would like to congratulate and honor a young student from my district who has achieved national recognition for exemplary volunteer service in her community. Meghan Vizzard of Mount Laurel has just been named one of the top honorees in New Jersey by The 2018 Pruden-tial Spirit of Community Awards program, an annual honor conferred on the most impres-sive student volunteers in each state and the District of Columbia. Ms. Vizzard is being recognized for founding ‘‘Cozies 4 Chemo,’’ a nonprofit that has led volunteers in creating more than 6,500 blan-kets for people undergoing cancer treatment. It’s vital that we encourage and support the kind of selfless contribution this young citizen has made. People of all ages need to think more about how we, as individual citizens, can work together at the local level to ensure the health and vitality of our towns and neighbor-hoods. Young volunteers like Ms. Vizzard are inspiring examples to all of us, and are among our brightest hopes for a better tomorrow. The program that brought this young role model to our attention—The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards—was created by Pru-dential Financial in partnership with the Na-tional Association of Secondary School Prin-cipals in 1995 to impress upon all youth volun-teers that their contributions are critically im-portant and highly valued, and to inspire other young people to follow their example. Over the past 23 years, the program has become the nation’s largest youth recognition effort based solely on community service, and has honored more than 120,000 young volunteers at the local, state and national level. Ms. Vizzard should be extremely proud to have been singled out from the thousands of dedicated volunteers who participated in this year’s program. I heartily applaud Ms. Vizzard for her initiative in seeking to make her com-munity a better place to live, and for the posi-tive impact she has had on the lives of others. She has demonstrated a level of commitment and accomplishment that is truly extraordinary in today’s world, and deserves our sincere ad-miration and respect. Her actions show that young Americans can—and do—play impor-tant roles in our communities, and that Amer-ica’s community spirit continues to hold tre-mendous promise for the future. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF FALL-EN MISSISSIPPI MARINE FIRST LIEUTENANT (1STLT) WILLIAM JAMES DONNELLY, IV 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 13, 2018 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of fallen Mississippi Marine First Lieutenant (1stLt) William James Donnelly, IV who gave his life while in service to our nation on November 25, 2010, during Operation Enduring Freedom. 1stLt Donnelly 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13FE8.033 E13FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE179 February 13, 2018 
was killed while conducting combat operations in Helmand Province, Afghanistan. This was 1stLt Donnelly’s first combat deployment. 1stLt Donnelly was assigned to 3rd Battalion, 5th Marine Regiment, 1st Marine Division, 1st Ma-rine Expeditionary Force, Camp Pendleton, California. According to the Associated Press, 1stLt Donnelly, of Picayune, Mississippi, always wanted to join the U.S. Marine Corps. He en-listed in the United States Marine Corps Re-serve in June 2003, and served as an Assault Amphibious Vehicle (SSV) crewmember in the 4th Assault Amphibian Battalion, 4th Marine Division, Gulfport, Mississippi. He transferred to the U.S. Navy Reserve as a Midshipman to attend the officer training program at the United States Merchant Marine Academy in King’s Point, New York, where he served as a Midshipman Regimental Commander. 1stLt Donnelly was commissioned as a 2ndLt in the United States Marine Corps after graduating in June 2008, with a Bachelor of Science degree in Marine Engineering. After TBS, 1stLt Donnelly was designated an infantry officer in October 2009, and served as a rifle platoon commander assigned to the 3rd Battalion, 5th Marines, 1st Marine Division, 1st Marine Expeditionary Force, Kilo Com-pany, 2nd Platoon, Camp Pendleton, Cali-fornia. 1stLt Donnelly married his wife, Linsey, on September 11, 2010. He deployed to Helmand Province, Afghanistan, 15 days later. 1stLt Donnelly’s family learned of his death on Thanksgiving Day in 2010. Melissa Don-nelly-Weed, 1stLt Donnelly’s sister, posted on her Facebook page that day. ‘‘Always be thankful for family,’’ Melissa said. ‘‘I will always be thankful and grateful I had a wonderful brother. He gave his life today for his country doing what he loved-being a Marine. I will miss him forever. I love you, Will!’’ William J. Donnelly, III, 1stLt Donnelly’s father, said his son would not have any regrets, even though the loss was extremely hard to bear. ‘‘Will was doing what he loved to do and what he always wanted to do,’’ Mr. Donnelly said. ‘‘I am sure if we could talk to him now, he would say he had no regrets.’’ In a release issued by Camp Pendleton, of-ficials said that they had lost a member of their own family. ‘‘The Marines and sailors of the 1st Marine Division mourn the loss of 1stLt Donnelly,’’ the release read. ‘‘Our heartfelt condolences go out to his family.’’ After learning of 1stLt Donnelly’s death, Pic-ayune Mayor Ed Pinero said it was always hard to lose a hero. On behalf of the city, he extended their heartfelt condolences to the family. ‘‘1stLt Donnelly’s sacrifice and that of all the men and women who fall in combat protecting our country’s freedom should never be forgotten,’’ Mayor Pinero said. Additionally, Mayor Pinero announced that 1stLt Donnelly’s name would be inscribed on a monument in front of the old city hall in Picayune to ensure the town’s war heroes are never forgotten. A funeral service was held Tuesday, December 14th, at the United States Naval Academy Chapel in Annapolis, Maryland. Internment was held at Arlington National Cemetery in Ar-lington, Virginia. Friends of 1stLt Donnelly held a memorial service in Picayune at the same hour of the service at Arlington. 1stLt Donnelly is survived by his wife, Lin-sey Becker-Donnelly; his parents, William Donnelly, III and Vicki Donnelly; his two sis-ters, Lieutenant Junior Grade (LTJG) Melissa Donnelly-Weed and Rebecca Donnelly; and his nephew Christian Weed. 1stLt Donnelly was awarded the Purple Heart, the National Defense Service Medal, the Korean Defense Service Medal, the Af-ghanistan Campaign Medal, and the Combat Action Ribbon. 1stLt Donnelly’s service and sacrifice to de-fend America will always be remembered. 
f 
IN HONOR OF RADA SMITH’S 100TH BIRTHDAY CELEBRATION 
HON. LIZ CHENEY 
OF WYOMING  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 13, 2018 Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my congratulations to Rada Smith on the celebration of her 100th birthday. I join her friends and family in extending my best to her on this occasion and in celebrating her life and contributions to our great state. I hope she uses this momentous day to do the same. Again, Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend my congratulations to Rada Smith on her birthday. May her year be filled with happiness and blessings. 
f 
RETIREMENT OF DORIS JACKSON 
HON. DANIEL M. DONOVAN, JR. 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 13, 2018 Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank Doris Jackson for her remarkable career in the Capitol’s food service industry. Doris Jackson was born in Rockingham, North Carolina, to proud parents Samuel and Lucy Brown. Growing up in a household with seven brothers, three sisters, and four other relatives, Doris always knew the importance of family. After graduating from Leak Street High School in 1964, she moved from Rockingham to Washington, D.C. two years later. Doris then went on to receive her post-high school education in 1971, specializing in banking. It was in 1980, however, when she got her first job in the Capitol as a cashier in the Cannon Carry-Out. After just two years, Doris was promoted to the role of supervisor. She served in that posi-tion until 1994, when she took a brief sab-batical. Meanwhile, in 1988, Doris married the love of her live, Rev. Dr. Mark Jackson. She ultimately returned to work in 1999, where she remained until her recent retirement on De-cember 28, 2017. Doris loved working in the Capitol, as she was able to meet and connect with countless people, from Members of Con-gress and staffers to constituents visiting Washington, D.C. I am certain that after a long and cherished career, Doris will enjoy her well-deserved retirement, during which she will enjoy spending time with her son, Michael McDonald, two grandchildren, and eight great- grandchildren. Doris Jackson also plans to spend her re-tirement doing what she loves. She hopes to travel when she can, and when the weather is nice, she will be hard at work gardening. Moreover, as a member of Macedonia Com-munity Church for 37 years, she still plans to attend services each Sunday. In addition, Doris will continue to volunteer, as she has al-ways loved doing community service. Further-more, she plans to read, watch her favorite television shows, and maintain her collection of turtle figurines. Mr. Speaker, I want to congratulate Doris Jackson on her phenomenal career and retire-ment. She is kind, caring, and joyful. While I miss seeing her in the Longworth cafeteria each day, I hope she is having an outstanding retirement. f 
THE RALPH HENDRICKS AWARD— MR. WAYNE CRICK 
HON. TREY GOWDY 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 13, 2018 Mr. GOWDY. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD the following Proclamation in honor of Mr. Wayne Crick: Whereas, 20 February 2018, the Boy Scouts of America will honor Mr. Wayne Crick with the Ralph Hendricks Award. The Ralph Hendricks Award seeks to recognize an admi-rable citizen who is committed to pursuing the ideals of community service and leadership. Whereas, it is my honor to acknowledge Mr. Wayne Crick’s remarkable dedication to im-proving the city of Mauldin and upstate of South Carolina. His commitment to serving as a leader in his community includes a myriad of roles—from serving eight years as the Mayor of Mauldin, to the President of his Sunday school class at the United Methodist Church, and serving two years as a member of the Mauldin City Council. His life continues to en-rich the people of South Carolina. Be it Resolved, That I, T
REY GOWDY , do con-gratulate Mr. Wayne Crick on his achieve-ment, and thank him for his unwavering com-mitment and devotion to serve our community and the Fourth Congressional District of South Carolina. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE METRO-POLITAN ECONOMIC DEVELOP-MENT ASSOCIATION 
HON. KEITH ELLISON 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 13, 2018 Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Metropolitan Economic Devel-opment Association on its recognition as the top minority business developer by the United States Department of Commerce. Over the past 45 years, MEDA has provided assistance to more than 20,000 businesses owned by people of color. MEDA has worked to break down the barriers that these entre-preneurs face in building futures for them-selves, their families, and their businesses. MEDA has helped establish more than 1,400 jobs in the Twin Cities. As a result of its tire-less dedication and wealth of services, this is the second consecutive year that MEDA has received the commendation of top minority business developer from the U.S. Commerce Department. Since MEDA launched their loan program in 1995, they have fulfilled a major need for mi-nority entrepreneurs who have sustainable 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13FE8.037 E13FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE180 February 13, 2018 
businesses, but fall short of traditional lending standards. With minority owned businesses being the fastest growing segment in Min-nesota’s economy, MEDA’s services have helped create jobs and generate increased economic activity. MEDA’s current president and CEO, Gary Cunningham, has used his experience in the human services field to reinforce MEDA’s mis-sion of serving the underserved. Under Gary’s leadership, MEDA has continued to expand their loan fund and gain support from local companies in helping minority owned busi-nesses succeed. Gary has focused his career on making a difference for low income people through his various leadership positions in or-ganizations like Northpoint Health and Wellness center and the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, the Metro-politan Council, and Hennepin County. His un-dying commitment to public service and the common good is evident from his career of notable accomplishments. MEDA has grown to be an everlasting com-munity asset and a reliable institution for en-trepreneurs of color looking to start up or ex-pand a business. MEDA is critical fuel for the economic engine that drives our state. I would like to commend MEDA for this well-deserved recognition, and looking forward to their future accomplishments. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF SHIRLEY SPELLERBERG 
HON. MICHAEL C. BURGESS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 13, 2018 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to Shirley Spellerberg, former Mayor of Corinth, Texas as she prepares to relocate to North Carolina after almost three decades of service to her home State. Born and educated in Waco, Texas, Shirley married her late husband, USAF pilot Herman R. Spellerberg while he was on leave from PanAm Airlines. When Herman came home from his tour of duty in Korea and returned to PanAm, he and Shirley resided in Pasadena and Miami for several years each. During this period, Shirley honed her speaking and lead-ership skills as a passionate conservative ac-tivist, hosting a conservative talk radio pro-gram ‘‘Speak Out Miami’’ and on television as a conservative counterpoint to her liberal femi-nist co-host on the weekly show ‘‘To The Point.’’ Shirley and Herman returned to Texas in 1979 when Herman retired from PanAm. A Life Member of the NRA and active with the Eagle Forum, Shirley soon reengaged as a conservative activist in Denton County, quickly joining several local Republican Party organi-zations and serving from 1998 to 2006 as part of the statewide party as SREC. Shirley is also known for her steadfast lead-ership to the City of Corinth. Except for a break between 1989 and 1990, she served the City as Mayor from 1983 to 2001. Shirley’s leadership shaped the City as its population grew tenfold from approximately 1,200 to 12,000 during her terms as Mayor. It was also during this period that Shirley influenced the long-term direction and economic development of the community with the adoption of the City’s Home Rule Charter in 1999 and the 2000 opening of North Central Texas Col-lege’s Corinth campus. Shirley Spellerberg is a Denton County insti-tution. I have appreciated her counsel and opinions provided throughout my service in Congress and I have sought-out and appre-ciated her wisdom and experience when fac-ing particularly thorny legislative decisions. While we have not always been in agreement, I have always respected her faith, commitment to community service and her dedication to conservative principles. On behalf of the 26th Congressional District, I wish her much happi-ness in the support of family and I value our shared commitment in leaving a strong, proud and stable country as a legacy for our grand-children. f 
YARD HOUSE 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 13, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Yard House for receiving the 2017 West Chamber of Com-merce Large Business of the Year Award. Yard House is a modern American gath-ering place, where food and beer lovers unite. The restaurant offers 130 taps of draft brews, an array of crafted cocktails, and a globally-in-spired menu featuring more than 100 made- from-scratch favorites. Each Yard House loca-tion has a distinct vibe with custom artwork, a classic and current rock soundtrack of 10,000 songs and glass-enclosed keg room housing up to 3,000 gallons of fresh, quality beer. Founded in Long Beach, Calif., in 1996, Yard House now has 71 restaurants across 24 states and is open daily for lunch, dinner, happy hour and late-night dining. The Colorado Mills Yard House has been part of the Lakewood community for 14 years. When hail split the roof of the restaurant in May 2017, they needed to close for refurbish-ment. During this time, they continued to pay their employees until reopening in August 2017. Throughout the closure, team members were offered classes biweekly on topics rang-ing from beer selection, wine pairings and fresh ideas for improving hospitality. I extend my deepest congratulations to Yard House for this well-deserved recognition by the West Chamber of Commerce. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K13FE8.010 E13FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
D153 Tuesday, February 13, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S889–S928 Measures Introduced: Eight bills and two resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 2417–2424, and S. Res. 404–405.
                                                         Page S907 
Measures Considered: Broader Options for Americans Act—Agree-ment: Senate continued consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the pre-mium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation coverage. 
                                                                Pages S890–95, S895–S903 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill, post-cloture, at approximately 10 a.m., on Wednesday, February 14, 2018, and vote on the motion to proceed to consid-eration of the bill.
                                                       Page S927 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nominations: Adam J. Sullivan, of Iowa, to be an Assistant Sec-retary of Transportation. Ronald L. Batory, of New Jersey, to be Adminis-trator of the Federal Railroad Administration. Raymond Martinez, of New Jersey, to be Admin-istrator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Adminis-tration.
                                                                 Pages S904, S928 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Brent K. Park, of Tennessee, to be Deputy Ad-ministrator for Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation, National Nuclear Security Administration. Jeffrey Nadaner, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary of Commerce. Charles P. Rettig, of California, to be Commis-sioner of Internal Revenue for the term expiring No-vember 12, 2022. Jonathan R. Cohen, of California, to be Deputy Representative of the United States of America to the United Nations, with the rank and status of Ambassador, and the Deputy Representative of the United States of America in the Security Council of the United Nations. Jonathan R. Cohen, of California, to be Represent-ative of the United States of America to the Sessions of the General Assembly of the United Nations, dur-ing his tenure of service as Deputy Representative of the United States of America to the United Nations. Harry B. Harris, Jr., of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Commonwealth of Australia. Christopher Krebs, of Virginia, to be Under Sec-retary for National Protection and Programs, Depart-ment of Homeland Security. Emory A. Rounds III, of Maine, to be Director of the Office of Government Ethics for a term of five years. Routine lists in the Army, Foreign Service, and Marine Corps.                                                                Page S928 
Messages from the House:                                   Page S904 
Executive Communications:                       Pages S904–05 
Petitions and Memorials:                              Pages S905–07 
Executive Reports of Committees:                 Page S907 
Additional Cosponsors:                                  Pages S907–08 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                      Pages S908–10 
Additional Statements:                                           Page S904 
Amendments Submitted:                             Pages S910–27 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:           Page S927 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 6:36 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Wednesday, February 14, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S927.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION REQUEST AND FUTURE YEARS DEFENSE PROGRAM Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a closed hearing to examine the United States Special 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13FE8.REC D13FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD154 February 13, 2018 
Operations Command in review of the Defense Au-thorization Request for fiscal year 2019 and the Fu-ture Years Defense Program, after receiving testi-mony from Owen O. West, Assistant Secretary, Spe-cial Operations and Low-Intensity Conflict, and Gen-eral Raymond A. Thomas III, USA, Commander, Special Operations Command, both of the Depart-ment of Defense. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Armed Services: Committee ordered favor-ably reported the nominations of Paul C. Ney, Jr., of Tennessee, to be General Counsel, Kevin Fahey, of Massachusetts, to be an Assistant Secretary, and Thomas E. Ayres, of Pennsylvania, to be General Counsel of the Department of the Air Force, all of the Department of Defense, and Lisa Gordon- Hagerty, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary of En-ergy for Nuclear Security. PROTECTING DEMOCRATIC ELECTIONS Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Cyber-security concluded a hearing to examine the Depart-ment of Defense’s role in protecting democratic elec-tions, after receiving testimony from Robert J. But-ler, Cyber Strategies, LLC; Heather A. Conley, Cen-ter for Strategic and International Studies; Richard J. Harknett, University of Cincinnati; and Michael L. Sulmeyer, Harvard University Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs. BUDGET Committee on the Budget: Committee concluded a hear-ing to examine the President’s proposed budget re-quest for fiscal year 2019, after receiving testimony from Mick Mulvaney, Director, Office of Manage-ment and Budget. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Environment and Public Works: Com-mittee announced the following subcommittee as-signments for the 115th Congress: Subcommittee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Sen-ators Inhofe (Chair), Capito, Boozman, Wicker, Fischer, Moran, Ernst, Sullivan, Shelby, Cardin, Sanders, Whitehouse, Merkley, Gillibrand, Markey, Duckworth, and Booker. Subcommittee on Clean Air and Nuclear Safety: Senators Capito (Chair), Inhofe, Boozman, Wicker, Fischer, Moran, Ernst, Shelby, Whitehouse, Cardin, Sanders, Merkley, Gillibrand, Markey, and Duckworth. Subcommittee on Fisheries, Water, and Wildlife: Senators Boozman (Chair), Inhofe, Capito, Wicker, Fischer, Rounds, Sullivan, Shelby, Duckworth, Cardin, Whitehouse, Merkley, Gillibrand, Markey, and Van Hollen. Subcommittee on Superfund, Waste Management, and Reg-ulatory Oversight: Senators Rounds (Chair), Moran, Ernst, Sullivan, Booker, Sanders, and Van Hollen. Senators Barrasso and Carper serve as ex officio members of each subcommittee. FDA ANIMAL DRUG USER FEES REAUTHORIZATION Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Committee concluded a hearing to examine improv-ing animal health, focusing on reauthorization of Food and Drug Administration Animal Drug User Fees, after receiving testimony from Steven Solomon, Director, Center for Veterinary Medicine, Food and Drug Administration, Department of Health and Human Services. WORLDWIDE THREATS Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee concluded a hearing to examine worldwide threats, after receiving testimony from former Senator Daniel R. Coats, Di-rector of National Intelligence; former Representa-tive Michael Pompeo, Director, Central Intelligence Agency; Admiral Michael Rogers, USN, Director, National Security Agency, Lieutenant General Rob-ert Ashley, USA, Director, Defense Intelligence Agency, and Robert Cardillo, Director, National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency, all of the Depart-ment of Defense; and Chris Wray, Director, Federal Bureau of Investigation, Department of Justice. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee held closed hearings on worldwide threats, receiving testimony from officials of the intelligence community. Committee recessed subject to the call. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13FE8.REC D13FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D155 February 13, 2018 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 13 pub-lic bills, H.R. 4997–5009; 1 private bill, H.R. 5010; and 2 resolutions, H. Res. 736, 737, were in-troduced.
                                                                Pages H1125–26 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H1127–28 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 2948, to amend the S.A.F.E. Mortgage Li-censing Act of 2008 to provide a temporary license for loan originators transitioning between employers, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–552); H.R. 4768, to require the President to develop a national strategy to combat the financial networks of transnational organized criminals, and for other pur-poses, with amendments (H. Rept. 115–553); H.R. 4675, to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to provide for a low-dose radiation basic re-search program, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–554); H.R. 4377, to direct the Secretary of Energy to carry out an upgrade to research equipment and con-struct research user facilities, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–555); H.R. 4376, to direct the Secretary of Energy to carry out certain upgrades to research equipment and the construction of a research user facility, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–556); H.R. 4378, to direct the Secretary of Energy to carry out the construction of a versatile reactor-based fast neutron source, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–557); H.R. 3397, to direct the National Science Foun-dation to support STEM education research focused on early childhood, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–558); and H. Res. 736, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 620) to amend the Americans with Dis-abilities Act of 1990 to promote compliance through education, to clarify the requirements for demand letters, to provide for a notice and cure period before the commencement of a private civil action, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3299) to amend the Revised Statutes, the Home Owners’ Loan Act, the Federal Credit Union Act, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Act to re-quire the rate of interest on certain loans remain un-changed—after transfer of the loan, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3978) to amend the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974 to modify requirements re-lated to mortgage disclosures, and for other pur-poses; and providing for proceedings during the pe-riod from February 16, 2018, through February 23, 2018 (H. Rept. 115–559).                                   Page H1125 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Meadows to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H1077 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:09 p.m. and re-convened at 2 p.m.
                                                   Page H1078 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:20 p.m. and recon-vened at 3:30 p.m.
                                                   Page H1081 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Designating the health care system of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs in Lexington, Ken-tucky, as the ‘‘Lexington VA Health Care System’’ and to make certain other designations: H.R. 4533, amended, to designate the health care system of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Lexington, Kentucky, as the ‘‘Lexington VA Health Care Sys-tem’’ and to make certain other designations, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 402 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 70;
                      Pages H1081–83, H1103–04 
Low-Dose Radiation Research Act: H.R. 4675, amended, to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to provide for a low-dose radiation basic research program;
                                                                 Pages H1090–92 
Accelerating American Leadership in Science Act: H.R. 4377, amended, to direct the Secretary of Energy to carry out an upgrade to research equip-ment and construct research user facilities; 
                                                                                    Pages H1092–94 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To di-rect the Secretary of Energy to carry out certain up-grades to research equipment and construct research user facilities, and for other purposes’’;
          Page H1094 
Nuclear Energy Research Infrastructure Act: H.R. 4378, amended, to direct the Secretary of En-ergy to carry out the construction of a versatile reac-tor-based fast neutron source;
                        Page H1094–95 
Department of Energy Research Infrastructure Act: H.R. 4376, amended, to direct the Secretary of Energy to carry out certain upgrades to research equipment and the construction of a research user fa-cility;
                                                                       Pages H1095–97 
Building Blocks of STEM Act: H.R. 3397, amended, to direct the National Science Foundation to support STEM education research focused on early childhood; and
                                              Pages H1097–H1100 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13FE8.REC D13FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD156 February 13, 2018 
Extending the Generalized System of Preferences and to make technical changes to the competitive need limitations provision of the program: H.R. 4979, amended, to extend the Generalized System of Preferences and to make technical changes to the competitive need limitations provision of the pro-gram, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 400 yeas to 2 nays, Roll No. 71.
                         Pages H1100–03, H1104–05 
Recess: The House recessed at 6:03 p.m. and recon-vened at 6:30 p.m.
                                                   Page H1103 
Suspensions—Proceedings Postponed: The House debated the following measures under suspension of the rules. Further proceedings were postponed. Hamas Human Shields Prevention Act: H.R. 3542, amended, to impose sanctions against Hamas for gross violations of internationally recognized human rights by reason of the use of civilians as human shields; and
                                           Pages H1083–87 
Calling on the Department of Defense, other elements of the Federal Government, and foreign governments to intensify efforts to investigate, re-cover, and identify all missing and unaccounted- for personnel of the United States: H. Res. 129, amended, calling on the Department of Defense, other elements of the Federal Government, and for-eign governments to intensify efforts to investigate, recover, and identify all missing and unaccounted-for personnel of the United States.
                  Pages H1087–90 
Presidential Messages: Read a message from the President wherein he notified Congress that the na-tional emergency with respect to Libya that was de-clared in Executive Order 13566 of February 25, 2011 is to continue in effect beyond February 25, 2018—referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed (H. Doc. 115–93). 
                                                                                            Page H1079 
Read a message from the President wherein he submitted designations pursuant to the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985—referred to the Committee on Appropriations and ordered to be printed (H. Doc. 115–94). 
                                                                                            Page H1080 
Read a message from the President wherein he transmitted to Congress his Budget of the United States Government for Fiscal Year 2019—referred to the Committee on Appropriations and ordered to be printed (H. Doc. 115–88).
                           Pages H1080–81 
Read a message from the President wherein he transmitted to Congress his framework for rebuild-ing infrastructure in America—referred to the Com-mittees on Agriculture, Education and the Work-force, Energy and Commerce, the Judiciary, Natural Resources, Oversight and Government Reform, Transportation and Infrastructure, Veterans’ Affairs, and Ways and Means and ordered to be printed (H. Doc. 115–95).                                                             Page H1103 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H1103–04 and H1104–05. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 9:02 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 3978, the ‘‘TRID Improvement Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3299, the ‘‘Protecting Consumers’ Access to Credit Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 620, the ‘‘ADA Edu-cation and Reform Act of 2017’’. The Committee granted, by record vote of 7–4, a structured rule for H.R. 620. The rule provides one hour of general de-bate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the bill shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill. The rule makes in order only those amendments printed in part A of the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member des-ignated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the re-port equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amend-ment, and shall not be subject to a demand for divi-sion of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amendments printed in part A of the report. The rule provides one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. In section 2, the rule provides for consideration of H.R. 3299 closed rule. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. The rule waives all points of order against con-sideration of the bill. The rule provides that the bill shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill. The rule provides one motion to recommit. In section 3, the rule provides for consideration of H.R. 3978 under a structured rule. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Financial Services. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–59, modified by the amendment printed in part B of the Rules Committee report, shall be considered 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13FE8.REC D13FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D157 February 13, 2018 
as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be consid-ered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule makes in order only the further amendment printed in part C of the Rules Committee report, if offered by the Member designated in the report, which shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be sub-ject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a de-mand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amendment printed in part C of the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. In section 4, the rule provides that on any legislative day dur-ing the period from February 16, 2018, through February 23, 2018: the Journal of the proceedings of the previous day shall be considered as approved; and the Chair may at any time declare the House ad-journed to meet at a date and time to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjournment. In sec-tion 5, the rule provides that the Speaker may ap-point Members to perform the duties of the Chair for the duration of the period addressed by section 4. Testimony was heard from Representatives Hill, Maxine Waters of California, Marino, Nadler, Poe of Texas, and Langevin. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Readiness and Management Support, to hold hearings to examine the current readiness of United States forces, 2:30 p.m., SR–222. Subcommittee on Personnel, to hold hearings to exam-ine military and civilian personnel programs and military family readiness, 3 p.m., SR–232A. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Joseph Si-mons, of Virginia, Christine S. Wilson, of Virginia, Noah Joshua Phillips, of Maryland, and Rohit Chopra, of New York, each to be a Federal Trade Commissioner, 9:30 a.m., SH–216. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Subcommittee on National Parks, to hold hearings to examine S. 400, to establish the Susquehanna National Heritage Area in the State of Pennsylvania, S. 966, to establish a program to accurately document vehicles that were significant in the history of the United States, S. 1160, to include Liv-ingston County, the city of Jonesboro in Union County, and the city of Freeport in Stephenson County, Illinois, to the Lincoln National Heritage Area, S. 1260 and H.R. 2615, bills to authorize the exchange of certain land lo-cated in Gulf Islands National Seashore, Jackson County, Mississippi, between the National Park Service and the Veterans of Foreign Wars, S. 1335, to establish the Ste. Genevieve National Historic Site in the State of Missouri, S. 1446 and H.R. 1135, bills to reauthorize the Histori-cally Black Colleges and Universities Historic Preserva-tion program, S. 1472, to reauthorize the Tennessee Civil War Heritage Area, S. 1573, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture to place signage on Federal land along the trail known as the ‘‘American Discovery Trail’’, S. 1602, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a study to assess the suitability and feasibility of designating certain land as the Finger Lakes National Heritage Area, S. 1645, to au-thorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of P.S. 103 in West Baltimore, Maryland, S. 1646, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to con-duct a special resource study of President Station in Balti-more, Maryland, S. 1692, to authorize the National Emergency Medical Services Memorial Foundation to es-tablish a commemorative work in the District of Colum-bia and its environs, S. 1956 and H.R. 2897, bills to au-thorize the Mayor of the District of Columbia and the Director of the National Park Service to enter into coop-erative management agreements for the operation, main-tenance, and management of units of the National Park System in the District of Columbia, S. 2102, to clarify the boundary of Acadia National Park, S. 2213 and H.R. 4300, bills to authorize Pacific Historic Parks to establish a commemorative display to honor members of the United States Armed Forces who served in the Pacific Theater of World War II, S. 2225, to reauthorize the Blue Ridge National Heritage Area, S. 2238, to amend the Ohio & Erie Canal National Heritage Canalway Act of 1996 to repeal the funding limitation, H.R. 1397, to authorize, direct, facilitate, and expedite the transfer of administrative jurisdiction of certain Federal land, and H.R. 1500, to redesignate the small triangular property located in Washington, DC, and designated by the Na-tional Park Service as reservation 302 as ‘‘Robert Emmet Park’’, 3 p.m., SD–366. Committee on Finance: to hold hearings to examine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2019, 10:30 a.m., SD–215. Full Committee, business meeting to consider the nominations of Dennis Shea, of Virginia, to be a Deputy United States Trade Representative (Geneva Office), with the rank of Ambassador, and C. J. Mahoney, of Kansas, to be a Deputy United States Trade Representative (In-vestment, Services, Labor, Environment, Africa, China, and the Western Hemisphere), with the rank of Ambas-sador; to be immediately followed by a hearing to exam-ine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2019, 2:30 p.m., SD–215. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: business meeting to consider S. 2221, to repeal the multi-State plan program, S. 2296, to increase access to agency guidance documents, S. 2400, to eliminate or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13FE8.REC D13FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD158 February 13, 2018 modify certain audit mandates of the Government Ac-countability Office, S. 2113, to amend title 41, United States Code, to improve the manner in which Federal contracts for design and construction services are awarded, to prohibit the use of reverse auctions for design and con-struction services procurements, S. 2349, to direct the Director of the Office of Management and Budget to es-tablish an interagency working group to study Federal ef-forts to collect data on sexual violence and to make rec-ommendations on the harmonization of such efforts, S. 2413, to provide for the appropriate use of bridge con-tracts in Federal procurement, S. 2178, to require the Council of Inspectors General on Integrity and Efficiency to make open recommendations of Inspectors General publicly available, H.R. 2229, to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide permanent authority for judicial review of certain Merit Systems Protection Board deci-sions relating to whistleblowers, S. 931, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4910 Brighton Boulevard in Denver, Colorado, as the ‘‘George Sakato Post Office’’, S. 2040, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 621 Kansas Avenue in Atchison, Kansas, as the ‘‘Amelia Ear-hart Post Office Building’’, H.R. 294, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2700 Cullen Boulevard in Pearland, Texas, as the ‘‘Endy Nddiobong Ekpanya Post Office Building’’, H.R. 452, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 324 West Saint Louis Street in Pacific, Mis-souri, as the ‘‘Specialist Jeffrey L. White, Jr. Post Office’’, H.R. 1207, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 306 River Street in Tilden, Texas, as the ‘‘Tilden Veterans Post Office’’, H.R. 1208, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 9155 Schaefer Road, Converse, Texas, as the ‘‘Converse Veterans Post Office Building’’, H.R. 1858, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4514 Williamson Trail in Liberty, Pennsyl-vania, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Ryan Scott Ostrom Post Of-fice’’, H.R. 1988, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1730 18th Street in Ba-kersfield, California, as the ‘‘Merle Haggard Post Office Building’’, H.R. 2254, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2635 Napa Street in Vallejo, California, as the ‘‘Janet Capello Post Office Building’’, H.R. 2302, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 259 Nassau Street, Suite 2 in Princeton, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Dr. John F. Nash, Jr. Post Office’’, H.R. 2464, to designate the facil-ity of the United States Postal Service located at 25 New Chardon Street Lobby in Boston, Massachusetts, as the ‘‘John Fitzgerald Kennedy Post Office’’, H.R. 2672, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 520 Carter Street in Fairview, Illinois, as the ‘‘Sgt. Douglas J. Riney Post Office’’, H.R. 2815, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 30 East Somerset Street in Raritan, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Gunnery Sergeant John Basilone Post Office’’, H.R. 2873, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 207 Glenside Avenue in Wyncote, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Peter Taub Post Office Building’’, H.R. 3109, to designate the facil-ity of the United States Postal Service located at 1114 North 2nd Street in Chillicothe, Illinois, as the ‘‘Sr. Chief Ryan Owens Post Office Building’’, H.R. 3369, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 225 North Main Street in Spring Lake, North Carolina, as the ‘‘Howard B. Pate, Jr. Post Office’’, H.R. 3638, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1100 Kings Road in Jacksonville, Flor-ida, as the ‘‘Rutledge Pearson Post Office Building’’, H.R. 3655, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1300 Main Street in Belmar, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Dr. Walter S. McAfee Post Office Building’’, H.R. 3821, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 430 Main Street in Clermont, Georgia, as the ‘‘Zach T. Addington Post Office’’, H.R. 3893, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 100 Mathe Avenue in Interlachen, Florida, as the ‘‘Robert H. Jenkins, Jr. Post Office’’, H.R. 4042, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1415 West Oak Street, in Kissimmee, Florida, as the ‘‘Borinqueneers Post Office Building’’, H.R. 4285, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 123 Bridgeton Pike in Mullica Hill, New Jersey, as the ‘‘James C. ‘Billy’ Johnson Post Office Building’’, and the nominations of Jeff Tien Han Pon, of Virginia, to be Director, and Mi-chael Rigas, of Massachusetts, to be Deputy Director, both of the Office of Personnel Management, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on Indian Affairs: business meeting to con-sider S. 995, to provide for equitable compensation to the Spokane Tribe of Indians of the Spokane Reservation for the use of tribal land for the production of hydropower by the Grand Coulee Dam, and S. 1953, to amend the Tribal Law and Order Act of 2010 and the Indian Law Enforcement Reform Act to provide for advancements in public safety services to Indian communities; to be imme-diately followed by an oversight hearing to examine Na-tive Americans and the 2020 Census, 2:30 p.m., SD–628. Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Joel M. Carson III, of New Mexico, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Tenth Circuit, Colm F. Connolly, and Maryellen Noreika, both to be a United States District Judge for the District of Delaware, William F. Jung, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Florida, and Ryan T. Holte, of Ohio, to be a Judge of the United States Court of Federal Claims, 10 a.m., SD–226. Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of David Christian Tryon, of Ohio, to be Chief Counsel for Advocacy, and Hannibal Ware, of the Virgin Islands, to be Inspector General, both of the Small Business Administration, 3:30 p.m., SR–428A. 
House 
Committee on Armed Services, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Military and Security Challenges and Pos-ture in the Indo-Pacific Region’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13FE8.REC D13FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D159 February 13, 2018 Subcommittee on Readiness, hearing entitled ‘‘Air Force Readiness Posture’’, 3:30 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. Committee on the Budget, Full Committee, hearing enti-tled ‘‘The President’s Fiscal Year 2019 Budget’’, 10 a.m., 1334 Longworth. Committee on Education and the Workforce, Subcommittee on Early Childhood, Elementary, and Secondary Edu-cation, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Government’s Management of Native American Schools’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Digital Commerce and Consumer Protection, hearing en-titled ‘‘Oversight of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Impact of Health Care Consoli-dation’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Environment, hearing entitled ‘‘New Source Review Permitting Challenges for Manufacturing and Infrastructure’’, 2 p.m., 2322 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, markup on H.R. 3477, the ‘‘Ceiling Fan Energy Conservation Har-monization Act’’; H.R. 1876, the ‘‘Good Samaritan Health Professionals Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 4986, the ‘‘FCC Reauthorization Act of 2018’’, 3:30 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Subcommittee on Finan-cial Institutions and Consumer Credit, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Current Data Security and Breach Notifi-cation Regulatory Regime’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Capital Markets, Securities, and In-vestment, hearing entitled ‘‘Legislative Proposals Regard-ing Derivatives’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Modernizing Food Aid: Improving Effectiveness and Saving Lives’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa, hearing entitled ‘‘Israel, the Palestinians, and the Admin-istration’s Peace Plan’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere, hearing entitled ‘‘Advancing U.S. Interests Through the Organi-zation of American States’’, 2 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 835, to update the map of, and modify the max-imum acreage available for inclusion in, the Florissant Fossil Beds National Monument; H.R. 4134, the ‘‘Cecil D. Andrus-White Clouds Wilderness Redesignation Act’’; and H.R. 4895, the ‘‘Medgar Evers National Monument Act’’, 10:15 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans, hearing entitled ‘‘The State of the Nation’s Water and Power In-frastructure’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Sub- committee on Information Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘Game Changers: Artificial Intelligence Part I’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee on Oversight; and Subcommittee on Research and Tech-nology, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Beyond Bitcoin: Emerging Applications for Blockchain Technology’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, Full Committee, markup on the Committee’s budget views and estimates for fiscal year 2019, 10:45 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Job Creation, Com-petition, and Small Business’ Role in the United States Economy’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Full Com-mittee, markup on fiscal year 2019 budget views and es-timates; H.R. 4921, the ‘‘STB Information Security Im-provement Act’’; and H.R. 4925, the ‘‘FRA Safety Data Improvement Act’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Ways and Means, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Department of Health and Human Services’ Fiscal Year 2019 Budget Request’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Long-worth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13FE8.REC D13FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD160 February 13, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Wednesday, February 14 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 2579, Broader Options for Americans Act, post-cloture, and vote on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Wednesday, February 14 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Consideration of H.R. 3978—TRID Improvement Act (Subject to a Rule), H.R. 3299—Protecting Consumers’ Access to Credit Act (Sub-ject to a Rule), and begin consideration of H.R. 620— ADA Education and Reform Act (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Black, Diane, Tenn., E170 Blum, Rod, Iowa, E175 Burgess, Michael C., Tex., E180 Cheney, Liz, Wyo., E174, E179 Correa, J. Luis, Calif., E171 DeFazio, Peter A., Ore., E173 Demings, Val Butler, Fla., E177 Denham, Jeff, Calif., E171 Donovan, Daniel M., Jr, N.Y., E179 Duncan, John J., Jr., Tenn., E175 Ellison, Keith, Minn., E179 Frankel, Lois, Fla., E173 Gaetz, Matt, Fla., E170, E176 Gowdy, Trey, S.C., E179 Green, Gene, Tex., E177 Hartzler, Vicky, Mo., E177 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E172, E177 Katko, John, N.Y., E170, E171 Keating, William R., Mass., E171 Kelly, Trent, Miss., E176, E178 Kennedy, Joseph P., III, Mass., E171 Krishnamoorthi, Ill., E173, E178 MacArthur, Thomas, N.J., E173, E178 Matsui, Doris O., Calif., E174, E176 McCaul, Michael T., Tex., E175 Norcross, Donald, N.J., E175 Olson, Pete, Tex., E170, E172, E173, E175 Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E169, E170, E171, E172, E174, E176, E180 Posey, Bill, Fla., E173 Ryan, Paul D., Wisc., E169 Sinema, Kyrsten, Ariz., E172 Turner, Michael R., Ohio, E172 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E171 Walker, Mark, N.C., E169 Walz, Timothy J., Minn., E174, E178 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E175 Wittman, Robert J., Va., E174 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D13FE8.REC D13FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST