Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H6265 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JULY 17, 2018 No. 120 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. B
YRNE ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, July 17, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable B
RADLEY  B
YRNE to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 8, 2018, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
VITALITY AND THE IMPORTANCE OF INCENTIVIZING HEALTHY EATING The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, as we look toward ways to help our constitu-ents live healthier lives and address the rising cost of healthcare, I would like to draw attention to successful partnerships that are working to ad-dress these challenges. We know that diet-related diseases are driving up healthcare costs. Re-search from the Friedman School of Nutrition Science and Policy at Tufts University estimates that diabetes costs our healthcare system an as-tounding $327 billion per year, and car-diovascular-related diseases cost more than $317 billion a year. Much of this cost, and the human suffering it represents, could be less-ened or prevented through greater ac-cess to nutritious foods and better eat-ing. I am proud that stakeholders in my home State of Massachusetts, includ-ing nonprofits, advocacy organizations, hospitals, universities, and other pri-vate sector partners, are coming to-gether to examine the impact of hun-ger and diet-related disease on our health system. One shining example of a collabora-tion formed to tackle this terrible problem is Vitality. John Hancock, a leading life insurance company based in Boston, has partnered with the Friedman School at Tufts University on an innovative life insurance product that helps to encourage healthier be-haviors. John Hancock clients complete an online health review and engage in ac-tivities like preventative care, physical activity, smoking cessation, education, and improved nutrition to earn points that translate into discounts on insur-ance and other products. What is par-ticularly impressive about the program is the discount it provides to partici-pants who want to increase their pur-chases of fruits and vegetables. Those who sign up receive a 25 percent dis-count on healthy food at more than 14,000 grocery stores across the coun-try. The Vitality program is one example of the positive impact incentives can have on our collective public health when they motivate and reward indi-viduals to take up healthy behaviors. We should learn from this innovative model and look at ways to expand upon its reach to greater segments of the population. Some Federal programs already allow for incentive-based programs. Within SNAP, our Nation’s first line of defense against hunger, we know that incentives work. My home State of Massachusetts has been a leader in the effort to help ensure SNAP recipients have access to fresh fruits and vegeta-bles. In 2011, the Commonwealth of Massa-chusetts worked with the U.S. Depart-ment of Agriculture to pilot a first in the Nation initiative to provide incen-tives for the purchase of healthy foods. The pilot enabled participants to in-crease their consumption of fruits and vegetables by 26 percent and led to the creation of USDA’s Food Insecurity and Nutrition Incentive, known as FINI. FINI has provided States and local-ities across the country with Federal resources to expand incentive programs for SNAP beneficiaries. Massachusetts currently uses Federal FINI dollars in conjunction with private donations and State resources to increase the pur-chase of fruits and vegetables. It is working. In our State, FINI has helped more than 63,000 SNAP recipi-ents increase their fruit and vegetable intake in 1 year alone. Estimates sug-gest this increase can mean savings of more than $1.1 million in public health costs. So imagine the impact these sorts of programs and incentives could have if they were replicated and ex-panded on a larger scale. New research from Tufts’ Friedman School shows that incorporating tech-nology-based incentives for healthier eating into other Federal programs like Medicare and Medicaid would be highly cost-effective, saving millions of lives and billions of dollars in healthcare costs. We should also look at how we can reach beyond Federal health and nutri-tion programs to encourage private worksite wellness programs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:31 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.000 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6266 July 17, 2018 
The fact of the matter is that all of us can and should be taking steps to make healthier choices. Congress should take lessons learned from suc-cessful partnerships like the Tufts and John Hancock collaboration to pilot and expand incentive programs. In doing so, we can provide greater access to nutritious foods, promote healthier choices, alleviate human suffering, and save our healthcare system billions and billions of dollars. 
f 
RECOGNIZING PENNSYLVANIA’S FIFTH DISTRICT INDUSTRIES ON MADE IN AMERICA DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on Made in America Day to speak about American craftsmanship, specifically in the Com-monwealth of Pennsylvania. American entrepreneurs, workers, farmers, and innovators have built this country and drive our economy. They are the heart of this Nation, and they ensure that the Made in the USA label means quality and value, which is something we treasure. Pennsylvania has a rich history of being a manufacturing leader, espe-cially our storied Pennsylvania steel. The Commonwealth has been an impor-tant cog in the wheel of this country’s Industrial Revolution, thanks to indus-tries like iron, coal, and lumber, in ad-dition to steel. Our Pennsylvania farm-ers have fed, and continue to feed, gen-erations of Americans, providing safe, nutritious food for all our neighbors. This rich history continues today. The Pennsylvania Fifth Congressional District is home to numerous pro-ducers that have made vital contribu-tions to our prosperity. They have em-ployed American workers, produced American products, and grown Amer-ican crops. From heritage companies to newer, rising stars, we have a wide cross-section of products produced in Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District. Brookville Equipment Corporation in Jefferson County is the leading manu-facturer of diesel locomotive engines, street trolleys, and mining machinery. Brookville’s mass transit resume in-cludes fully refurbishing streetcars for cities including New Orleans, Philadel-phia, and San Francisco. Since 1889, W.R. Case & Sons Cutlery Company has been fashioning handcrafted pocketknives and sporting knives in McKean County, Pennsyl-vania. Zippo Manufacturing Company, mak-ers of the world-famous Zippo windproof lighter, owns Case Knives today. Zippo is another family-owned business based in Bradford, McKean County, since 1936. Clarion Industries has two divisions in Clarion County: Clarion Boards, which produces high-quality fiberboard used to manufacture products such as laminate flooring, furniture, fixtures, cabinetry, and moldings; and Clarion Laminates, the only Made in the USA laminate flooring manufacturer of its kind. Emporium Powdered Metal, Inc. in Cameron County is a powdered metal manufacturer staffed with more than 120 years of combined experience. Welch’s in Erie County is particu-larly known for its grape juices, jams, and jellies made from dark Concord grapes and its white Niagara grape juice. Clearfield Machine Company has been producing custom machining since 1868 in Clearfield County. Since 1830, the Woolrich name has stood for the best in sportswear for men and women, and it continues to make outerwear that combines comfort and function in Woolrich, Pennsyl-vania, in Clinton County. Major leaguers have been swinging our fine Pennsylvania hardwoods, thanks to Jefferson County’s BWP Bats. BWP’s slogan is ‘‘Built With Pride.’’ Huntingdon County’s Bonney Forge has a state-of-the-art forge facility ca-pable of manufacturing our entire line of forged steel fitting and forged steel valve products since 1875. Diamond Back Truck Covers is a company two Penn State students started in their garage in 2003. They made heavy-duty, utility-oriented dia-mond plate aluminum truck bed covers for pickup trucks in Philipsburg, Penn-sylvania, in Centre County. Domtar Paper Company in Elk Coun-ty is the largest integrated producer of uncoated free-sheet paper in North America and the second largest in the world, based on production capacity. Pull-A-Pump in Potter County manu-factures portable pump pulling ma-chines for those in need of water well technology, with a unique dual trac-tion belt design that is second to none. Whirley Industries Incorporated in Warren County designs, develops, and produces products for the food and bev-erage industry. Centre County also boasts many new rising stars in high-tech industries, in-cluding KCF Technologies, a dynamic technology company that develops and commercializes products for industry and the military. Mr. Speaker, this is just a sample of the manufacturers who employ our friends and neighbors in Pennsylva-nia’s Fifth Congressional District. These companies and many others produce quality, American-made prod-ucts, and we cannot be more proud to celebrate them during Made in Amer-ica Week. 
f 
DUTY TO VOTE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. C
OHEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, the most fundamental right in our country is voting. The Pew Charitable Trust recently did a study on registration and voting in each State. I am sad to say that my State of Tennessee came out pretty bad. We were 40th in the number of people registered in our State. About 78 per-cent of the people were registered to vote. In turnout, we were last. Only 28.5 percent of the people in Tennessee voted. This was based on the 2014 elec-tions. The 2018 elections will determine a lot about who sits in this House, who sits in the Senate, and, eventually, who sits on the Supreme Court. It is imper-ative that everybody register to vote so that they can vote in the November elections, not just in Tennessee, but everywhere in the country, and that everyone turn out to vote so the voting totals are a fair representation of the people, all the people, if we are going to have a House and a Senate that is representative of America. What occurred in Helsinki and what was brought out with the indictments by Special Counsel Mueller show how much the Russians think of our elec-tion system, that they got involved in a cyber attack on our country to defeat a candidate. We should care as much about our electoral system as the Russians. We should care more about it. The fact that more than 20 percent of the citi-zens in my State do not register and do not vote is appalling. With the continued threat to the electoral system in 2018, it is so impor-tant that we at least make it difficult for the Russians to have an impact. That means that each and every citizen needs to register, register others as their civic duty, vote as their civic duty, and make their voices heard. Otherwise, this room will not represent ‘‘America the Beautiful.’’ f 
WORKFARE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. H
OLDING ) for 5 minutes. Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I would like to say a few words this morning about the work that we have been doing here in the House to add workfare requirements to the food stamp program. President Ronald Reagan once stat-ed: ‘‘The Federal Government declared war on poverty, and poverty won.’’ That is as true today as it was when President Reagan said it. Over the last five decades, Congress has spent more than $22 trillion of tax-payers’ money on government welfare programs. The result: 50 years later, the poverty rate stands unchanged. If anyone ever needed more proof that more government isn’t the solution to every problem, here is the proof. If you were to measure success solely on how much taxpayer money the gov-ernment spends to solve a problem, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:31 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.002 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6267 July 17, 2018 
then the government’s war on poverty has been wildly successful. After all, we now have 13 Federal agencies run-ning more than 80 government welfare programs. But if we judge success based on how many people have been able to rise out of poverty to take care of themselves and their families, these government programs have failed. So what have we learned after spend-ing $22 trillion? It is simple: Workfare helps people stand on their own two feet. It helps people get off the welfare treadmill. For example, before Congress re-formed Temporary Assistance for Needy Families, also known as TANF, to incorporate a strict work require-ment, there were 4.9 million families on the welfare rolls. Now, thanks to workfare reforms, we have seen 3.3 mil-lion families rise out of welfare depend-ence. That is a success. b1015 In 2014, when Maine began enforcing workfare for able-bodied adults with-out dependents who are receiving food stamps, the Maine caseload decreased by 80 percent within months. The simple requirement that able- bodied adults without dependents should work in order to receive welfare benefits, paired with job search assist-ance and training opportunities, works. It gets people out of welfare and into the workforce. We have learned that it makes a pro-found difference in people’s lives when they understand that welfare is not meant to be a handout but, actually, a hand up. Now, we need to apply these lessons about the benefits of workfare to more government welfare programs like food stamps and housing. That is especially important today because, with the economy growing, thanks to tax re-form, job openings recently hit a record high of 6.6 million, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. By tak-ing a stand for workfare requirements, we now have an opportunity to move millions of Americans from reliance on welfare to work and financial inde-pendence. I commend the House for passing a farm bill that includes a strong workfare requirement for able-bodied adults without dependents. We have opened the door to welfare reforms that will help put people on the road to self-reliance, and I encourage my col-leagues to build on this foundation and continue to stand up for workfare in-stead of welfare. 
f 
BIZARRE BEHAVIOR The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D
EFAZIO) for 5 minutes. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, a year ago, I was on a congressional trip with the Judiciary Committee into the Bal-kan region. A number of the countries there, living in the shadow of Russia and, also, the aggression of the Serbian allies of the Russians were very con-cerned about their security and their future. Russia has, obviously, invaded Cri-mea, is supporting rebels in Ukraine, and is deeply involved in Syria to sup-port the dictator there. Now, in this last week, our President went to Europe, and he went to a meet-ing of our closest allies and NATO, which these countries on the periphery of Russia feel is critical to their de-fense. And he seems to—or did—delib-erately so dissent and insult our two longest and strongest allies in NATO: Germany and England. He seemed to be facilitating the Rus-sian agenda there: Let’s weaken NATO. Let’s cause dissent in Europe. But that couldn’t be. He is the Presi-dent of the United States. Of course he wouldn’t be doing that. No. He was just being a businessman and trying to ex-tract bigger payments out of them. He didn’t mean to weaken or threaten the future of the alliance. Then yesterday, in a sort of very bi-zarre moment, he meets alone with a professional KGB agent-dictator of Russia, Vladimir Putin. We don’t know what went on in that room. Maybe they watched videotapes. I don’t know. But the President came out again and, this time, directly attacked the United States of America. How could this be? He said that he does not believe that our intelligence agencies—his hand-picked head of the DNI, Dan Coats, told him the Russians had interfered and proved to him the Russians had interfered in our election. He said that once about a year ago. But then he comes out with Vladimir Putin and says: Well, I asked him about it. He says they didn’t do it. You know, there’s two sides to this. We did it. They did it. Who knows. Whatever. It doesn’t matter. Our basic institutions, our democ-racy, has been attacked by Russia, and Dan Coats says they are going to do it again in this election year. What can explain this bizarre behav-ior on the part of the President of the United States? I couldn’t figure it out, so I went to my bookshelf and I said: Hmm, I’ll look around my bookshelf. Maybe I’ll find something. I found two books. It is my rec-ommended reading list to explain President Trump and some of what is going on in America today. The first would be ‘‘The Manchurian Candidate.’’ The second would be the dystopian novel, George Orwell’s ‘‘1984.’’ Read them and weep. f 
THE 12TH WOMAN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) for 5 minutes. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Meghan is a fourth-generation Texas A&M Aggie. Her decision to attend the prestigious school was never a question in her mind. It was an amazing experi-ence, until it wasn’t. One morning, while serving as a tutor in the athletic department, a member of the Fighting Aggies football team twice her size exposed himself to her not 2 feet away, making sexual ad-vances toward Meghan and becoming aggressive. Terrified and shocked, she abruptly left the room, trying to re-main calm as he followed her. Unbe-knownst to Meghan, her assailant had done the same thing to another tutor just hours before. Mr. Speaker, Meghan feels she did not get justice against her attacker. Instead, she tells me, she was failed by a university that was not totally com-mitted to protecting victims. Meghan was scared of the upcoming process, scared to go back to work, ter-rified she might run into this indi-vidual again. Before the hearing, the university claimed she did not need a lawyer; the assailant wasn’t facing any criminal charges. So she didn’t hire a lawyer. But she received no notice that her as-sailant had hired a lawyer. Months later, Meghan’s assailant was found not responsible for exposing him-self to both tutors, with the panel stat-ing it appeared he had a skin condition and simply couldn’t control himself. The response she received was noth-ing short of appalling. The school said: Sorry, Meghan, that you were offended, but there is nothing else we can do. So she appealed the case. She still be-lieved in the university and that the university would provide some justice for her. At the appeals hearing, she was informed that the charge against her attacker had been downgraded from sexual exploitation to sexual harass-ment; therefore, she was removed from the remainder of the hearing. Doesn’t that seem odd, Mr. Speaker? Also, no one from the university title IX office ever contacted her. She never received any information regarding what sanctions her assailant received, if any. Of course, Mr. Speaker, her as-sailant was allowed back onto the foot-ball team. Meghan felt abandoned by the uni-versity, and she thought the accused was protected due to his special status. As a former judge, I agree with Meghan that universities must put the safety and care of sexual assault vic-tims first, make it a priority. Together with CAROLYN MALONEY and J ACKIE  S
PEIER , we have introduced several pieces of bipartisan legislation to end sexual assault on campuses. First, the Bipartisan Campus Ac-countability and Safety Act, intro-duced by Congresswoman C
AROLYN  M
ALONEY , does many things, including establishing a mandatory victim advo-cate on campus and ensuring assault situations like Meghan’s do not occur. Second, the HALT Campus Sexual Violence Act, which will be introduced this week by Congresswoman J
ACKIE  S
PEIER and me, makes sure that the universities do not shirk their legal re-sponsibilities when responding to sex-ual assault crimes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:31 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.004 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6268 July 17, 2018 
Texas A&M is not alone in this fight to provide a voice for victims. Accord-ing to the National Sexual Violence Resource Center, each year one in five women will be assaulted while in col-lege. That is a staggering statistic. Mr. Speaker, Meghan said it best: ‘‘A&M has a chance to be fearless on every front and to be fearless in the face of such horrible things that are happening to victims.’’ I applaud Meghan for having the courage to come forward and publicly tell her story to the world. Other vic-tims who have been suffering in silence have been inspired to come forward and rally the cause, forming an organiza-tion called the 12th Woman, a group of determined women dedicated to stop-ping sexual assault on our university campuses. This is not a question of loyalty and pride in Texas A&M. It is a call to ac-tion. The 12th Woman is relentless in bringing change to the way univer-sities address sexual assault not just at A&M, but across the United States. Mr. Speaker, Congress needs to listen to Meghan and her band of sisters and do what is necessary to make sure our universities are safe from sexual as-sault on campus. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
WE HAVE TO ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, once again, I rise because I love my country. I am proud to say that I am an American. Mr. Speaker, I rise today because I believe that, when democracy is at risk and the Republic is on the line, you have to take a stand. I rise today because to be silent could be concluded as being acquiescent. To be silent can be said to be complicit. To be silent, according to Dr. King, at some point can be said to be seen as be-trayal. I rise because I love my country. Be-cause I love my country, I will not allow myself to be driven by polls. I thank God that the great freedom fighters, the great wrong-righters were not driven by polls. If Dr. King, Rosa Parks, the great freedom fighters, had been driven by polls, I wouldn’t be standing here today. They drove the polls. They didn’t ad-just to the polls. They had the polls, the people who gave their thoughts, to adjust to righteousness. So I rise today to speak truth to power, not driven by polls, not driven by political expediency. I rise today to let the world know that our country is better than what we saw in Helsinki. I rise today to say to my colleagues: We have to act. Yes, we can talk about all of the atrocities imposed upon our society by this President, but that is not enough. At some point, we have to act, and more and more people are starting to say what that action is. More and more of the people who present the news and give commentary are starting to say what that action is. It is unfortunate that we haven’t got-ten to the point where we are going to act not withstanding the polls, we are going to act notwithstanding political expediency, we are going to act because there is a moral imperative to remove a President from office who puts de-mocracy at risk and the Republic on the line. There is a moral imperative for us to take a stand. And we can do all of the things that can lead up to what the Framers of the Constitution afforded us. We can do many things, but Article II, section 4 of the Constitution was created for a time such as this and a President such as Trump. Mr. Speaker, there is a solution to a President who puts himself above his country. The Framers of the Constitu-tion knew that we would have this mo-ment in time, and they gave us the so-lution. We but only have to have the courage, the intestinal fortitude, to stand up for our country and impeach this President. The time has come. No more political expediency. No more driven by the polls. Stand for our country on a moral imperative. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. f 
INFLUENCING ELECTIONS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. D
UNCAN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, last year CNN reported that the U.S. had interfered or attempted to influence presidential elections in other countries at least 81 times. This is probably a very conservative esti-mate. This report came from a study by Professor Dov H. Levin of Carnegie Mellon University and apparently was just the tip of the iceberg. His study covered just years up to 2000, and these activities may have increased since that time. Professor Levin defined an interven-tion as ‘‘a costly act which is designed to determine the election results in favor of one of the two sides.’’ He said these acts were carried out in secret two-thirds of the time and included ‘‘funding the election campaigns of specific parties, disseminating misin-formation or propaganda, training locals of only one side in various cam-paigning or public announcements on threats in favor of or against a can-didate, and providing or withdrawing foreign aid.’’ He reported that in 59 per-cent of these cases the side that re-ceived assistance came to power. In a December 21, 2016, article, the Los Angeles Times said: ‘‘The U.S. has a long history of attempting to influ-ence presidential elections in other countries.’’ b1030 The newspaper reported, that ‘‘the CIA has accused Russia of interfering in the 2016 Presidential election by hacking into Democratic and Repub-lican computer networks and selec-tively releasing emails.’’ But the Times added: ‘‘But critics might point out that the U.S. has done similar things.’’ I am not criticizing our government’s activities in this regard. Some of it has been good, designed to fight com-munism and promote freedom around the world. However, some of it has probably been wasteful, and, at times, has increased hatred for the U.S. We are involved, in many ways, in almost every country around the world through our State Department, Agency for International Development, the CIA, the Defense Department, and just about every Federal department and agency. Most countries take an active interest and involvement in U.S. Presi-dential elections through their citizens and former citizens who now live in this country. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  this article from the Los Angeles Times. 
[From the Los Angeles Times, Dec. 21, 2016] T
HEU.S. I SNOSTRANGER TO INTERFERING IN  
THEELECTIONS OF OTHER COUNTRIES  (By Nina Agrawal) Update: President Obama on Thursday slapped Russia with new penalties for med-dling in the U.S. presidential election, kick-ing out dozens of suspected spies and impos-ing banking restrictions on five people and four organizations the administration says were involved. The CIA has accused Russia of interfering in the 2016 presidential election by hacking into Democratic and Republican computer networks and selectively releasing emails. But critics might point out the U.S. has done similar things. The U.S. has a long history of attempting to influence presidential elections in other countries—it’s done so as many as 81 times between 1946 and 2000, according to a data-base amassed by political scientist Dov Levin of Carnegie Mellon University. That number doesn’t include military coups and regime change efforts following the election of candidates the U.S. didn’t like, notably those in Iran, Guatemala and Chile. Nor does it include general assistance with the electoral process, such as election monitoring. Levin defines intervention as ‘‘a costly act which is designed to determine the election results [in favor of] one of the two sides.’’ These acts, carried out in secret two-thirds of the time, include funding the election campaigns of specific parties, disseminating misinformation or propaganda, training locals of only one side in various cam-paigning or get-out-the-vote techniques, helping one side design their campaign mate-rials, making public pronouncements or threats in favor of or against a candidate, and providing or withdrawing foreign aid. In 59 percent of these cases, the side that received assistance came to power, although Levin estimates the average effect of ‘‘par-tisan electoral interventions’’ to be only about a 3 percent increase in vote share. The U.S. hasn’t been the only one trying to interfere in other countries’ elections, ac-cording to Levin’s data. Russia attempted to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:31 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.006 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6269 July 17, 2018 
sway 36 foreign elections from the end of World War II to the turn of the century— meaning that, in total, at least one of the two great powers of the 20th century inter-vened in about 1 of every 9 competitive, na-tional-level executive elections in that time period. Italy’s 1948 general election is an early ex-ample of a race where U.S. actions probably influenced the outcome. ‘‘We threw everything, including the kitch-en sink’’ at helping the Christian Democrats beat the Communists in Italy, said Levin, in-cluding covertly delivering ‘‘bags of money’’ to cover campaign expenses, sending experts to help run the campaign, subsidizing ‘‘pork’’ projects like land reclamation, and threat-ening publicly to end U.S. aid to Italy if the Communists were elected. Levin said that U.S. intervention probably played an important role in preventing a Communist Party victory, not just in 1948, but in seven subsequent Italian elections. Throughout the Cold War, U.S. involvement in foreign elections was mainly motivated by the goal of containing communism, said Thomas Carothers, a foreign policy expert at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace. ‘‘The U.S. didn’t want to see left-wing governments elected, and so it did engage fairly often in trying to influence elections in other countries,’’ Carothers said. This approach carried over into the imme-diate post-Soviet period. In the 1990 Nicaragua elections, the CIA leaked damaging information on alleged cor-ruption by the Marxist Sandinistas to Ger-man newspapers, according to Levin. The op-position used those reports against the San-dinista candidate, Daniel Ortega. He lost to opposition candidate Violeta Chamorro. In Czechoslovakia that same year, the U.S. provided training and campaign funding to Vaclav Havel’s party and its Slovak affiliate as they planned for the country’s first demo-cratic election after its transition away from communism. ‘‘The thinking was that we wanted to make sure communism was dead and bur-ied,’’ said Levin. Even after that, the U.S. continued trying to influence elections in its favor. In Haiti after the 1986 overthrow of dic-tator and U.S. ally Jean-Claude ‘‘Baby Doc’’ Duvalier, the CIA sought to support par-ticular candidates and undermine Jean- Bertrande Aristide, a Roman Catholic priest and proponent of liberation theology. The New York Times reported in the 1990s that the CIA had on its payroll members of the military junta that would ultimately unseat Aristide after he was democratically elected in a landslide over Marc Bazin, a former World Bank official and finance minister fa-vored by the U.S. The U.S. also attempted to sway Russian elections. In 1996, with the presidency of Boris Yeltsin and the Russian economy flailing, President Clinton endorsed a $10.2-billion loan from the International Monetary Fund linked to privatization, trade liberalization and other measures that would move Russia toward a capitalist economy. Yeltsin used the loan to bolster his popular support, tell-ing voters that only he had the reformist credentials to secure such loans, according to media reports at the time. He used the money, in part, for social spending before the election, including payment of back wages and pensions. In the Middle East, the U.S. has aimed to bolster candidates who could further the Israeli-Palestinian peace process. In 1996, seeking to fulfill the legacy of assassinated Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin and the peace accords the U.S. brokered, Clinton openly supported Shimon Peres, convening a peace summit in the Egyptian resort of Sharm el Sheik to boost his popular support and inviting him to a meeting at the White House a month before the election. ‘‘We were persuaded that if [Likud can-didate Benjamin] Netanyahu were elected, the peace process would be closed for the sea-son,’’ said Aaron David Miller, who worked at the State Department at the time. In 1999, in a more subtle effort to sway the election, top Clinton strategists, including James Carville, were sent to advise Labor candidate Ehud Barak in the election against Netanyahu. In Yugoslavia, the U.S. and NATO had long sought to cut off Serbian nationalist and Yugoslav leader Slobodan Milosevic from the international system through economic sanctions and military action. In 2000, the U.S. spent millions of dollars in aid for polit-ical parties, campaign costs and independent media. Funding and broadcast equipment provided to the media arms of the opposition were a decisive factor in electing opposition candidate Vojislav Kostunica as Yugoslav president, according to Levin. ‘‘If it wouldn’t have been for overt intervention . . . Milosevic would have been very likely to have won another term,’’ he said. 
SUPPORTING CONGRESSMAN JIM JORDAN  
Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, there is greater turnover in elective offices today than ever before. And in my 30 years in Congress, I have now served with almost 1,500 other Members. Almost all have been good, kind men and women. But one of the best, one of the kindest is my friend, J
IMJORDAN . Now, Congressman J
ORDAN has been attacked with one of the dirtiest, most low-down political hit jobs that I have ever seen. He has been accused of knowing about, but failing to report, sexual abuse that occurred 25 to 30 years ago. This alleged abuse was done not by Mr. J
ORDAN but by another man, a team doctor, who has been dead for 13 years. And this abuse was not done to little boys or girls. It was supposedly done to grown adult men, Ohio State wrestlers, none of whom reported it at the time. The timing is so suspicious coming out now when Mr. J
ORDAN may be seek-ing a leadership post. He is supposed to have known about this because of lock-er-room banter. All the coaches and many of his play-ers have defended Mr. J
ORDAN , calling him one of the most honest men they know. Surely, Mr. Speaker, even though politics of hatred is prevalent today, surely we are not going to stoop to convicting people based on locker- room banter or gossip. 
f 
WATER SUPPLY IN THE VALLEY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. C
OSTA ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I draw at-tention to the human right to have water to sustain ourselves. Benjamin Franklin once said about this precious resource, water, that ‘‘When the well’s dry, we know the worth of water.’’ In the San Joaquin Valley, I can tell you we know the worth of water. It is the lifeblood of our Valley commu-nities and our agricultural economy. We like to say, Where water flows, food grows. The Valley is one of the most ad-vanced agricultural regions in the world. We produce over 250 crops that provide over 50 percent of the United States’ fruits and vegetables on Amer-ica’s dinner table every night. The bounty of nature of food that we produce is coaxed out of the ground by some of the hardest working people you will ever meet, farmers and farm-workers, and it relies on a clean and re-liable water resource. And America’s food supply, make no mistake about it, is a national security issue. I have spent decades working for commonsense short- and long-term so-lutions to address California’s broken water system. When I served in the California legislature, I carried mul-tiple bonds that were passed that pro-vided over $2 billion for crucial water projects. While in Congress, I have advanced legislation that have improved water supplies and funding for projects in many different ways: The North Valley Regional Recycled Water Program, which helps irrigate over 44,000 acres in western Merced and Stanislaus Coun-ties with local and recycled water, and the San Luis-Delta Mendota Intertie project, which brings up to over 35,000 acre-feet of water annually to most of our rural Valley communities to ad-vance efforts that are so important, that make a difference. In addition, that doesn’t include the success of the WIIN Act, bipartisan leg-islation which I helped lead through 4 years of tough negotiations. It became law in 2016. The WIIN Act creates more flexibility to move water based on real- time water realities and provides au-thorization for $563 million in Federal funds for water projects, like expand-ing Shasta Reservoir, like raising San Luis Reservoir, and like creating Tem-perance Flat. Just this month, legislation I intro-duced to allow local water districts to improve the efficiency of dams passed the House. I call on the Senate to move this bill to the President’s desk. In the Valley, this would allow the Merced Irrigation District to advance a project to raise the spillway at New Exchequer Dam. This would increase the supply of water, over 56,000 acre- feet of water—much needed. However, it seems like every time we are able increase our drought resil-ience, State or Federal regulators de-cide that they need to take more water from the Valley. It is wrong and it is unfair. The most recent attempt to repur-pose the Valley water supplies came earlier this month by the California State Water Board. Staff released the final draft of a plan that is simply un-acceptable. And I must say, it is pretty easy to reallocate water when it is not your water supply. That is what the State board did. The plan, if adopted, will effectively double the amount of water that must 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:31 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.005 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6270 July 17, 2018 
remain in the San Joaquin River tribu-taries. This will force thousands of acres of farmland out of production, ravaging communities across the Val-ley, and weakening America’s food se-curity and its supply. The board staff claims these changes are necessary to prevent total collapse of the fisheries in the Delta. But this plan will not save fish, sadly. It does not address the other problems that faces the fisheries; namely, rising water temperatures, lack of food, habi-tat, and increased predators, none of which have anything to do with the water flows. This plan is in direct conflict with another California law that mandates we must use our groundwater more sustainably, which must be done. We must come into balance. However, it is impossible to use groundwater sustainably when we must pump groundwater to replace the surplus water that is being taken away. These actions are in conflict. It doesn’t make any sense. Our agricultural economy is showing tremendous innovation, growing twice as much food on a fraction of the water that we used to receive. But we have reached the tipping point—a point where the taking of the resource out-strips our ability to innovate. Without water, we cannot feed Amer-ica or maintain our quality of life, our sustenance. Our Valley and our Nation need long-term solutions that provides for reliable sources of safe drinking water, water for agricultural indus-tries, as well as for our cities. We, in the Valley, the San Joaquin Valley will continue to fight for the water we need to grow America’s food. Because, in the Valley, we know the worth of water. We know it when the well runs dry, as Benjamin Franklin said. So, in conclusion, we must work to-gether in California to fix our broken water system for the long-term bene-fits of America’s food supply. 
f 
LANSDALE MURAL ARTS PROGRAM The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a program in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, that brings together members of our community to celebrate artistic ex-pression and economic opportunity. The Lansdale Mural Arts Program seeks to beautify areas in Lansdale by painting murals on buildings in need of rehabilitation. By improving the aes-thetics of many of these beloved com-munity landmarks, the Lansdale Mural Arts Program hopes to enhance the economic and social value of the serv-ices and goods that the building’s ten-ants provide. Started in 2013, the Lansdale Mural Arts Program has painted the walls of local businesses: Chantilly Floral, Wes Carver Electric, The Underground at Round Guys Brewing Company, and perhaps the most profound, an Amer-ican flag mural at the Lansdale VFW Post. Currently, the program is looking to continue its work on the American Le-gion Post 206 building, and I applaud the Lansdale Mural Arts Program for their work, especially organizers Margie Booz and Ellen Foulke for their thoughtfulness and dedication to our community. RECOGNIZING THE ANN SILVERMAN COMMUNITY  
HEALTH CLINIC  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize a nonprofit organiza-tion in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, that serves to protect the health and dignity of residents across our commu-nity. The Ann Silverman Community Health Clinic in Doylestown provides medical and dental care, along with so-cial services to low-income and impov-erished individuals at no cost. Offering these critical services will not be possible without the tireless ef-forts of a highly skilled staff and vol-unteer doctors and nurses. These dedi-cated professionals deserve our rec-ognition, and, recently, Dr. Kieran Cody of Bucks County Orthopedic Spe-cialists was named Volunteer Physi-cian of the Year for his services to the clinic and his patients over the past 10 years. Throughout his tenure, Dr. Cody has performed countless surgeries and MRI services, following in the footsteps of his father, Dr. Kevin Cody, who has spent 19 years volunteering at the clin-ic. I thank Drs. Kieran and Kevin Cody for their service, and I extend my grat-itude to the Ann Silverman Commu-nity Health Clinic executive director, Sally Fabian-Oresic for her leadership. 
RECOGNIZING CHARLES BRISKIN AND RACHEL  
KOHLBRENNER OF THE SHIR AMI CONGREGATION  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize two members of our community in Bucks County, Pennsyl-vania, who will be continuing their service to the Jewish faith at Shir Ami Congregation in Newtown. Charles Briskin and Rachel Kohlbrenner both joined Shir Ami as rabbi and cantor, respectively. Rabbi Briskin, who for the past 10 years has led Temple Beth El in San Pedro, California, was ordained in 2001 and studied at the Hebrew Union Col-lege Jewish Institute of Religion. Cantor Kohlbrenner previously served as cantor for the Central Syna-gogue-Beth Emeth in Rockville Centre, New York, and studied at the Debbie Friedman School of Sacred Music of Hebrew Union College. I welcome Rabbi Charles Briskin and Cantor Rachel Kohlbrenner to our com-munity and wish them all the best as they embark on the newest chapters of their career. And I thank their predecessors, Rabbi Joel Simon and Cantor Emeritus Mark Elson for their service and spir-itual wisdom that they have blessed our community with for so long. f 
HONORING CORPORAL JOSEPH MACIEL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N) for 5 min-utes. Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Corporal Joseph Maciel, who was killed July 7 from in-juries sustained while in Afghanistan in support of Operation Freedom’s Sen-tinel. Corporal Maciel was only 20 years old and is remembered by those who loved him for his infectious smile and love for his country. According to his father Jose, Corporal Maciel knew in high school that he wanted to serve his country. And when he enlisted in the Army, he made his family proud. Corporal Maciel was a beloved mem-ber of our community, admired by his family and those he served alongside. He gave his life for freedom, and we are forever indebted to his service and to him. I extend my deepest sympathy and condolences to the family of Corporal Joseph Maciel’s friends and family in South Gate, California, in my district, and I thank him for his service and his family for their sacrifice. 
CUTS TO EPA FUNDING  
Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, for the last year, in my congressional dis-trict, California’s 44th District, which includes the communities of Compton, Watts, South Gate, and the Port of Los Angeles, we have been fighting to make sure we have access to clean air and to clean water. We learned several months ago that there is something called chromium-6 in the air, which is a deadly chemical that causes respiratory problems and can lead to cancer. Now, who oversees to make sure that these polluters are cracked down on and that we make sure that polluters are held accountable? The EPA, the Environmental Protection Agency. This week this House is expected to consider FY 2019—fiscal year 2019, the Interior-Environment appropriations bill as part of a two-bill minibus. Now, this Republican bill puts the health and safety of American people at risk. What does it do? It is going to cut the Environmental Protection Agency by $100 million. You heard me right. They are going to cut funding for the EPA. This is the agency that oversees at making sure that polluters are held ac-countable. That, my friends, will put the American people in jeopardy, and those polluters that are going around, across the country and polluting things, like chromium-6 that is killing our kids and our seniors and causing asthma and respiratory problems, it is going to make it easier for them to pol-lute. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:31 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.009 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6271 July 17, 2018 
b1045 What else does it do? It slashes clean water grant programs by $300 million. In my community in Compton, Cali-fornia, we recently had a brown water crisis. It is still going on. There is brown water coming out of the faucets. We don’t have to think too far back as to what happened in Flint, Michigan. To think that we are having a vote this week that is going to cut $300 mil-lion—money that is used to invest in America’s water infrastructure—is ap-palling. When I heard about it this week, I thought it was important that the American people know about it. This is what should be on the front page of the newspapers. This is what the media should be reporting on, what is happening in this Congress and how the American people are put at risk when such cuts are happening to the very agencies that are put there to pro-tect us, so that we ensure that we have clean air and clean water. As somebody who serves as the chair of two environmental task forces here in Congress, we cannot allow this to continue to happen without raising our voices, calling our elected officials, calling our offices, and speaking out about what the American people want. And this is one: Clean air and clean water is a basic right that everybody is entitled to. I believe this bill is going to take us backward. It is going to hurt us. And it really hurts our ability to make sure that we continue to look at things like climate change. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote against this, and I urge the Amer-ican people to have their voices heard. 
f 
POWERS OF THE PRESIDENT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) for 5 minutes. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, there are moments in history that re-quire the deliberate and thoughtful re-sponse of the most powerful body in the world, the United States Congress, this House and the other House. While Americans are preparing for recreation and fellowship with family members during this period of summer, when schoolchildren are out, as others are dealing with the excruciating heat, others dealing with the impact of cli-mate change, gun violence, the need for putting back in the terrible cuts of the Republican budget on Medicare and Medicaid, and a number of other issues dealing with their communities and neighborhoods, and, I would say, frank-ly, keeping their children safe and rec-ognizing the values of this Nation that include not snatching children away from family members, I get that and I understand the responsibility of this Congress to pass laws, to work together to ensure that the beauty of what America stands for, her values and her opportunities for so many others, is heard. But I also think it is important be-cause, as I have traveled in the last 24 hours, I saw Americans concerned about their Nation and wanting to be able to understand what transpired in Helsinki yesterday, Monday, July 16. As many have said, Republicans and Democrats, it was a disgraceful display of unpatriotic behavior. The tragedy of it is that it came from the Commander in Chief of this Nation. As I read the Constitution, it says that executive power shall be vested in a President of the United States, and he shall hold his office for a period of time. His powers under section 2 in-clude that the President shall be Com-mander in Chief of the Army and Navy of the United States, and of the militia of several States, when called into ac-tual service. And, as well, it indicates that he shall appoint ambassadors. That is translated into the Presi-dent’s responsibilities over the intel-ligence communities and many aspects of our defense. Also, the power of the President articulates the foreign policy of this Nation. Yesterday, the display that was shown was that the foreign policy, and the patriotism, and the stature, and the leadership, and the Constitution of the United States became a footstool to a despot by the name of President Putin. No one is against engagement, diplo-macy, or resolving conflict, but Presi-dent Putin stands very proudly as ex- KGB to have poisoned his own citizens, to have shot journalists, to have shot down an airplane over Ukraine with 300 innocent family members, children, and others, and, as well, has taken over a land of another country. So here we stand with this picture to the world. As well, when posed a ques-tion of, who do you believe, the Com-mander in Chief, to the absolute dis-may of those of us who have lived through 9/11 here in Congress, and who saw the loss of life in conflicts like Iraq and Afghanistan, were amazed that the sacred aspect of our work, and that is voting, was determined by the intelligence community of this Nation, that Russia invaded in our 2016 election and literally stole the election, and will continue to do so today, as empha-sized by the Director of National Intel-ligence, Director Coats, and the intel-ligence community. A report given by the Mueller inves-tigation indicted 12 intelligence agents of Russia—not of any other country, not civilians, but intelligence agents, military—who had direct orders from President Putin. You would think that the President of the United States would forcefully say to the President: Stop it and stop it now. That is a patriot. That is one who has the powers of the Presidency under Ar-ticle II, section 2. Yet this is what came about. Presi-dent Trump was asked by a reporter: ‘‘You first. Just now, President Putin denied having anything to do with the election interference in 2016.’’ It is amazing how my time goes be-cause I am talking about the Presi-dent. But, in any event, let me con-clude by saying that this document re-ports that the President said that he stands with Putin over the United States of America. Congress must de-mand the transcripts. We must have congressional hearings, Mr. Speaker. This is a serious matter. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 52 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Eternal God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. Strengthen the constitutional com-mitments of the Members of this peo-ple’s House in their work today. Guide and sustain them in Your wisdom and inspire all, especially those in leader-ship, with the insights needed to assist our Nation at this time. Bless all who are responsible for the security and safety of our Nation in to-day’s world. Grant them a surfeit of courage and resolve to execute their re-sponsibilities with integrity and faith-fulness. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.012 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6272 July 17, 2018 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Washington (Mr. K
ILMER ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. KILMER led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-tain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
NATO COMMITMENT (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, on Friday, The Washington Times correctly reported on the front page about the NATO conference that ‘‘President Trump’s bare-knuckles di-plomacy paid off.’’ ‘‘Mr. Trump declared that the U.S. remained committed to the military alliance.’’ The Brussels Declaration of July 11 itself confirmed: ‘‘We will share fairly the responsibilities of defending each other. Real progress has been made across NATO. . . . But even if we have turned a corner, we need to do more, and there will be further progress.’’ Today, I am grateful to welcome a delegation from Bulgaria as a valued NATO ally. Chairperson of the Foreign Policy Committee, Dzhema Grozdanova of the National Assembly, who also is chair of the Friendship group Bulgaria-USA, is leading a dele-gation of assembly members to Wash-ington, coordinated by Ambassador Tihomir Stoytchev. It is inspiring to see young Bulgarians and Americans training together at the base at Novo Selo to establish peace through strength. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
LET THERE BE LIGHT (Mr. KILMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, in 1961, in the face of a challenge from the Sovi-ets, President Kennedy visited the Uni-versity of Washington and said we are neither ‘‘warmongers nor appeasers. Neither hard nor soft. We are Ameri-cans, determined to defend the fron-tiers of freedom.’’ He pointed out the university’s motto is: ‘‘Let there be light,’’ and asked: ‘‘What more can be said today, regarding all the dark and tangled problems we face, than: Let there be light.’’ It is the unanimous view of the United States intelligence community that Russia used social media to influ-ence our elections in 2016. After yester-day, Americans from all viewpoints called on Congress to stand up for our interests to protect our elections from Russian influence. I offered the Honest Ads Act as an amendment to the bill we are voting on today. This bipartisan bill simply es-tablishes the same disclosure require-ments for online ads that currently apply to political ads on television and radio. So today, Congress had the chance to stand up to Russia and pass the Honest Ads Act, but like the President a day ago, this body failed to act. Mr. Speaker, Congress has a duty to defend the frontiers of freedom. So, let there be light. Let’s pass the Honest Ads Act and shine a light on the dark-est corners of our election systems so that Russia can never again use our news feeds to influence our elections. f 
INVESTING IN AMERICAN WORKERS (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I recently introduced the Skills Investment Act of 2018 with Con-gressman D
EREK KILMER to allow American workers to invest in their own futures. This bill would create lifelong learn-ing accounts workers could use to pay for skills-based education, career-re-lated learning, and professional devel-opment. In an ever-changing economy, I know that such accounts would be put to good use. As co-chair of the bipartisan House Career and Technical Education Cau-cus, I fully support expanding access to skills-based educational opportunities and professional development. The tax treatment of these savings accounts would be similar to a health savings account. Mid-career workers could contribute up to $4,000 tax free each year, with a maximum contribu-tion limit of $10,000. Employers would receive a 25 percent tax credit for con-tributions to a worker’s account. Workers of all ages can use the account at any time to learn skills to make them more competitive as the economy changes. This bill is a commonsense approach to investing in the American worker. I encourage my colleagues to cosponsor it today. 
f 
SURRENDERING OUR VALUES (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, like many Americans, yesterday I watched and was dumbfounded by the words and the actions of the President of the United States as he betrayed our principles and our national interests on the world stage. Never before have we seen a Presi-dent of the United States so quickly surrender our longstanding values and our national security interests to an adversary like Vladimir Putin. The President’s pathetic performance was an embarrassment for the United States. Just last week, of course, his own Justice Department indicted 12 Rus-sian intelligence agents for the very act that he denied ever took place. When he had a chance to take sides be-tween American interests and the American intelligence community, he wrapped his arms around Vladimir Putin, a KGB spy with a history of jamming his opponents and killing journalists. This is outrageous. f 
NORTH KOREA BRUTALIZES ITS PEOPLE (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, North Korea’s nuclear program is per-haps the greatest threat to U.S. na-tional security, but we must never for-get the horrendous plight of the North Korean people. Little Kim and his dynasty are guilty of some of the worst human rights abuses in human history. Freedom of religion and freedom of speech do not exist in North Korea. Christians are routinely arrested, tortured, impris-oned, and executed, their families sent to prison camps for ‘‘guilt by associa-tion.’’ Reports estimate that almost 130,000 political prisoners are suffering brutal conditions in highly secret work camps around North Korea. Systematic mur-der, torture, rape, forced abortions, starvation, and overwork are leading to countless deaths every day, and the Kim regime is giving no signs of relent-ing. Despite any nuclear agreement, we must make it clear that the United States will never waiver in its support for basic human dignity of the North Korean people. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
TRADE ADJUSTMENT AUTHORITY (Mr. SCHNEIDER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, Presi-dent Trump’s trade war is spiraling out of control and American workers and businesses are paying the price. Back home in Illinois, already more than $3.8 billion in exports have been targeted for retaliation. I have heard from numerous working companies hurting from this misguided approach. They are struggling with new, high costs and are now less able or less like-ly to hire or expand. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.014 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6273 July 17, 2018 
Today, I am introducing legislation to help American businesses affected by the Trump tariffs. Trade Adjust-ment Assistance was created in 1962 to help U.S. workers and U.S. firms adapt to competition caused by changing trade policies. My bill would expand the Trade Adjustment Assistance for Firms to add reduced exports resulting from retaliatory tariffs as a qualifying factor for the TAA program. I also enthusiastically support simi-lar legislation by my Democratic col-leagues being introduced this week to provide similar assistance to impacted workers and farmers. President Trump needs to end this damaging trade war. Until he does, we need to provide relief to the businesses and workers who are adversely stuck with the consequences. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. 
f 
RECOGNIZING JOHN COMERFORD OF BLACKBURN COLLEGE (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and thank my friend, John Comerford, for his years of service and leadership as president of Blackburn College in Carlinville, Illinois. In his nearly 5 years as Blackburn’s president, John provided tremendous leadership and helped implement inno-vative policies with tuition assistance and providing students with valuable work experience. Under his leadership, Blackburn Col-lege has steadily grown its enrollment, renovated several buildings on campus, and implemented policies that provide local students with access to college. Under Blackburn’s Macoupin Prom-ise program, which was created last year, high school students in Macoupin County can attend Blackburn College for free if they meet the college’s aca-demic standards, participate in the work program, and their household in-come falls below a set threshold. Beginning this month, John will be moving to Otterbein University in Ohio, where he will serve as president. I wish John nothing but the best in the future and thank him for his leader-ship, feedback, and, most of all, his friendship. 
f 
BUILDING A NEW BUFFALO (Mr. HIGGINS of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, at the foot of Main Street in Buffalo lies the DL&W Terminal, a cen-tury-old, vacant historic landmark along the Buffalo River that once served as a bustling stop for passengers traveling by both ship and rail. A plan by the Niagara Frontier Transportation Authority will trans-form this piece of western New York history into a destination that serves a Buffalo of today and tomorrow, cre-ating a multimodal center for people traveling by rail, automobile, bikes, and boats. The DL&W Terminal is a project under consideration for a Federal grant through the United States Department of Transportation’s Better Utilizing In-vestments to Leverage Development, otherwise known as the BUILD pro-gram. I stand today in support of the NFTA’s grant application for the DL&W Terminal, which serves as a na-tional model for financing of infra-structure investments delivering sig-nificant economic impact. Surrounded by Canalside, the Cobble-stone District, downtown Buffalo, and the Buffalo Niagara Medical Campus, development of the DL&W represents a transformative project building on the economic renaissance of the new Buf-falo. f 
TAX REFORM FEEDBACK (Mr. NORMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. NORMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to share that in 6 short months, tax reform has transformed lives and businesses in South Carolina. I recently sent out two postcard sur-veys to over 50,000 of my constituents asking them how tax reform has af-fected them. I have received great feed-back, with over 70 percent saying they saw increased pay or benefits. One example I received in the Fifth District is from the Mattox family, a self-employed couple in Clover. They said that, due to their tax cuts this year, they are going to finally be able to buy new equipment for their busi-ness. The Mattox family also believes these tax cuts should remain perma-nent for all middle class families be-cause of the benefits they personally see occurring in their community. As a result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, South Carolinians are now seeing opportunities and confidence coming back to their families and small busi-nesses. 
f 
TRUMP BLAMES AMERICA FIRST (Mr. DOGGETT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, I rise to respectfully call upon our Republican colleagues to stand up for America by standing up against and rejecting President Donald Trump’s surrender to murderous dictator Vladimir Putin. Putin may well have elected Trump, but Putin is against us all, Democrats and Republicans alike, and he is against our cherished democracy. Without his congressional Repub-lican enablers, Trump cannot continue to coddle the Russians at the very time that his Director of National Intel-ligence, lifelong Republican Dan Coats, is warning that we are under sustained Russian attack. In his embarrassing, fawning praise of Putin, Trump expresses no concern for Putin’s military shooting down a civilian airliner four years ago today; Putin’s agents poisoning his enemies and jailing his opponents; Putin’s inva-sions of Ukraine and Georgia; and Putin’s interference and attacks on our elections, as certified by U.S. intel-ligence agencies. Don’t await your retirement to stand up and address the truth of Trump’s be-trayal of our country. f 
b1215 PROTECTING FIRST AMENDMENT RIGHTS (Mr. EMMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, with ac-cess to millions of Americans’ personal information, the IRS is one of the most powerful agencies in Washington. Unsurprisingly, the agency has failed to secure that information from abuse. That is why I was pleased to see the Treasury Department announce it will no longer require certain tax-exempt organizations to file personally identi-fiable information about their donors as part of their annual returns. While the House has taken steps to limit schedule B disclosures of the tax- exempt organizations, the latest an-nouncement from the IRS will exempt some 45,000 nonprofits from the report-ing rule, including conservative organi-zations, but also unions and social wel-fare groups. Today, one’s political views can spark passion, hatred, even refusal of service at a restaurant. In an extreme case, your life may be threatened at baseball practice. Regardless of political affiliation, Americans should feel comfortable do-nating to a cause or candidate of their choice without living in fear of re-prisal. I applaud the administration’s recent action and encourage this Con-gress to join their effort and defend the First Amendment rights of every American. 
f 
PROTECT PENSION PLANS (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, last week in Columbus, Ohio, thousands of Amer-ican retirees gathered to demand Con-gress act. Pension plans for more than 1 million retirees and union workers are in dan-ger of collapse if something is not done soon. More than 60,000 Ohio workers alone could be impacted, and millions across our Nation face cuts in their earned retirement benefits. Retirees traveled from as far as Utah to Columbus as the Select Committee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.017 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6274 July 17, 2018 
on Solvency of Multiemployer Pension Plans held a field hearing to hear from retirees and employers. Their jobs ranged from coal miners to truck driv-ers to candymakers. As Perry Rapier from Pennsylvania said at the rally: ‘‘We’ve worked and sweat and toiled into this position, and we’ve earned that pension; and now to know that somebody that’s sitting be-hind a desk is willing to take that from us, we’re going to stand up and fight for that.’’ Retirement security is an American value. Workers’ pensions must be pro-tected. Congress must find a solution to their earned pensions and give secu-rity to the retirement years of millions of hardworking Americans. Mr. Speaker, I urge this Congress to act before this Congress ends. 
f 
RULE OF LAW (Mr. OLSON asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, countries that were part of the old Soviet Union are now growing democracies, but they face ongoing interference from the new Soviet Union, Russia. The country of Georgia is one such country. Georgia and those nations that were behind the Iron Curtain are now work-ing to improve their democracies. A strong economy allows these countries to grow and stand on their own. That is why Georgia and others seeking real freedom must work harder on the international stage to keep American and Western money flowing. This money goes away if the rule of law is not followed. It is simple: Follow the rule of law; prosperity follows. Don’t follow the rule of law; poverty follows. This simple act will make our world more free. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF KURT VON TILLOW (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Kurt von Tillow. Kurt attended the Route 91 festival in Las Vegas on October 1. Kurt en-joyed owning his own trucking com-pany in northern California. He would often go to concerts and was happy to be going to the Route 91 festival with a number of his relatives. Kurt and his wife loved to take golf-ing trips to Scotland and Ireland, and they loved to boat. He was fun, friend-ly, and liked to enjoy good beer. Kurt is remembered as being very patriotic and a big family man. I would like to extend my condo-lences to Kurt von Tillow’s family and friends. Please know that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and the whole country grieves with you. EXPRESSING AGREEMENT WITH STATEMENT OF THE SPEAKER REGARDING RUSSIAN INTER-FERENCE IN THE 2016 ELECTIONS (Mr. MCGOVERN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, H. Res. 999 was introduced by our col-league E
LIOT ENGEL from New York. Basically, what it says is that the House of Representatives expresses its agreement with the statements of the Speaker of the House of Representa-tives made on July 16, 2018, regarding the Russian Federation’s interference in the 2016 United States elections and related matters. It basically, again, is an endorsement word for word of what the Speaker of the House said, a very strong state-ment, basically making it clear that there was no question that Russia interfered in our election and con-tinues to attempt to undermine our de-mocracy here and around the world. It is not just the finding of the Amer-ican intelligence community but also of the House Intelligence Committee. 
f 
REQUEST THAT COMMITTEES OF REFERRAL BE DISCHARGED FROM FURTHER CONSIDERATION OF H. RES. 999 Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that any commit-tees of referral be discharged from fur-ther consideration of H. Res. 999, ex-pressing agreement with the state-ments of the Speaker of the House of Representatives made on July 16, 2018, regarding Russian Federation inter-ference in the 2016 United States elec-tions and related matters, and I ask for its immediate consideration in the House of Representatives. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. N
ORMAN ). Under guidelines consist-ently issued by successive Speakers, as recorded in section 956 of the House Rules and Manual, the Chair is con-strained not to entertain the request unless it has been cleared by the bipar-tisan floor and committee leaderships. 
f 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRY Mr. M
CGOVERN. Parliamentary in-quiry, Mr. Speaker. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman will state his parliamentary in-quiry. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, how do I get this cleared? Maybe I can yield to the gentleman from Oklahoma, who can maybe, in a gesture of bipartisan-ship, agree that it would be a strong statement for the House of Representa-tives to come together, Democrats and Republicans, and get behind the strong words of our Speaker of the House. Would that be appropriate? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has not been notified of clear-ance for the request by the gentleman. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, my question was: How do I get it cleared now that I am on the floor? Can I ask the Republicans if they would agree to it? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The clearance comes from the leaderships and the committees. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H. RES. 996, DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPRO-PRIATIONS ACT, 2019 Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 996 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 996 Resolved, That at any time after adoption of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6147) making appropriations for the Department of the In-terior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equal-ly divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. An amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115-81 shall be con-sidered as adopted in the House and in the Committee of the Whole. The bill, as amend-ed, shall be considered as the original bill for the purpose of further amendment under the five-minute rule and shall be considered as read. Points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, for failure to comply with clause 2 or clause 5(a) of rule XXI are waived except as follows: beginning with the colon on page 251, line 5, through ‘‘2012’’ on page 251, line 8. Where points of order are waived against part of a paragraph, points of order against a provision in another part of such paragraph may be made only against such provision and not against the entire paragraph. No further amendment to the bill, as amended, shall be in order except those printed in the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution and pro forma amendments described in section 2 of this resolution. Each further amendment printed in the report of the Committee on Rules shall be considered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, may be withdrawn by the proponent at any time before action thereon, shall not be subject to amendment except as provided by section 2 of this resolution, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such further amendments are waived. At the con-clusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and re-port the bill, as amended, to the House with such further amendments as may have been 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.019 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6275 July 17, 2018 
adopted. The previous question shall be con-sidered as ordered on the bill and amend-ments thereto to final passage without inter-vening motion except one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. S
EC. 2. During consideration of H.R. 6147 for amendment, the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Appro-priations or their respective designees may offer up to 10 pro forma amendments each at any point for the purpose of debate. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Oklahoma is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, for the pur-pose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), my good friend, pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolu-tion, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, yesterday the Rules Committee met and reported a rule for consideration of H.R. 6147, the Department of Interior, Environ-ment, and Related Agencies Appropria-tions Act of 2019, which also includes the Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Act of 2019. The rule provides for 1 hour of de-bate, equally divided and controlled by the chair and the ranking member on the Appropriations Committee. Mr. Speaker, the appropriations package in front of us is the third in-stallment of the House’s effort to pass all 12 appropriations bills on the floor for fiscal year 2019. We have previously passed appropriations bills covering Energy and Water, Military Construc-tion, Veterans Affairs, Legislative Branch, and Defense. Today we turn to the work of the Ap-propriations Committee Subcommit-tees on the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies and Financial Serv-ices and General Government. Once the House finishes its work for the week, we will have passed 6 of the 12 appropriations bills across the floor. Overall, the package covers $58.65 bil-lion in spending. Of those funds, $35.25 billion are allocated to the Interior bill and $23.4 billion to the Financial Serv-ices bill, which is equal to the enacted level for fiscal year 2018 for both of these bills. The package represents many months of work by the Appro-priations Committee. Mr. Speaker, as I have so often said when discussing appropriations bills, today’s package represents the most fundamental duty of Congress, to fund the government and keep it open each year to continue to provide our con-stituents with the services they need and deserve. But, importantly, this package also fulfills an additional duty of Congress to the American people: its fiscally prudent stewardship of the tax-payers’ hard-earned money and to en-sure that we appropriately prioritize where and how to spend taxpayer dol-lars in the most efficient manner. Mr. Speaker, the Interior and Envi-ronment Appropriations bill funds crit-ical programs at the Department of the Interior, the Environmental Protection Agency, and other crucial areas. Among the areas of greatest impor-tance, the bill includes $3.9 billion for the Department of the Interior and the U.S. Forest Service to fight wildfires. It includes $500 million for payments in lieu of taxes to help local governments, and it provides $2.6 billion for the Clean Water and Drinking Water State Revolving Loan Fund. b1230 It funds the National Park Service at $3.25 billion, an increase of $53 million over fiscal year 2018. Of great import, not only to my home State of Okla-homa but to Native Americans all across the country, the bill honors our treaties and trust agreements by pro-viding $5.9 billion for the Indian Health Service and $3.1 billion for the Bureau of Indian Affairs and Indian Education. The bill also fulfills an additional commitment to the American people by including provisions to rein in the runaway regulatory agendas of parts of the Federal Government. It reduces the EPA’s regulatory programs by $228 mil-lion. It also fully repeals the economi-cally damaging waters of the United States rule and includes various prohi-bitions preventing the EPA from over-regulating agricultural operations and exempting livestock producers from EPA greenhouse gas requirements. The Financial Services and General Government portion of this bill pro-vides $23.4 billion across several impor-tant accounts. It provides $7.7 billion for the operation of the Federal court system. The bill also provides funding to help combat the opioid crisis, in-cluding $415 million for the Office of National Drug Control Policy, includ-ing $280 million for high-intensity drug trafficking areas and $118 million for other Federal drug control programs. It encourages responsible spending at the Internal Revenue Service by appro-priating $11.6 billion for IRS activities, an increase of $186 million over fiscal year 2018, and continues stringent over-sight and protections of taxpayer dol-lars that have been included in recent years. The bill provides $1.66 billion for the Securities and Exchange Commission and will help grow the economy by pro-viding $737 million, or full funding, in capital to various Small Business Ad-ministration loan programs. Perhaps most importantly, this bill includes provisions that will finally bring the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau under congressional oversight. Mr. Speaker, as you are aware, when the CFPB was created in the original Dodd-Frank Act, the new agency was allowed to operate without congres-sional oversight because it did not re-ceive appropriations. Consequently, since its inception, unelected bureau-crats at the CFPB have been allowed to operate entirely without congressional supervision. Today’s bill will remedy that and will ensure that the CFPB falls under congressional authority, oversight, and supervision once and for all. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all my col-leagues to support this rule and the un-derlying bill. The package before us represents a fulfillment of our most important responsibility as Members of Congress and provides appropriate funding in two divisions: Interior and Environment, and Financial Services and General Government. I applaud my colleagues on the Appropriations Com-mittee for their months of work in making this bill a reality and cheer their efforts on moving forward to completion of the fiscal year 2019 ap-propriations process. Mr. Speaker, I urge support for the rule and the underlying legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. (Mr. M
CGOVERN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. C
OLE), for yielding me the customary 30 minutes. Mr. Speaker, the measures included here aren’t just bad, they are dan-gerous. Take the Interior Appropria-tions bill. It would put the health and safety of Americans at risk by slashing funding to address climate change and enforce environmental safeguards. The EPA, the agency tasked with fighting carbon emissions, is cut by $100 million. That is especially ironic since the majority was completely un-willing to rein in the wasteful spending by its former Administrator, Scott Pruitt. This is someone who spent $43,000 on a soundproof phone booth, but the majority was silent. The Land and Water Conservation Fund is cut by $65 million. That is after Republicans cut it by a third in the last fiscal year. As many of my col-leagues know, I have been a champion of the LWCF, especially the stateside grant program where States provide a 50 percent match to grants that create more recreational and green open spaces in our districts. The people in communities in nearly every congres-sional district in the country have ben-efitted from these grants. We should be increasing, not cutting, LWCF. There is even language in the bill that would repeal a rule designed to protect our wetlands and waterways. State revolving funds were cut by $300 million, a $150 million cut to clean drinking water and a $150 million cut to clean water projects like water treatment and sewage programs. Mr. Speaker, the American people rely on Congress to make sure that the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.001 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6276 July 17, 2018 
water they drink is clean. What is going on with this bill? As always, Republicans have again attached several poison pill provisions that undermine the health and safety of our communities and the environ-ment. Every year—every year—provi-sions like these weigh down this bill. Mr. Speaker, when will my Repub-lican friends realize that harmful pro-visions like this are why the bill has to become law? I am especially outraged to see what the majority has done with the Financial Services Appropriations bill, especially after what we saw on Friday. That is when some of our worst fears were confirmed. As part of Special Counsel Robert Mueller’s investigation, Deputy Attor-ney General Rod Rosenstein announced charges against 12 Russian military in-telligence officers. They were accused of hacking the Democratic National Committee, hacking Hillary Clinton’s Presidential campaign, and hacking the Democratic Congressional Cam-paign Committee. The website of a State electoral board was also hacked. Voter information was stolen. Even the vendor of voting equipment was tar-geted for a cyber attack. And those in-dividuals involved in administering elections were also targeted. These charges are proof that our Na-tion, that our very democracy, is under attack. No troops were sent into com-bat. Not a single gun was fired. In-stead, an adversary turned the internet into a battlefield. That is the new face of warfare in the 21st century. Although the methods were different, this Congress should be responding the way we always have, by putting par-tisanship aside and putting our coun-try first by doing whatever it takes to ensure we are not left vulnerable again. But, Mr. Speaker, how is this major-ity responding? By using the Financial Services Appropriations bill to zero out funding for grants that help protect our election systems from cyber hack-ing. That is a cut of $380 million com-pared to what Congress enacted in fis-cal year 2018. The wolf is at the door, and my Republican colleagues are in-viting it inside for dinner. This is in-sane. The President tweeted, shortly after the election: ‘‘Unless you catch ‘hack-ers’ in the act, it is very hard to deter-mine who was doing the hacking.’’ Well, Mr. Speaker, it may be hard, but it is not impossible, because we now have a 29-page indictment from President Trump’s own Justice Depart-ment providing the roadmap. The in-dictment goes into extraordinary de-tail outlining how Russia successfully hacked into our election systems, how candidates and committees were suc-cessfully targeted—not by China or somebody sitting on their bed who weighs 400 pounds, as the President suggested, but by Russia, by Vladimir Putin. It is mind-boggling that even after this indictment, after Russia’s med-dling was laid bare, the President did not stand up to Putin. He held a sum-mit with him instead. He even told CBS News, in an interview before his sit down, that he ‘‘hadn’t thought’’ about raising the issue with Putin dur-ing their talk. It gets worse, Mr. Speaker. British investigators believe that current and former agents of the same Russian military intelligence service accused of disrupting our 2016 elections are also likely responsible for the nerve agent attack on a former Russian spy and his daughter in Salisbury, England, earlier this year. Sadly, it is no surprise that the President didn’t stand up to Putin. He never does. When President Trump was asked whether he was a friend or a foe, he recently called Putin a competitor instead, like this was all some kind of real estate deal. A President who calls the free press, journalists in the United States, ‘‘the enemy of the American people’’ time and time again is unwilling to call the leader of Russia a foe or even an adver-sary. It is disturbing. What kind of hold does Vladimir Putin have on this President, Mr. Speaker? So much so that the Presi-dent basically blamed the United States for much of the tensions be-tween the two countries. The President even deflected when asked whether he trusts the American intelligence community or Putin. The President may be satisfied by what he called Putin’s strong and pow-erful denial of election interference, but I am not, Mr. Speaker. I am dis-gusted. It is clear that an effort to defend our democracy will have to be led by Con-gress, because it is not coming from the White House. But we are not lead-ing when we make it easier for an ad-versary like Russia to attack us again. That is retreating. I remember learning about the sepa-ration of powers in school, how the leg-islative branch is a separate but equal branch of government. The Founders designed it that way so we could pro-vide a check on a President. Mr. Speaker, when are the Repub-licans in Congress going to provide a check on President Trump? He is cozying up to Putin instead of holding him accountable for hacking our elec-tion. As Senator S
CHUMER suggested, we should be increasing sanctions on the Russians. The Republican majority should be joining us, demanding the President’s national security team that accompanied him to Helsinki tes-tify before Congress, detailing what they know. It is past time that Republicans end their attacks on the Department of Justice, on the FBI, and on the special counsel. Already, 32 people and three companies have been either indicted or pleaded guilty under Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation. Now, we will see where else it leads, but there is al-ready evidence of clear wrongdoing. He should be able to finish his work without any interference. The majority should move a bill from Representative NADLER to the floor immediately, so we can protect the special counsel’s inves-tigation from the whims of this Presi-dent. President Trump has shown he is willing to fire his FBI Director. Mr. Speaker, are the Republicans really going to stand by and make it possible for him to fire Robert Mueller, too? This majority must also demand the President insist that the 12 Russians named in Friday’s indictment are sent to the United States to stand trial. The President should have already done this when he met with Putin, but, ap-parently, it was an afterthought. Maybe he was too busy admiring the strongman to stand up for his coun-try’s interests. I wish I were optimistic that Repub-licans would take these commonsense steps to protect our country, but I am not, not after what we saw in the Rules Committee last night. The majority failed to make in order an amendment by Representative Q
UIGLEY . It was ger-mane. But they failed to make in order his amendment that would provide $380 million to help States protect election systems from cyber hacking. This fund-ing should not have been zeroed out in the first place. Do my Republican friends see what is happening? Is anybody paying atten-tion over there? Russia meddled in our election, and your response is to zero out funding for an election security as-sistance program. Then, when we pointed it out and tried to put the money back, you blocked the amend-ment. You won’t even allow us to de-bate the program. That is the smallest step that they could have taken. In-stead, we can’t even have a debate on the floor. Apparently, the Republicans are afraid of having a fair fight about pro-tecting our democracy, and it is inde-fensible. If the President isn’t willing to do more to prevent Putin from doing it again, then this Congress has an ob-ligation to act, not gut the accounts that provide for election security. We can start standing up by voting against this rule and the underlying legislation. It doesn’t do nearly enough to protect our Nation against hostile foreign powers hell-bent on attacking our democracy. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume, and then I will turn and yield time to my friend from Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I just want to quickly respond to my friend’s concern about the Election Assistance Commission funds. As I am sure he is aware, that was the last installment last year, this fis-cal year, of a $365 billion authorization that was actually done back in 2002. Currently, 39 percent of those funds for this year are still available to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.022 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6277 July 17, 2018 
States. Actually, 19 States have yet to submit any sort of request, and the leg-islation itself has not been reauthor-ized. If the authorizing people reau-thorize it, I am sure we will revisit this matter. It also worth noting that anything added will be available only from Octo-ber 1, and the election is 5 weeks after that. So the idea that we are going to do something in that period of time, I think, is a bit of a red herring. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. G
IBBS), my good friend from the Seventh District. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the rule and the underlying legislation that provides funding for programs vital to the environmental and economic health of my home State of Ohio and the entire Great Lakes re-gion. This appropriations bill includes full funding, $300 million, for the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative. b1245 The GLRI is an important program focusing on critical environmental res-toration projects, such as improving water quality, fighting invasive spe-cies, and repairing native habitats for wildlife. The Great Lakes region supports over $200 billion in economic activity and is the world’s largest source of fresh water. Restoring and preserving the Great Lakes is good for our envi-ronment and good for the thousands of Ohioans whose livelihoods depend on a clean Lake Erie. Additionally, the bill repeals the bur-densome Obama-era waters of the United States rule, a bureaucratic overreach that expands EPA jurisdic-tion beyond congressional intent and in contradiction of court rulings. When the Obama administration an-nounced this rule, I heard from farm-ers, ranchers, local and State govern-ments, homeowners, and private prop-erty rights advocates. All agreed the Obama administration went too far, creating confusion and uncertainty about what would and would not fall under EPA jurisdiction. By repealing the flawed 2015 WOTUS rule, we are committing to work with State envi-ronmental agencies as partners in pro-tecting our Nation’s natural resources, rather than as adversaries. Finally, this appropriations bill maintains funding for the Clean Water State Revolving Fund, a valuable tool for State and local agencies to finance projects to ensure our municipalities have access to clean and affordable water. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to support the rule and passage of the legislation to keep the Great Lakes healthy and continue to improve our Nation’s water quality. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to respond to my good friend from Oklahoma who I think said that 39 percent of the funds are still left in the Election Assistance Commission account. Well, we still have 5 months left in this year, and does anybody here really believe that these attacks are going to stop? And shouldn’t we have money in the pipe-line? Shouldn’t we be prepared not just for this election, but for the election after that? This is about protecting our democ-racy, and I don’t understand why this is controversial. But no matter what you think about Mr. QUIGLEY ’s amend-ment, it was germane. It was relevant to this bill. It should have been brought up, and we should debate it. All we are asking for is a fair fight. We are deeply concerned about what is happening to our country, and we are especially concerned in the aftermath of President Trump’s disastrous meet-ing with Vladimir Putin. Mr. Speaker, now is the time for Con-gress to stand unified with the unani-mous assessment of our intelligence community. I ask my colleagues to defeat the pre-vious question. If we do, I am going to offer an amendment to the rule to bring up Representative E
NGEL ’s reso-lution, H. Res. 999, which follows word for word yesterday’s statement by Speaker R
YAN affirming Russia’s at-tacks on our democracy. This is the second time today that I am going to give my Republican friends a chance to go on the Record and agree with the words of the Repub-lican Speaker of the House, P
AUL R
YAN. Defending our democracy shouldn’t be controversial. Agreeing with the Re-publican Speaker that ‘‘the United States must be focused on holding Rus-sia accountable’’ should not be con-troversial. I would say to my friends, take yes for an answer. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of my amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Massachusetts? There was no objection. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) to discuss our pro-posal. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Massachusetts for yielding to me, and I want to strongly identify with his remarks. Mr. Speaker, I led the Foreign Affairs Committee Democrats last week urg-ing President Trump to cancel his meeting with Vladimir Putin because I knew this was going to turn out badly, but, frankly, I didn’t know how bad it would be. It turns out President Trump embarrassed himself and disgraced our Nation. Standing on foreign soil, the Presi-dent of the United States questioned America’s intelligence community; he attacked America’s law enforcement with bizarre conspiracy theories; he lobbed petty political insults; and he did it all while standing next to Amer-ica’s chief rival, Vladimir Putin. When faced head-on with the ques-tion, ‘‘Who do you believe?’’ President Trump sided with Putin and affirmed Putin’s brazen lies. This is the tyrant who directed attacks on America’s de-mocracy in an effort to elect Donald Trump and hurt Hillary Clinton. And, as Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats said, these attacks are still ongoing. As we all know, Putin is a ruthless leader who seeks to tear down our alli-ances, undermine Western unity, and destroy democracy. With the eyes of the world on them, it is plain that the President of the United States is now Putin’s willing accomplice, Putin’s poodle. It is outrageous; it is dis-gusting; it is dangerous; and it has been met with near universal con-demnation. Here is what Speaker RYANsaid just yesterday, and I agree with the Speak-er: 
There is no question that Russia interfered in our election and continues attempts to undermine democracy here and around the world. The President needs to understand that Russia is not our ally. There is no moral equivalency between the United States and Russia, which remains hostile to our most basic values and ideals, and that Russia must be held accountable. 
That is what our Republican Speaker said, and I agree with him. I have introduced this resolution so that the entire House can go on record agreeing with the Speaker, affirming that we stand with the Speaker. I deep-ly regret that a member of the Speak-er’s own party just blocked the House from speaking with one voice and tak-ing up this resolution by unanimous consent. We must reject the President’s capit-ulation to Putin; we must stand up for American leadership on the global stage; and we must demand that this administration treat Russia like the enemy it is. How can you treat Putin better than U.S. intelligence? It just boggles my mind. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent for the immediate consideration of the resolution I have just intro-duced, which is H. Res. 999. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would advise that all time has been yielded for the purpose of debate only. Does the gentleman from Oklahoma yield for purposes of this unanimous consent request? Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I am reit-erating my earlier announcement that all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only, and I will not yield for any other purpose. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Oklahoma does not yield; therefore, the unanimous consent re-quest cannot be entertained. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to defeat the previous ques-tion. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.024 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6278 July 17, 2018 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. S
COTT), the distinguished ranking member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, Federal administrative law judges, commonly known as ALJs, decide over 1 million cases a year, cov-ering everything from appeals of Social Security Disability and Medicare claims to disputes over black lung ben-efits and securities law violations. These are cases that can touch vir-tually all of our constituents. On July 10, President Trump issued an executive order that will undermine the quality and independence of ALJs and the impartiality of the decisions they render. It does so by changing the hiring standards for judges. The current standards guarantee that ALJs are fully qualified to serve. The executive order will replace those standards with a far more lenient sys-tem that would allow ALJs to be hired based on ideology or cronyism rather than experience and competence. This executive order, titled, ‘‘Ex-empting Administrative Law Judges from the Competitive Service’’ will open the door for the politicization of a profession that plays a defining role in the lives of millions of American fami-lies. Representatives E
LIJAH CUMMINGS , D
AVID CICILLINE , JOHN LARSON , and I filed an amendment to defund the exec-utive order and preserve the impar-tiality, independence, and competence of administrative law judges. Unfortu-nately, the majority on the Rules Com-mittee has refused to allow Members of Congress to vote on or even debate our amendment. The longstanding hiring standards for ALJs were designed to guarantee the legitimacy of their decisions. ALJs were required to have 7 years of trial- level experience as an attorney and successfully complete a six-part exam-ination. To insulate judicial decision-making from agency political pressure, the examination was conducted by the Office of Personnel Management, OPM, which maintained a list of the highest scoring applicants from which agencies can then select their candidates. All of that was jettisoned by the President’s executive order, which re-moves ALJs from the competitive serv-ice. Now the only requirements are that an ALJ must be a lawyer in good standing. This executive order is strongly op-posed by a broad spectrum of organiza-tions. The Federal Administrative Law Judge Conference, a nonpartisan, vol-untary professional association, warns, ‘‘now, any agency that wants to hire an ALJ needs no approval from OPM and can hire any attorney regardless of skill or experience. The new appoint-ment process will not afford members of the public the due process and fair hearings they deserve. Instead, it will give agency insiders and political loy-alists a job for which they may not be qualified but for which they will feel indebted.’’ The Association of Administrative Law Judges, which represents over 1,600 ALJs at the Social Security Ad-ministration, states that the Presi-dent’s order ‘‘will politicize our courts, lead to cronyism, and replace inde-pendent and impartial adjudicators with those who do the bidding of polit-ical appointees.’’ The American Association for Jus-tice writes: ‘‘It is important for all cases overseen by ALJs to have a neu-tral ALJ handling the case, not some-one who may be beholden to a par-ticular political party, hostile to a par-ticular agency or program, or other-wise politically motivated in their de-cisionmaking.’’ The American Bar Association writes: ‘‘By giving agency heads sole discretion to hire ALJs who will be making determinations affirming or overturning decisions rendered by that agency, the executive order has the po-tential to politicize the appointment process and interfere with the decisional independence of ALJs.’’ The American Bar Association says further that: ‘‘Nothing less than the in-tegrity of the administrative judiciary is at issue here. That is why it is crit-ical that Members of Congress have an opportunity to participate in the de-bate and help formulate a solution. The first step is to halt implementation of the executive order.’’ Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  the letters from those four organiza-tions. 
AMERICAN ASSOCIATION FOR JUSTICE , July 13, 2018. Hon. M
EMBERS OF THE HOUSE , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMEMBER OF CONGRESS : The American Association for Justice strongly opposes the Trump Administration’s recent executive order regarding the hiring and role of federal Administrative Law Judges (ALJs). An im-partial judiciary is central to the strength of our justice system, and ALJs should not be involved in the political process. The ALJ executive order threatens the American peo-ple’s right to a neutral arbiter and right to due process. It is vital that ALJs be independent and impartial. This executive order eliminates the process of selecting ALJs based on their qualifications, and instead allows these posi-tions to be filled by political appointees without any merit-based procedure. Admin-istrative proceedings should continue to be overseen and adjudicated by ALJs who are qualified, such as attorneys with at least seven years of litigation experience and who are vetted by the Office of Personnel Man-agement, as was the prior process. The ap-pointment of ALJs with no experience, who can gain appointment solely due to their fi-nancial contributions or other political in-centives so long as they possess a bar li-cense, could result in unfair, biased rulings for millions of Americans. The executive order will have a dev-astating effect on a vast array of cases, in-cluding cases before the Social Security Ad-ministration, Department of Labor, National Labor Relations Board, and Department of Health and Human Services. There are about 2,000 ALJs that decide over a million cases each year. Approximately 1,600 of those ALJs hear Social Security disability cases and render almost 700,000 decisions each year at the hearing level. It is important for all cases overseen by ALJs to have a neutral ALJ handling the case, not someone who may be beholden to a particular political party, hostile to a particular agency or pro-gram, or otherwise politically motivated in their decision-making. AAJ is especially concerned about bias against claimants seeking Social Security disability benefits. We urge you to oppose this executive order and to support Amendment #55, sponsored by Reps. Scott (VA), Cummings, Cicilline and Larson (CT), to Division B of Rules Com-mittee Print 115–81 (H.R. 6147). We greatly appreciate your support in protecting the American people’s right to due process. Sincerely, LINDA LIPSEN , CEO, American Association for Justice. 
[News Release From the Association of Administrative Law Judges, July 12, 2018] S
TATEMENT BY HON. MARILYN ZAHM, PRESI-
DENT OF THE ASSOCIATION OF ADMINISTRA -
TIVE LAWJUDGES (AALJ) ONWHITE HOUSE  E
XECUTIVE ORDER ON ADMINISTRATIVE LAW J
UDGES  President Trump’s executive order this week regarding the hiring and role of federal administrative law judges should concern anyone who has a Social Security Card. This is an assault on due process for the American people who have a right to a neutral arbiter. Currently, 1,600 of the roughly 2,000 federal ALJs hear Social Security disability cases. The president’s order calls for replacing the current merit system used to hire judges with a court-packing plan that will allow agency heads to hand pick judges who hear cases at the Social Security Administration and dozens of other federal agencies. This change will politicize our courts, lead to cro-nyism and replace independent and impartial adjudicators with those who do the bidding of political appointees. This is a decision that should be reversed. If allowed to go for-ward it would be the equivalent of placing a thumb on the scale of justice. 
AMERICAN BARASSOCIATION , Chicago, IL, July 16, 2018. Hon. P
ETESESSIONS , Committee on Rules, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. J
AMES MCGOVERN , Committee on Rules, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN SESSIONS AND RANKING  M
EMBER MCGOVERN : On behalf of the Amer-ican Bar Association and its over 400,000 members nationwide, I write to urge you to support consideration of Representative Scott’s proposed amendment to Division B of Rules Committee Print 115–81 during floor consideration of H.R. 6147. The amendment would prohibit the use of funds by the Office of Personnel Management or any other exec-utive branch agency for the development, promulgation, modification, or implementa-tion of the July 10, 2018, Executive Order Ex-cepting Administrative Law Judges from Competitive Service. The Executive Order (EO) is an ill-consid-ered and legally vulnerable response to the Supreme Court ruling in Lucia et al. v. Secu-rities and Exchange Commission, which held that SEC Administrative Law Judges (ALJs) are considered ‘‘inferior officers of the United States’’ and therefore require ap-pointment consistent with the Appointments Clause of the United States Constitution. The EO, which eliminates the nationwide, uniform, competitive selection exam process 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.027 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6279 July 17, 2018 
and weakens existing qualifications stand-ards, gives each agency head the unfettered authority to hire ALJs based on criteria es-tablished by the agency. In fact, the EO spe-cifically states that it gives agencies greater discretion to assess critical qualities, includ-ing the applicant’s ‘‘ability to meet the par-ticular needs of the agency,’’ which are, of course, left entirely to the agency to define. There is no doubt that changes to the cur-rent selection and appointment process for ALJs are required by Lucia, but we believe that those changes should be instituted after there has been an opportunity for Congress and the public to engage in an open and de-liberative process that considers possible op-tions for curing the constitutional defects in the current process. We hope this includes an examination of ways to assure that safe-guards remain in place that respect the unique adjudicative role of ALJs and retain public confidence in the system. If adopted, the Scott amendment, by halting implemen-tation of the EO, would allow congressional and public engagement on this important issue. A fair and impartial administrative judici-ary is indispensable to our system of justice. Vast numbers of Americans are involved in administrative adjudicative proceedings every day, and the decisions rendered by ALJs in these proceedings often affect their lives in profound ways. By giving agency heads sole discretion to hire ALJs who will be making determina-tions affirming or overturning decisions ren-dered by that agency, the EO has the poten-tial to politicize the appointment process and interfere with the decisional independ-ence of ALJs. Nothing less than the integrity of the ad-ministrative judiciary is at issue here. That is why it is critical that Members of Con-gress have an opportunity to participate in the debate and help formulate a solution. The first step is to halt implementation of the EO. We therefore urge you to allow the House to vote on the Scott amendment when it de-liberates on H.R. 6147. Sincerely, H
ILARIE BASS, President. 
[From the Federal Administrative Law Judges Conference, July 11, 2018] E
XECUTIVE ORDER ON ADMINISTRATIVE LAW J
UDGES LOWERS STANDARDS AND REDUCES  I
NDEPENDENCE  W
ASHINGTON , DC.—On July 10, 2018, Presi-dent Donald J. Trump issued an executive order eliminating the competitive process to select nonpartisan Administrative Law Judges (ALJs) based on qualifications dem-onstrated through courtroom experience and an examination process. These positions may now be filled by inexperienced political ap-pointees. Nearly two thousand ALJs decide over a million cases each year. Americans are far more likely during their lifetime to encoun-ter a federal ALJ than any other type of judge. Since 1947, administrative proceedings, under the Administrative Procedure Act (APA), have been objectively overseen by presidents from both political parties with-out partisan interference. In enacting the APA, Congress ensured that agency judges must be both highly qualified and inde-pendent from political influence. Until yesterday, federal agencies hired ALJ candidates with 7 years of litigation ex-perience. Candidates were ranked based on their scores on a six-part examination con-ducted by the Office of Personnel Manage-ment (OPM). Now, any agency that wants to hire an ALJ needs no approval from OPM and can hire any attorney regardless of skill or experience. The new appointment process will not af-ford members of the public the due process and fair hearings they deserve. Instead, it will give agency insiders and political loyal-ists a job for which they may not be quali-fied but for which they will feel indebted. As judges, we are disappointed that a merit selection system that produced nonpartisan judges for seven decades was eliminated by the stroke of a pen. We call for presidential reconsideration or Congressional interven-tion to restore the ALJ merit selection sys-tem. The Federal Administrative Law Judges Conference (FALJC), established in 1947, is a nonpartisan voluntary professional associa-tion for federal ALJs. FALJC is dedicated to improving the administrative judicial proc-ess, presenting educational programs, and ensuring due process and judicial independ-ence in administrative proceedings. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, unfortunately, by refusing to allow this amendment to come to the floor, the majority has denied Members the opportunity to have an important de-bate on this issue. Rather than avoid-ing the issue, the majority should be standing up for a just and impartial re-view process. Rather than refusing a vote on this amendment, the majority should be joining us in holding the ad-ministration to account. Mr. Speaker, I am disappointed by the majority’s opposition to consider this issue that affects so many con-stituents across the country. I, there-fore, urge Members to oppose the rule. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the majority has filled the Financial Services Appropriations bill with anti-Home Rule riders that meddle in local D.C. affairs. Not one or two provisions, which would be bad enough, but five. One would prohibit D.C. from using its own funding to carry out Initiative 77, which eliminates the tipped min-imum wage. That is an initiative, by the way, that passed recently with 56 percent of the vote. Last night in the Rules Committee, the Republicans even made in order the Palmer amendment. This would pre-vent the District from implementing its local individual responsibility re-quirement. If passed, this amendment would increase health insurance pre-miums and cause residents to lose ac-cess to affordable coverage options. Mr. Speaker, why are the Repub-licans continuing to interfere in local D.C. government? Where are the small- government conservatives? Where is the Freedom Caucus? They should be outraged by this meddling. Congresswoman E
LEANOR HOLMES  N
ORTON filed amendments to strike these riders and spoke in the Rules Committee last night. She asked a pretty simple question: Don’t my Re-publican friends have their own dis-tricts to worry about? Her amendments complied with the rules of the House, yet they were blocked from getting a vote on the floor. We can’t even debate them here. The majority is afraid of a fair fight. We are long past the point of break-ing the record for being the most closed Congress in the history of the United States of America. This is more of the same for the most closed Con-gress in history, but that doesn’t make it right, Mr. Speaker. When will the Republicans finally say, ‘‘Enough’’? So enough with the meddling in D.C. affairs, enough with overriding the will of local residents, and enough with the restrictive amendment process. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from the District of Co-lumbia (Ms. NORTON ). b1300 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, first I want to thank the ranking member for his very cogent remarks that go to the principle of the matter before the House today. I have to say, I come to the well of the House in outrage against the at-tack on the District of Columbia by the Republican House. In 1973—that is 45 years ago—Congress passed the Dis-trict of Columbia Home Rule Act, which created the locally elected gov-ernment. Understand that after the Civil War, it is Republicans who first gave the District of Columbia the right to have its own home rule, a tradition that this Republican majority has repudiated. According to the Home Rule Act, a central purpose of the act was, and I am quoting, ‘‘to relieve Congress of the burden of legislating upon essentially local District matters.’’ President Nixon, who signed the bill, affirmed that purpose himself when he wrote—and I am going to quote Presi-dent Nixon: ‘‘One of the major goals of this administration is to place respon-sibility for local functions under local control and to provide local govern-ments with the authority and re-sources they need to serve their com-munities effectively. The measure I signed today represents a significant step in achieving this goal in the city of Washington. It will give the people of the District of Columbia the right to elect their own city officials and to govern themselves in local affairs. ‘‘As the Nation approaches the 200th anniversary of its founding, it is par-ticularly appropriate to ensure those persons who live in the Capital City the rights and privileges which have long been enjoyed by most of their countrymen. But the measure I signed today does more than create machin-ery for the election of local officials. It also broadens and strengthens the structure of city government to enable it to deal more effectively with its re-sponsibility.’’ Signed, Richard Nixon. How do we square those words and the bipartisan Home Rule Act with a fiscal year 2019 appropriation bill which is the most significant abuse of congressional power over the District 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.003 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6280 July 17, 2018 
of Columbia since Republicans took control of the House in 2011? This bill repeals two D.C. laws and prohibits the city from spending its local funds, consisting only of local taxes raised in the city by local citi-zens, not a cent of it raised from this House, to either carry out or enact three laws. I filed amendments to strike all five of these undemocratic riders. Even though my amendments complied with the House rules, the Rules Committee did not make any of them in order, afraid, apparently, of debate on this matter before the people of the United States. Adding insult to injury, the Rules Committee piled on by making in order two additional anti-Home Rule riders. If this bill stands, there will be a record seven anti-Home Rule riders in it. Some of these riders come back every year, and yet we have been able to get them off every year in conference. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P
OLIQUIN ). The time of the gentle-woman has expired. Mr. M
CGOVERN. I yield the gentle-woman from the District of Columbia an additional 1 minute. Ms. NORTON. This Republican ma-jority endlessly touts their support of local affairs—a lie, as long as that prin-ciple stops at the District of Columbia border, and Republicans interfere with the spending and laws of a local juris-diction not their own. Pardon me for being angry, but I re-mind my colleagues that the 700,000 American citizens who live in the Dis-trict of Columbia pay the highest Fed-eral taxes per capita in the United States and have fought and died in every war since the Revolutionary War; yet they have no voting represen-tation on this House floor, even on their own appropriation, and no rep-resentation in the Senate at all. These riders amount to bullying that takes unfair advantage of the District of Columbia. No wonder we are making headway on our D.C. statehood bill, but it should not take statehood. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has again ex-pired. Mr. M
CGOVERN. I yield the gentle-woman from the District of Columbia an additional 30 seconds. Ms. NORTON. It should not take statehood for any district to be treated with respect and fairness. We have been successful in cleaning up the D.C. appropriation in the past, and we will be successful again. The people of the District of Columbia will not let you get away with bullying them after they have paid their Fed-eral taxes the way every Member of this House has. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how many more speakers the gentleman has on his side. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I am pre-pared to close whenever my friend is. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time I have left to close. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Massachusetts has 2 min-utes remaining. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, when Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein announced the charges against 12 Russian military of-ficers on Friday, he said: ‘‘We need to work together to hold the perpetrators accountable, and we need to keep mov-ing forward to preserve our values, pro-tect against future interference, and defend America.’’ Well, Republicans and Democrats working together need to come to-gether to defend this country. That shouldn’t be controversial. It should be common sense, and it should be above partisanship. But we have a President who prob-ably tunes out anything the Deputy Attorney General says because Presi-dent Trump is too busy attacking the special counsel investigation on a near- daily basis. He calls it a witch hunt and even worse, and that is despite the fact that the Justice Department has issued more than 100 criminal counts against more than 30 people and three companies. Numerous associates of the President have pled guilty, and his former campaign chairman is sitting in jail today. Or maybe more accurately, Mr. Speaker, the President attacks Robert Mueller’s investigation because of that fact, because the special counsel could be closing in on even more possible wrongdoing. Where there is smoke there is usually fire, and there is at least a lot of smoke so far. So, given the President’s action, we need, as a Congress, to step it up. We need to hold Russia accountable and prevent this kind of hacking from ever happening again because the President, who is unwilling to say even publicly that he trusts the American intel-ligence community over Vladimir Putin, will not. Mr. Speaker, I am asking my col-leagues to defeat the previous question so we can go on record as disagreeing and condemning what the President did in Helsinki, which was such a betrayal of our values. And what we are asking to do is to vote to endorse the Speaker of the House, the Republican Speaker of the House’s words. I mean, quite frankly, we should have a resolution of disapproval on the floor, or maybe even a censure, given what the President did. But we are saying let’s come together in a bipartisan way, and let’s make a statement that we disagree with what the President did, what his behavior was. So vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous ques-tion, and vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. Let me make a couple of comments in response to my friend. It was the last President, not this President, who told Russian leaders that he would be more flexible after an election. It was the last President, not this President, who said Russia was not a geopolitical threat and chastised Mitt Romney when he raised it in the cam-paign. And it was the last President, not this President, who drew a red line and then refused to enforce it. If you actually look at the R
ECORD , it is this administration and this party that, frankly, has begun to restore America’s defenses after years of ne-glect by the last administration. That is not good news for Russia. It is this administration that has also encouraged and cajoled some of our allies to increase their defense level up to the levels that they, them-selves, had committed to. It was this President that twice en-forced red lines in Syria. It was this Congress that adminis-tered ever-increasing penalties on Rus-sian sanctions. So I think if you look at the actions, the actions are pretty impressive. But I want to actually get back to the matter at hand, Mr. Speaker. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I want to en-courage all Members to support the rule. Today’s bill represents the next step toward fulfilling our primary obli-gation as Members of Congress: funding the Government of the United States. Although not perfect, the bill before us today will lead to the completion of the House’s work on two more appro-priations bills. We will provide funding for important government activities like fighting forest fires, funding the Indian Health Service, enforcing tax and securities laws, and funding our national parks; and we will ensure that the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau is no longer allowed to operate without congressional oversight. While I look forward to completing our work and passing all 12 appropria-tions bills, this legislation represents an important step along the way to ful-filling that goal. I applaud my col-leagues on the Appropriations Com-mittee for their work. The material previously referred to by Mr. M
CGOVERN is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 996 O FFERED BY  M
R. MCGOVERN  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new section: S
EC. 3. Upon adoption of this resolution the House shall be considered to have adopted the resolution (H. Res. 999) expressing agree-ment with the statements of the Speaker of the House of Representatives made on July 16, 2018, regarding Russian Federation inter-ference in the 2016 United States elections and related matters. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.029 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6281 July 17, 2018 
offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R-Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the pre-vious question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15-minute vote on ordering the previous question will be followed by 5- minute votes on: Adopting the resolution, if ordered; and Agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 230, nays 183, not voting 15, as follows: [Roll No. 331] YEAS—230 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—183 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—15 
Black Ca´rdenas Crowley Ellison Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hill Jackson Lee Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Roby Shea-Porter Simpson Speier Walz 
b1336 Messrs. SOTO and O’HALLERAN changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. PALMER changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 331. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.010 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6282 July 17, 2018 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 229, noes 184, not voting 15, as follows: 
[Roll No. 332] AYES—229 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—184 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—15 
Black Ca´rdenas Clark (MA) Crowley Ellison Garamendi Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Jackson Lee Lujan Grisham, M. Roby Shea-Porter Simpson Speier Walz 
b1344 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated against: Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 332. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, for personal reasons, I was unable to vote today. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 331 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 332. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. ELECTING A MEMBER TO CERTAIN STANDING COMMITTEES OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the House Re-publican Conference, I send to the desk a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 1000 Resolved, That the following named Mem-ber be, and is hereby, elected to the fol-lowing standing committees of the House of Representatives: C
OMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOVERNMENT  R
EFORM : Mr. Cloud. C
OMMITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND TECH-
NOLOGY : Mr. Cloud. 
Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that the resolution be considered as read. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Washington? There was no objection. The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or votes objected to under clause 6 of rule XX. The House will resume proceedings on postponed questions at a later time. 
f 
PRO BONO WORK TO EMPOWER AND REPRESENT ACT OF 2018 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 717) to promote pro bono legal services as a critical way in which to empower survivors of domestic vio-lence, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 717 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Pro bono Work to Empower and Represent Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘POWER Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) Extremely high rates of domestic vio-lence, dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking exist at the local, State, tribal, and national levels and such violence or behavior harms the most vulnerable members of our society. (2) According to a study commissioned by the Department of Justice, nearly 25 percent of women suffer from domestic violence dur-ing their lifetime. (3) Proactive efforts should be made avail-able in all forums to provide pro bono legal services and eliminate the violence that de-stroys lives and shatters families. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.034 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6283 July 17, 2018 
(4) A variety of factors cause domestic vio-lence, dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking, and a variety of solutions at the local, State, and national levels are nec-essary to combat such violence or behavior. (5) According to the National Network to End Domestic Violence, which conducted a census including almost 1,700 assistance pro-grams, over the course of 1 day in September 2014, more than 10,000 requests for services, including legal representation, were not met. (6) Pro bono assistance can help fill this need by providing not only legal representa-tion, but also access to emergency shelter, transportation, and childcare. (7) Research and studies have dem-onstrated that the provision of legal assist-ance to victims of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking re-duces the probability of such violence or be-havior reoccurring in the future and can help survivors move forward. (8) Legal representation increases the pos-sibility of successfully obtaining a protec-tive order against an attacker, which pre-vents further mental and physical injury to a victim and his or her family, as dem-onstrated by a study that found that 83 per-cent of victims represented by an attorney were able to obtain a protective order, whereas only 32 percent of victims without an attorney were able to do so. (9) The American Bar Association Model Rules include commentary stating that ‘‘every lawyer, regardless of professional prominence or professional workload, has a responsibility to provide legal services to those unable to pay, and personal involve-ment in the problems of the disadvantaged can be one of the most rewarding experiences in the life of a lawyer’’. (10) As leaders in their legal communities, judges in district courts should encourage lawyers to provide pro bono resources in an effort to help victims of such violence or be-havior escape the cycle of abuse. (11) A dedicated army of pro bono attor-neys focused on this mission will inspire oth-ers to devote efforts to this cause and will raise awareness of the scourge of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking throughout the country. (12) Communities, by providing awareness of pro bono legal services and assistance to survivors of domestic violence, dating vio-lence, sexual assault, and stalking, will em-power those survivors to move forward with their lives. 
SEC. 3. DISTRICT COURTS TO PROMOTE EM-POWERMENT EVENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for a period of 4 years, the chief judge, or his or her designee, for each judicial district shall lead not less than 1 public event, in partnership with a State, local, tribal, or territorial domestic violence service provider or coalition and a State or local volunteer lawyer project, promoting pro bono legal services as a critical way in which to empower survivors of domestic vio-lence, dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking and engage citizens in assisting those survivors. (b) D
ISTRICTS CONTAINING INDIAN TRIBES  
AND TRIBAL ORGANIZATIONS .—During each 2- year period, the chief judge, or his or her designee, for a judicial district that contains an Indian tribe or tribal organization (as those terms are defined in section 4 of the In-dian Self-Determination and Education As-sistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304)) shall lead not less than 1 public event promoting pro bono legal services under subsection (a) of this section in partnership with an Indian tribe or tribal organization with the intent of in-creasing the provision of pro bono legal serv-ices for Indian or Alaska Native victims of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking. (c) REQUIREMENTS .—Each chief judge shall— (1) have discretion as to the design, organi-zation, and implementation of the public events required under subsection (a); and (2) in conducting a public event under sub-section (a), seek to maximize the local im-pact of the event and the provision of access to high-quality pro bono legal services by survivors of domestic violence, dating vio-lence, sexual assault, and stalking. 
SEC. 4. REPORTING REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) R EPORT TO THE DIRECTOR OF THE ADMIN -
ISTRATIVE OFFICE OF THE UNITED STATES  C
OURTS .—Not later than October 30 of each year, each chief judge shall submit to the Di-rector of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts a report detailing each public event conducted under section 3 dur-ing the previous fiscal year. (b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than January 1 of each year, the Director of the Administra-tive Office of the United States Courts shall submit to Congress a compilation and sum-mary of each report received under sub-section (a) for the previous fiscal year. (2) R
EQUIREMENT .—Each comprehensive re-port submitted under paragraph (1) shall in-clude an analysis of how each public event meets the goals set forth in this Act, as well as suggestions on how to improve future pub-lic events. 
SEC. 5. FUNDING. 
The Administrative Office of the United States Courts shall use existing funds to carry out the requirements of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gen-tleman from Maryland (Mr. R
ASKIN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on S. 717, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, today I am pleased to be voting on S. 717, the Pro bono Work to Empower and Represent Act of 2018, otherwise known as the POWER Act. The POWER Act directs that each year the chief judge in each judicial district across the country hold at least one event in partnership with do-mestic violence service providers or volunteer lawyer projects to promote pro bono legal services for survivors of domestic violence and sexual assault. Lawyers play a critical role in com-bating domestic violence. Not only do government prosecutors enforce crimi-nal laws, but in the civil realm, law-yers may provide legal representation in matters such as civil protection order applications which ultimately help keep victims safe from their abus-ers. While victims are able to apply for these orders pro se, as this bill makes clear, legal representation increases the possibility of successfully obtain-ing a protective order against an attacker, which prevents further men-tal and physical injury to a victim and his or her family. One study has found that 83 percent of victims represented by an attorney were able to obtain a protective order, whereas only 32 per-cent of victims without an attorney were able to do so. Federal courts already promote many pro bono programs in their judi-cial districts and have access to local attorneys who may be able to volun-teer to work with domestic violence victims. This bill not only requires a public event in each Federal judicial district for every year during a 4-year period, it also requires an additional public event to be held every 2 years during the 4-year period in districts that contain Tribes or Tribal organiza-tions that specifically focus on encour-aging pro bono legal services for Indian or Alaska Native victims of domestic violence. I would like to thank Senator SUL-
LIVAN from Alaska for introducing this bill and shepherding it through the Senate. And I would like to thank Mr. K
ENNEDY from the great Common-wealth of Massachusetts for intro-ducing this bill in the House. This is an extremely important issue, and I hope it will make a real difference in in-creasing legal services to victims. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the POWER Act, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 717, the Pro bono Work to Empower and Represent Act of 2018, or the POWER Act as, as amended. It seeks to promote pro bono legal services as a way to empower survivors of domestic violence. We all know that domestic violence, dating violence, sex-ual assault, and stalking affect the people of every single one of our com-munities in profound ways. Alas, the demand for legal services to assist victims who find themselves in a domestic violence situation far exceeds the availability of free or low-cost legal services, and yet research consist-ently shows, as the chairman of the Ju-diciary Committee just pointed out, that if you have got a lawyer, then you are significantly better equipped to prevent future domestic violence than if you don’t have a lawyer. In fact, those victims who have a lawyer are three times more likely to be able to prevent future violence than those who are without a lawyer. So this measure is consistent with the spirit and the goals of the legal profession. The American Bar Associa-tion’s Model Rules of Professional Con-duct encourage attorneys to bridge the gap in representation by providing free legal services to people who are unable to pay them, and this is an especially 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.008 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6284 July 17, 2018 
vulnerable and often destitute popu-lation. One bar jurisdiction that has stepped up in a very profound way to meet this professional standard and challenge is the District of Columbia Bar which has an extraordinary and successful project created by Karen Barker Marcou and Kathleen Buhle Biden which is called the DC Volunteer Lawyers Project. They just celebrated their 10th anni-versary. They have 2,100 lawyers who have signed up pro bono to offer their assistance to victims of domestic vio-lence, stalking, date rape, and so on. They serve more than 1,000 clients every single year. They were just given an award by the D.C. Bar for the work that they have put together solely through the volunteer efforts of law-yers in the District of Columbia Bar. So this legislation would modestly and simply direct the chief judge in each Federal judicial district to orga-nize at least one public event annually for the next 4 years to promote pro bono legal services to victims of do-mestic violence, dating violence, sex-ual assault, and stalking in the dis-tricts in which the court serves its ju-risdiction. In the case of districts containing an Indian Tribe or Tribal organization, chief judges in partnership with the Tribes would have to lead at least one public event promoting such pro bono legal services during each 2-year pe-riod. People who have experienced and sur-vived these types of violence deserve and will benefit from all the informa-tion and assistance that can be pro-vided in such public events. Too often survivors simply don’t know what re-sources are out there and are available to help them. S. 717 will help survivors of domestic violence vindicate their rights and protect themselves from fu-ture assaults which are still a scourge on the land. I support this legislation. Obviously, there is a lot more we can do. Congress should work to allocate resources to the recruitment, training, and place-ment of pro bono attorneys through the myriad of already existing bar as-sociation programs like the one in the District of Columbia. Of course, Congress should work to reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act which provides an indis-pensable array of programs that help address domestic violence and sexual assault. We should not let the author-ization for these important protections lapse. All of these efforts are important, and the measure before us today will support a comprehensive response to these types of crimes. I support this bill, and I commend my colleague, Rep-resentative J
OEKENNEDY , for his lead-ership in authoring the House com-panion to the Senate bill. I want to thank the chairman for his leadership, and I urge my colleagues to join me in voting for this legislation so we may bring it one step closer to en-actment. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Washington (Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS ), who is the Republican Conference chair. Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the POWER Act. Survivors of sexual and domestic vio-lence must know that they have a place to turn where they can step out of the shadows of abuse to find hope. To provide that hope, the POWER Act will bring more tools and resources to communities so that survivors can find access to legal services that they need. It will also encourage lawyers across the country to get involved in these cases, and it will help people break free from the dangerous cycle of abuse. No one should ever have to live in fear of being intimidated from seeking justice. The first step is making sure they courageously know where they can safely go for help. Today, to build on our work to make our communities safer, I urge my colleagues to join me in sending the POWER Act to the President’s desk to become law. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
ENNEDY ), who is my friend and col-league. Representative J
OEKENNEDY is not only a distinguished champion of the rights of women and a foe of do-mestic violence, but he is a former prosecutor who spent a lot of time in Massachusetts prosecuting domestic violence cases. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague, Mr. R
ASKIN , for his kind words and for his leadership on this bill and legislation in bringing it to this point and for all of his efforts in combating domestic violence as well. I also want to thank my colleagues, in particular Congressman Y
OUNG ; Con-gresswoman M
CMORRIS RODGERS , the Republican Conference Chair; Con-gresswoman T
ULSI GABBARD ; Congress-woman B
ROOKS ; as well as the chair-man, Mr. G
OODLATTE , for his leadership in making sure that this bill comes to the floor today; as well as Senator S
UL-
LIVAN from Alaska who is the original author of this legislation and has been working with me on this for the past several years. I am grateful for his leadership as well. Mr. Speaker, I remember far too many times in a courtroom as a State- level prosecutor the challenges of bringing domestic violence cases to trial. I remember to this day talking to victims and seeing perhaps a paragraph in a police report and something that didn’t quite seem right; doing an inter-view with the victim and peeling back layer after layer after layer of isola-tion and of control, and of the creation of a state of dependence and of per-petual fear. b1400 I remember getting ready to try a case one day. The victim came in with her daughter. The victim had a black eye. She sat next to her husband, the defendant, throughout the entire morn-ing of the case. She blamed the black eye on a newborn child who was sleep-ing in her bed. I remember watching countless ef-forts for a restraining order as the at-torney badgered a victim, and watch-ing a victim get so disenchanted with our court system that she said she would never come back. Standing in a courtroom, Mr. Speak-er, with those survivors, you start to see our justice system through their eyes. It is, at times, an endless and im-possible maze where abuse and injus-tice is relived and replicated on every single occasion. That is why we as a Congress must ensure that no survivor is ever forced to stand alone before a judge, because we know and the data well proves that, oftentimes, these cases can be a matter of life and death. It is, in fact, the most predictable form of homicide we have in our Nation. We know how prevalent and perva-sive it is. Nearly 8 million women are raped, assaulted, or stalked every year by a current or former intimate part-ner. We know that low-income women and men are at higher risk of domestic violence and rape. We know that more than 80 percent of survivors with ac-cess to a lawyer successfully obtain re-straining orders, while those who stand alone obtain one less than one-third of the time. Mr. Speaker, passing the POWER Act will begin to restore our sacred prom-ise of an equal justice system. I urge my colleagues to support this legisla-tion. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. YOUNG ), the dean of the House who has been a real champion in combating do-mestic violence. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his kindness in recognizing me, but also for bringing up this bill. I also thank Mr. K
ENNEDY  for his support. This is Senator S
UL-
LIVAN ’s bill, although I had a com-panion bill on the House side. What has been said here prior to me is really what we are addressing. Do-mestic violence is a terror on our soci-ety. No one is immune to it, be they rich or poor, whatever race or ethnic group you may belong to. It cuts across the aisle. Unfortunately, far too many Alas-kans have firsthand experience in this reality. In 2015, a survey of Alaskan victims found that, out of every 100 adult women, 40 experienced intimate partner violence, 33 experienced sexual violence, and one in three adult women in Alaska have been a victim of stalk-ing in their lifetime. Not only must we do more to prevent this epidemic from growing, we must also do more to help the survivors, and that is what the POWER Act does. It allows the victims to have pro bono 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.038 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6285 July 17, 2018 
legal representation from the legal pro-fession to take and present their cases. I believe this bill is well and long overdue. If I can refer to what Mr. K
ENNEDY  said, I have a little experience myself. A dear friend of mine, who was a friend of my late wife, used to get beat up by her husband because he was drinking all the time. My wife asked: Why don’t you just hit him? She said: Well, I couldn’t do that. Vi-olence begets violence. Well, my wife at that time was very young, and she said: Well, I wouldn’t put up with it. About 2 weeks later, there was a knock on our door and my wife an-swered. She opened the door and our friend said: I did it. She said: What did you do? The woman said: My husband beat me up. He passed out, and I hit him with a frying pan when he was asleep. I wouldn’t suggest that solution, but she had no other recourse, no way to be represented legally to go to the courts. I am saying this should be passed. To have representation in the courtroom is a good piece of legislation. Again, I thank Mr. G
OODLATTE for bringing this bill to the floor, Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN , and all those people involved with it. It is long overdue. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Domestic violence is a reign of terror for people who are caught up in it. His-torically, of course, domestic violence was bolstered by a compliant or indif-ferent, sexist criminal justice system and laws that were inadequate to the task. Even today, in many parts of the world, from Afghanistan to Saudi Ara-bia to India, women are still subject to domestic violence and to indifferent and hostile treatment from their legal systems. But in America, we have ad-vanced far beyond that. Still, there is a lot more we can do to address the prob-lems of domestic violence, dating vio-lence, sexual assault, and stalking. One thing we know we can do is to get lawyers for women when they have been attacked. The information and the assistance that they will get from the lawyers will help them get out of a desperate situation. The information and assistance that we provide under this legislation in public events will indeed advance the power of survivors to get out of domes-tic violence, dating violence, or a stalking reign of terror. We support enactment of this legisla-tion as well as the additional efforts we have mentioned to provide counsel for survivors, to promote their ability to access the resources of our criminal justice system. We look forward to working with Chairman G
OODLATTE and other col-leagues on the other side of the aisle for rapid passage of this important, bi-partisan measure and further legisla-tive efforts that will strengthen the po-sition of people who are victims of do-mestic violence. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, this is a very good bill. I thank the Senator from Alaska, Mr. SULLIVAN , for working with me and my staff. On the minority side as well, I thank Congressman K
ENNEDY , Mr. R
ASKIN , and the ranking member on the Judiciary Committee. This is truly a bipartisan effort to help educate people who are the vic-tims of domestic violence about better ways that they can protect themselves and avail themselves of good represen-tation in court. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. W
ESTERMAN ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 717, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
EXPRESSING SENSE OF THE HOUSE THAT THE NATION FACES A MORE COMPLEX AND GRAVE SET OF THREATS THAN AT ANY TIME SINCE THE END OF WORLD WAR II Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the reso-lution (H. Res. 995) expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the Nation now faces a more complex and grave set of threats than at any time since the end of World War II, and that the lack of full, on-time funding related to defense activities puts serv-icemen and servicewomen at risk, harms national security, and aids the adversaries of the United States. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The text of the resolution is as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 995 Whereas the United States now faces a more complex set of threats than at any time since the end of World War II; Whereas the National Defense Strategy re-leased on January 19, 2018, highlights these threats and acknowledges a return to great power competition; Whereas countries like Russia and China are heavily investing in military moderniza-tion and developing capabilities that the United States may not be able to defend against while also expanding their influence across the globe; Whereas North Korea’s nuclear program continues to be a serious threat; Whereas the National Defense Strategy states that ‘‘Iran continues to sow violence and remains the most significant challenge to Middle East stability’’; Whereas the National Defense Strategy states that ‘‘terrorist groups with long reach continue to murder the innocent and threat-en peace more broadly’’; Whereas the United States continues to fight a war against terrorism and has troops deployed in hostile regions throughout the globe; Whereas, on January 19, 2018, Secretary of Defense James Mattis stated, ‘‘As hard as the last 16 years have been on our military, no enemy in the field has done more to harm the readiness of the U.S. military than the combined impact of the Budget Control Act’s defense spending cuts, worsened by us oper-ating, 9 of the last 10 years, under continuing resolutions, wasting copious amounts of pre-cious taxpayer dollars’’; Whereas fiscal year 2009 was the last fiscal year the Department of Defense received on- time funding; Whereas the House of Representatives has passed an annual appropriation bill for the Department of Defense before the start of the next fiscal year in each of those fiscal years; Whereas article I, section 8 of the Con-stitution gives Congress the responsibility to ‘‘provide for the common Defence and gen-eral Welfare of the United States’’ and calls on Congress to ‘‘raise and support Armies’’ and ‘‘provide and maintain a Navy’’; and Whereas Secretaries of Defense appointed by Presidents of both parties have warned about the damage funding uncertainty has on the readiness of our Armed Forces: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That it is the sense of the House of Representatives that— (1) failing to provide our military with full, stable, and on-time funding allows our adver-saries to close critical military capability gaps, putting our servicemembers at in-creased risk, and severely harms our mili-tary’s ability to prepare for, deter, and, if needed, defend against these capabilities, putting United States national security at greater risk; (2) providing full, stable, and on-time fund-ing for the Department of Defense is criti-cally necessary to preventing these increased risks; and (3) the House of Representatives is com-mitted to ending the funding uncertainty for the Department of Defense and providing the resources United States servicemembers need to defend the Nation, and that the Sen-ate should join the House of Representatives in these efforts. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Ms. C
HENEY ) and the gen-tleman from Washington (Mr. S
MITH) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Wyoming. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous material on the resolu-tion under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Wyoming? There was no objection. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of my resolution, H. Res. 995, which expresses this House’s commitment to providing the full, on-time funding our men and women in uniform need to defend our Nation. This week and next, Mr. Speaker, we will be spending time on this floor dis-cussing the devastating impacts nine 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.040 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6286 July 17, 2018 
consecutive continuing resolutions have had on our military’s readiness and on our ability to deter and defend against our adversaries. Despite the fact that this House has consistently, and normally in a bipartisan fashion, completed our work on time, we have repeatedly seen partisan politics, par-ticularly in the Senate, prevent the Congress from delivering a funding bill to the President’s desk on time. In fact, since Republicans took control of the House in 2011, the House has never failed to pass a Defense Appropriations bill on time. Just a few weeks ago, we passed H.R. 6157, the Department of Defense Appro-priations Act for Fiscal Year 2019, with an overwhelmingly bipartisan 359–49 vote. Today’s resolution, Mr. Speaker, ex-presses the sense of this House that failing to provide full, on-time, stable funding increases the risk to our serv-icemembers and aids our adversaries. The resolution expresses our commit-ment to ending the funding uncer-tainty our military faces and urges the Senate to similarly complete its work so we can provide the on-time funding our armed services require. Mr. Speaker, we must stop forcing our men and women in uniform and their families to pay the price for our dysfunction. Today, Mr. Speaker, we will consider three resolutions. H. Res. 995, which I have introduced, acknowledges the unprecedented global threat environment we face and the negative impact these continuing reso-lutions have had on our military’s abil-ity to confront this environment and deter and, if necessary, defeat our en-emies. We will also consider H. Res. 994, of-fered by my colleague and fellow mem-ber of the Armed Services Committee, Mr. G
ALLAGHER from Wisconsin. Mr. G
ALLAGHER is a marine with two de-ployments to Al Anbar province in Iraq. His resolution details the nega-tive impact of CRs and funding insta-bility on the readiness of the U.S Ma-rine Corps. Finally, Mr. Speaker, we will con-sider H. Res. 998, offered by Mr. W
ITT-
MAN of Virginia, chairman of the Seapower and Projection Forces Sub-committee of the House Armed Serv-ices Committee. Mr. W
ITTMAN ’s resolu-tion lays out the damage that the CRs and unpredictable funding have done to the United States Navy. Next week, Mr. Speaker, we will con-sider resolutions addressing the impact of unstable funding on the United States Air Force and the United States Army. We know, Mr. Speaker, that not every Member of this body is on one of the defense-related committees, but we also know that every Member of this body is committed to the security of our Nation. I take the opportunity today, along with my colleagues, to lay out in detail the threats we face and the impacts our actions in this House can have on our military’s ability to keep us safe. Reflecting on the challenges facing our Armed Forces, Secretary Mattis put it this way: ‘‘As hard as the last 16 years have been on our military, no enemy in the field has done more to harm the readiness of the U.S. military than the combined impact of the Budg-et Control Act’s defense spending cuts, worsened by us operating 9 out of the last 10 years under continuing resolu-tions.’’ Secretary Mattis went on to explain the consequences of Congress’ failure to provide reliable, on-time, sufficient funding: ‘‘Ships will not receive the re-quired maintenance to put to sea; the ships already at sea will be extended outside of port; aircraft will remain on the ground, their pilots not at the sharpest edge; and eventually ammuni-tion, training, and manpower will not be sufficient to deter war.’’ Not suffi-cient to defer war, Mr. Speaker. No experience, Mr. Speaker, has had a greater impact on me during my time as a Member of this body than having the Secretary of Defense testify in front of us as members of the Armed Services Committee and say that con-gressional abrogation of our constitu-tional duty to fund our military is put-ting our servicemembers at greater risk. While our military has suffered under this burden of continuing resolutions and dangerous policies of our previous administration, our adversaries have been making steady gains. Never before in recent history have we seen the gap between our capabilities and those of our adversaries widen at such a breath-taking pace—and not in our favor, Mr. Speaker. China is pursuing an aggressive strategy to overtake our military and economic advantage globally. They are developing technologies that are spe-cifically targeted to diminish our abil-ity to project our force. They are devel-oping weapons systems against which we may not be able to defend. b1415 They have utilized deficiencies in our current CFIUS process to attempt to acquire critical U.S. technology. Chi-nese companies like Huawei and ZTE have made significant efforts to embed themselves in the United States, put-ting our telecommunications networks and, potentially, our defense supply chain at risk. Militarily, economically, in cyber-space, in space, on land, in air, and at sea, the Chinese have made clear their objective is to achieve global pre-eminence, which means they must at-tempt to displace us. The Russians continue to modernize their nuclear arsenal, as they violate their commitments to us under the INF Treaty. They, too, are developing advanced and threatening weapons sys-tems and attempting to exercise their hegemonic ambitions across Europe. They have violated the borders and sovereignty of their neighbors. In the words of the National Defense Strat-egy, they are making efforts ‘‘to shat-ter the North Atlantic Treaty Organi-zation and use emerging technologies to discredit and subvert democratic processes in Georgia, Crimea, and east-ern Ukraine.’’ They have attempted to subvert our own democratic processes, as we saw in last week’s indictment of 12 members of the GRU, Russian mili-tary intelligence. We have seen in Russia and China a return to great power competition, and 8 years of Obama-era policies facili-tated these developments. At the same time, we continue to face significant threats from rogue regimes like Iran and North Korea. The Iranians benefited tremendously from the payments they received from the Obama administration, over $1.5 billion, when they entered into the Obama nuclear deal. This deal paved the way for a nuclear-armed Iran with no real verification provisions, no com-plete disclosure of their past activity, no cessation of their enrichment activ-ity, and it lifted restrictions on their ballistic missile program. President Trump was right to with-draw from this disastrous deal, but we are still living with the consequences of an emboldened Iran, enriched with U.S. taxpayer dollars and a pathway to a nuclear weapon. Their support for terrorist groups like Hamas and Hezbollah has grown, while they con-tinue to pose an existential threat to the State of Israel. The North Koreans, similarly, con-tinue to pose a serious threat, Mr. Speaker, with an arsenal of nuclear weapons, an ongoing ballistic missile program, and continued pursuit of bio-logical and chemical weapons. Despite recent success on the battle-field against ISIS, radical Islamic ter-rorism continues to pose a threat to our Nation. We have got troops de-ployed today, Mr. Speaker, around the globe in the fight against terrorism. As we face all of these threats, we are also living through an era of increas-ingly rapid technological development. The very nature of warfare is changing. The ability and the agility required to successfully respond to these threats requires funding sufficiency and cer-tainty. Mr. Speaker, that certainty simply cannot be provided through continuous continuing resolutions. In the face of all these threats, Mr. Speaker, we in this body must resolve not to add to the risk our troops are facing. We must resolve to fulfill our constitutional duty and provide sufficient, on-time, reliable funding. It took many years for the readiness, manpower, and training crises we face to develop. We in this House and in the Senate must be part of the solution today and for many days and years into the future. In closing, Mr. Speaker, I would like to read something that the Chief of Naval Operations, Admiral John Rich-ardson, said before the House Armed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.042 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6287 July 17, 2018 
Services Committee last year in a hearing about the damage of con-tinuing resolutions: ‘‘I have a hard time believing,’’ he said, ‘‘that I am sitting before you now to discuss the potential that we might take steps to make our sailors’ mis-sions more difficult, to give our adver-saries more advantage. . . . ‘’ Think about that, Mr. Speaker. That is what this debate is about. That is what this resolution is about. Insuffi-cient, unreliable funding gives our ad-versaries an advantage. We must not be part of that any longer. We must re-solve to get our work done on time, in the House and in the Senate, and to fulfill our constitutional obligation. We must, in this Congress, Mr. Speaker, be worthy of the sacrifices our men and women in uniform make for us every day. Mr. Speaker, I urge the adoption of this resolution, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, to begin with, the reso-lution that is presented before us is 100 percent accurate, and I completely agree with it. We have had uncertain funding for going on almost 8 years now for the De-partment of Defense. It has been a se-ries of continuing resolutions, two gov-ernment shutdowns, multiple threat-ened government shutdowns, and an unbelievable amount of uncertainty. From one month to the next, the Pen-tagon does not know how much money they have to spend. That uncertainty, without a doubt, has undermined our ability to provide an adequate national security for this country. So I agree with the maker of this mo-tion that budget certainty would help enormously in terms of preparing our national security—well, preparing the men and women in our Armed Forces to face the threats that are in front of us. Beyond that, there was a lot said in the opening remarks there that I don’t quite agree with. Also, it is really important to sort of understand the context. Why are we in this situation? Why do we have budget uncertainty year after year? I don’t agree that it is simple incom-petence or Congress just isn’t feeling like doing its job. We have deep-seated differences of opinion about where to spend our money, and also, we have no fiscal policy as a country. Well, that is not true, actually. Our fiscal policy is really rather clear. We want a balanced budget; we want tax cuts; and we don’t want to cut spend-ing. Everything you need to know about why we have this problem can be con-tained in three votes that the United States House of Representatives took over the course of about a 4-month pe-riod. As I tell you about these three votes, I want you to know that 134 Re-publican Members of Congress voted for all three of these things. Number one, a roughly $2 trillion tax cut. Number two, a budget deal that in-creased spending by $500 billion. Some of that was for defense; a lot of it wasn’t. Then, in the ultimate irony, a week later, those 134 Members of Con-gress, Republican Members of Con-gress, voted for a constitutional amendment to balance the budget. They want to cut taxes by $2 trillion; they want to increase spending by $500 billion; and they want a balanced budg-et. And, oh, by the way, we are roughly $22 trillion in debt and running up a deficit that is projected to go up over $1 trillion going forward. That is not a responsible fiscal policy. Now, I serve on the Armed Services Committee with all of my colleagues who are here today, and I hear the same things that Congresswoman C
HE-
NEY hears about how our military is suffering under the uncertainty. The readiness crisis is 100 percent real. It is getting better as we have gotten some funding the last couple years, but it is still a major challenge. But the reason for all of that is because of decisions that are made on the front end. You can’t cut taxes by $2 trillion— after, by the way, over the course of the 15 years prior, we had already cut them by multiple trillion dollars—and then stand up and say DOD doesn’t have enough money. You cut revenue and then complained that you don’t have enough revenue. It doesn’t really make sense. The second point that I would make is it is not just the Department of De-fense that is suffering under budget un-certainty. There are a whole bunch of different examples. I won’t go into all of them, but the entire discretionary budget suffers under this uncertainty. And one big chunk of the discretionary budget is infrastructure, the bridges and roads and airports and a whole bunch of other things that basically enable our economy to function, which generates revenue and helps pay for things like national security. Also, we have got bridges collapsing all over the country. There are, lit-erally, United States citizens who have died as a result of our lack of invest-ment in infrastructure. So it is not just the Department of Defense. If we are going to address the uncertainty, if we are going to address the problems with dealing with our na-tional security strategy, we have to ad-dress fiscal policy. For going on 8 years now, we have been having this conversation in the Armed Services Committee, and most times my Republican colleagues stern-ly rebuke me for raising issues that are supposedly not directly related to the Armed Services, saying: We are the Armed Services Committee. We are not here to talk about the debt or the def-icit or infrastructure or any of that other stuff. Well, it all goes together, and what we as a congressional body have to do is come up with a plan that actually makes sense, that actually there is money for. If we do that, then we can have the stability for the Department of Defense. Now, I will tell you, if we are $22 tril-lion in debt—and the deficit is pro-jected to be pretty close to $1 trillion this year and quickly north of $1 tril-lion going forward—we are going to have to deal with that problem or there is not going to be as much money as we’d like for defense or infrastructure or education—or anything, for that matter. So we have to address the fiscal irre-sponsibility of our budgeting process across the very long period of time, and certainly we can’t keep cutting taxes. Now, as far as what does that Na-tional Security Strategy look like, as was described, we face an incredibly complex threat environment. I agree with that. I don’t agree that getting rid of the Iran nuclear deal so that Iran can pur-sue nuclear weapons with absolutely no inhibition whatsoever is a step forward in the right direction, nor do I agree that sitting down with Kim Jong-un and agreeing, basically, to back off of a whole bunch of things and getting nothing in return—I know that, in the President’s mind, North Korea is denuclearized, but they are not. They haven’t taken a single, solitary step in that direction. Lastly, the final point I want to make is the complex threat environ-ment that we face is extraordinarily difficult. I will tell you one thing of which I am 100 percent confident. There is no way that, on our own, the United States of America can confront that threat environment. We need allies. We need friends. We need countries that are willing to work with us to meet the national security threats that we face, which is why the trip that the President just took is so troubling. He spent the first part of it telling our allies, basically—sorry, I can’t say that on the floor—just saying that he didn’t need them, insulting them over and over and over again, al-lies that we are really going to need to meet the threats not just from Russia, but China, the terrorism threat that was described. Our NATO allies are going to be cru-cially important to that, and the Presi-dent, at one point, said he’s not even sure why we are in NATO, insulted the EU and insulted all of our allies, and then turned right around and sided with Vladimir Putin against our intel-ligence communities, against our Jus-tice Department, on the subject of Rus-sian interference in our election. So, in a complex threat environment, you don’t want to make it easier for a country like Russia that threatens us and make it more difficult for coun-tries ranging from Canada to Germany to Great Britain, who actually want to work with us, to meet that threat envi-ronment. So, on that point, we need more allies, and we certainly don’t need to take the side of a dictator who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.043 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6288 July 17, 2018 
is threatening our country over our own intelligence agencies. That is not in the best interest of national secu-rity. Overall, we have to have a fiscal pol-icy. We can have the argument about the defense budget all we want, but if we keep cutting taxes and have no pol-icy whatsoever to get our budget even close to under control, we are not going to have the money to spend on our national security needs or other things. Now, I will close it out with this. General Mattis, Secretary Mattis, likes to say, ‘‘We can afford survival.’’ That is a nice phrase. Unfortunately, it is a little bit unclear on what it means be-cause, what do you have to spend to survive? By and large, DOD doesn’t en-gage in that sort of black-and-white way of looking at it: We spend this money, we survive; we don’t spend this money, we die. What they do, and what they’ve said over and over again, is they manage risk: If we don’t spend the money here, that increases the risk by this amount. I think that is a better way of look-ing at it. It is not a matter of whether or not we can afford survival, because we don’t know exactly what China is going to do or Russia or any of these other folks are going to do or how we are going to manage it. It is a matter of managing risk. It is very true that, if we continue to have an uncertain defense budget— heck, I would submit, if we continue to have an uncertain fiscal policy and an uncertain infrastructure budget, we are increasing the risk of our country’s ability not so much to survive but to prosper and live in a peaceful world. So this resolution is fine. It is hor-ribly insufficient to actually give us the certainty and predictability in our budget that we need. To get there, we need to honestly address the fiscal challenges that our Nation faces and come up with a coherent fiscal policy that takes into account all the needs of our country in a balanced and coherent way so that we manage those risks in the best way possible and in the best interests of the American people. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and just want to say I enjoy very much the opportunity to serve with my col-league, Mr. S
MITH, on the Armed Serv-ices Committee, and I appreciate his support for this important resolution. b1430 We disagree on several points. I know that Mr. S
MITH knows that the defense budget is not what is driving the debt in this country. I don’t disagree that we need a fiscal policy and that we have got to address our fiscal concerns, but it is also the case that we have the votes, that we have the ability, as we have done in this House and as they could do in the Senate. We saw, in the Senate Appropriations Committee, the Defense Appropria-tions bill passed out 30–1. So it is a bi-partisan bill that we ought to pass. We passed it across this floor. We ought to pass it across the Senate floor. We ought to get it to the President’s desk so that he can sign it, instead of being in a situation where we are holding it hostage to a whole range of other issues and concerns. Mr. SMITH and I do have big disagree-ments. You know, to talk about some-how that the tax cuts are impacting the Defense budget ignores the history of the fact that the Defense budget was being strangled when Barack Obama was in office. And as far as I know, no-body is accusing President Obama of cutting taxes too much. So the challenge that our military is facing and the challenge of reliable suf-ficient funding isn’t directly tied to tax policy. I think what we have got to do is decouple these things. If we don’t get the funding for the military right, as Mr. S
MITH said—you know, Secretary Mattis has said we can afford survival. Another way to say that is if we don’t get this right, noth-ing else we do will matter. And the sit-uation is so serious and so significant that if we let ourselves one more time go down the path of holding this fund-ing hostage to other concerns and other issues, basically holding our men and women in uniform hostage, I would submit that we are not doing our job, and we are not fulfilling our constitu-tional obligation. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. B
YRNE ), my colleague from the Rules Com-mittee and from the Armed Services Committee. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Res. 995. As many of us have stood on this floor and said, We have planes that can’t fly, ships that can’t sail, and troops that can’t deploy. Under the Obama administration, we saw an alarming trend where we al-lowed our Armed Forces to be hollowed out, and we allowed a critical readiness crisis to develop. Over the last 2 years, members of the House Armed Services Committee and others have fought tirelessly to ensure our military gets the level of funding they need, not only to fix our current readiness crisis but also to build up our force to a size to match the current threat environment, which is the most complex one we have faced since World War II. While I am proud of the work we have done so far to raise the top line Defense number, there is another crit-ical piece to the puzzle. Continuing res-olutions are just as detrimental to our national security as the Budget Con-trol Act caps. Every day we don’t pass the Defense Appropriations bill, we are denying resources to our servicemem-bers and making it harder for them to do their job. Continuing resolutions and budg-etary uncertainty also end up costing the taxpayers more money. The Sec-retary of the Navy has said that the Department of Navy alone wasted $4 billion since 2011 because of continuing resolutions. That is $4 billion of real money that could have been used to fund more ships, more planes, or more maintenance. Under a continuing resolution, the Department of Defense and the services are not allowed to enter into any new contracts. Every year we have delayed the timelines of scheduled mainte-nance availabilities and procurement schedules. All of these things are cru-cial to maintain deployment rotation and ensure the U.S. presence is felt around the world. Compare this to your personal fi-nances. For half the year you are able only to pay your current expenses, like car payments and utilities. You know you will get money later in the year for new things you want to buy or in-vest in; however, you don’t know how much you will get or whether you will get it. Does that sound frustrating and ineffective? We have the world’s greatest mili-tary. Yet, we are hamstringing them with an irresponsible funding cycle. Let me put this in very blunt terms. The inability of Congress to pass gov-ernment funding bills on time has en-dangered the health, safety, and lives of our servicemembers. Just look at the aviation accidents and recent colli-sions of Navy ships. These incidents can be blamed, at least in part, on the readiness crisis. As Members of Congress, we have a responsibility here. We are not the ones on the front lines and deployed around the world, but we play an inte-gral role: getting those servicemem-bers their funding on time. In a time where we face great power competition with Russia and China, radical Islamic extremism in the Mid-dle East, and Iran and North Korea, there is no shortage of national secu-rity priorities. Here, in the House, we have passed our Defense funding bill on time yet again, but we need our colleagues in the Senate to follow suit. I know it is a priority for my Alabama colleague, Senate Appropriations Chairman R
ICH-
ARDSHELBY , to get our military fund-ed, so I hope we can do our job respon-sibly and on time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Alabama. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, let’s not let petty political games get in the way of funding our Nation’s military, pro-tecting our servicemembers, and ensur-ing the safety and security of the American people. Let’s pass this reso-lution and demonstrate our strong commitment to passing a Defense fund-ing bill before the end of the fiscal year. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.044 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6289 July 17, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, just a couple of quick points. The Department of Defense budget is 18 percent of the overall Fed-eral budget, and you would be a pretty bad businessperson if you looked at your books and said that a thing that takes 18 percent of the budget has nothing do with the deficit. It all adds up piece by piece. It absolutely is a big part of what contributes to us having a deficit and a debt, so we cannot ignore what we spend on Defense and how it impacts everything else. Now, you can make that policy deci-sion that, you know, defense is just so much more important than infrastruc-ture or healthcare or education or So-cial Security or Medicare or whatever, but to say that it doesn’t impact the debt and the deficit is not, well, fis-cally accurate. And second, as far as tax cuts are concerned, yes, President Obama cut taxes repeatedly and by way, way too much and contributed to this problem. Most notably was in 2012 with the per-manent extension of all of the Bush tax cuts. So, we did that, and then with the stimulus package back in 2009, there was about a $400 billion tax cut. We have repeatedly, in this Con-gress—and I didn’t vote for any of that. We have repeatedly in this Congress prioritized tax cuts over the men and women who serve in the military. That is what I find so ironic. We hear all these complaints about how we are underfunding the military, the com-plaints about readiness, and what the gentleman from Alabama said, when he talked about the impact that this is having on the men and women who serve, he is absolutely right. The con-tinuing resolutions are devastating to the way we try to function within the Department of Defense. I will again submit that they are also devastating to every other aspect of our discretionary budget, and that should not be ignored. But to cut taxes by trillions upon trillions of dollars and then look up and say, Gosh, how come we don’t have enough revenue to fund our defense is hypocritical. All I am asking is: Make a choice. If, in fact, we need to spend the amount of money on DOD that you are all saying we are, then let’s raise the revenue and pay for it, okay. That is fine. That is a choice. But to both say, we are going to give away massive tax cuts pri-marily to the wealthiest people in this country, who, by the way, have been doing quite well for quite some time, and then come up and say, Gosh, it is just so irresponsible that we are not funding defense, that is not consistent and it is not a fiscal policy. And, again, I will come back to the fact that this is all very well and good. I mean, what all these resolutions are saying is if we could just pass the De-fense Appropriations bill, then every-thing would be fine. We have a $4 tril-lion plus budget. We have multiple lay-ers of problems here. If we do not ad-dress the underlying fiscal issues that we are facing that I have described, then the men and women who serve in our military will face the brutal uncer-tainty that is very accurately de-scribed by my Republican colleagues over and over and over again. We have to address the underlying issue, not just come out and make empty statements about how we want to support our men and women in the military after putting in place a budget and a tax policy that makes it next to impossible to do that. We have to deal with the issue up front so that we are in a position to actually provide what my colleagues have said we need to provide. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, again, I appreciate very much my colleague’s support for this important resolution. I look forward to having his support as we go forward on these resolutions that lay out very clearly how important it is to fund our men and women in uniform. He and I have very serious and sig-nificant disagreements over tax policy. I believe—I know that the private sec-tor is the engine of growth in this economy; that tax cuts, in fact, gen-erate economic growth, and economic growth generates revenue; that if you really want to deal with the debt in this Nation, then you have got to gen-erate additional revenue. The way to do that is not by taxing people more. It is by letting people keep more of what they earn so they in fact can reinvest so we can see the kind of economic growth we need. But I would say my colleague’s focus on that issue today points out the problem that we have been facing. We face a number of critically important challenges in this body and in the United States Senate, but we have got to ensure that we don’t hold our men and women in uniform hostage while we deal with those other issues. We are, today, not at a time when we have got an international environment that is one in which we can feel safe in our predominance, in which we can feel safe in our ability to continue to project our power. We are in one where the threat to us is growing, and it is significant. When you have got servicemen and -women, when you have got service chiefs, when you have got the Sec-retary of Defense telling us things like: our adversaries have weapons systems we might not be able to defend against, that policies and budget processes and votes that are undertaken in this body are increasing the risk to our men and women in uniform, those are things we have got to pay attention to. And I would say we have an obligation to pay attention to those things that is higher than any other obligation that we have. We have to commit, Mr. Speaker, to fulfilling that constitutional obliga-tion to providing full and on time fund-ing for our troops. And, Mr. Speaker, I would like to close today with something that Gen-eral Dunford said in his testimony be-fore the House Armed Services Com-mittee earlier this year. He said: ‘‘The Joint Force must continue to receive sufficient, sustained, and predictable funding for the foreseeable future to re-store our competitive advantage and ensure we never send our sons and daughters into a fair fight.’’ Every single time we have to deploy our forces, Mr. Speaker, we must en-sure that they have everything they need to prevail. Therefore, Mr. Speaker, I urge adop-tion of the resolution. I urge a contin-ued focus on completing the Defense funding process on time and getting the bill to the President’s desk. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Ms. C
HENEY ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 995. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the resolu-tion was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
EXPRESSING SENSE OF THE HOUSE THAT THE UNITED STATES NAVY’S TOTAL READI-NESS REMAINS IN A PERILOUS STATE Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the reso-lution (H. Res. 998) expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the United States Navy’s total readi-ness remains in a perilous state due to high operational demands, increased deployment lengths, shortened training periods, and deferred maintenance all while the Navy is asked to do more with less as financial support for crit-ical areas waned in the era of seques-tration and without consistent Con-gressional funding. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The text of the resolution is as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 998 Whereas Navy readiness could further dete-riorate in areas such as training, ship con-struction, ship repair, and deployability if Congress does not provide stable funding for the Department of Defense; Whereas the USS Fitzgerald, a United States Navy destroyer, collided with a con-tainer ship while transiting through Sagami Bay near Japan on June 17, 2017, resulting in the deaths of seven sailors and hundreds of millions of dollars in damage; Whereas the United States Navy’s inves-tigation of the USS Fitzgerald collision con-cluded that the event was ‘‘avoidable’’ and that numerous failures included failure to plan for safety, failure to adhere to sound navigation practice, failure to execute basic watch standing practices, failure to properly use available navigation tools, and failure to respond deliberately and effectively when in extremis; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.048 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6290 July 17, 2018 
Whereas the USS John S. McCain, a United States Navy destroyer, collided with an oil tanker while transiting through the Straits of Singapore on August 21, 2017, resulting in the deaths of 10 sailors and hundreds of mil-lions of dollars in damage; Whereas the United States Navy’s inves-tigation of the USS John S. McCain collision concluded that the crew suffered from a ‘‘lack of preparation, ineffective command and control, and deficiencies in training and preparations for navigation’’; Whereas the Navy the Nation Needs, the United States Navy’s plan for building and sustaining a lethal, resilient force through balanced investments across readiness, capa-bility, and capacity, explicitly states a need for 355 Battle Force ships, yet the Navy’s 30- year shipbuilding plan peaks at only 342 Bat-tle Force ships in 2039 before a predicted de-cline; Whereas an efficient and supported indus-trial base will be vital to building and main-taining a 355 ship Navy; Whereas over the previous 5 decades, 14 de-fense-related new-construction shipyards have closed, 3 have left the defense industry, and only 1 new shipyard has opened; Whereas stable and predictable funding al-lows for Navy leaders to properly forecast their missions and adhere to the Optimized Fleet Response Plan while also enabling in-dustry partners to prepare for ship repair work at the most competitive prices to the United States Government; Whereas China’s shipbuilding industry, ac-cording to a Naval War College professor, is poised to make the People’s Liberation Army Navy the world’s second largest navy by 2020, and, if current trends continue, a combat fleet that in overall order of battle is quantitatively on par with that of the United States Navy by 2030; Whereas China continues to develop for-ward operating bases on manmade islands in the South China Sea and, by doing so, con-solidate its control over the strategic cor-ridor between the Indian and Pacific Oceans through which 
1⁄3of global maritime trade passes; and Whereas Russia’s shipbuilding industry’s focus on undersea warfare has positioned the Russian Navy to add six modernized nuclear attack submarines to its naval inventory by 2023 and aggressively modernize its aging Oscar-class nuclear attack submarine fleet: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the House of Representa-tives— (1) recognizes the United States Navy’s need for congressional support to address readiness, training, and modernization chal-lenges that threaten to weaken naval superi-ority; and (2) finds that failing to provide the United States Navy with stable, predictable funding negatively affects its ability to project power around the world, reassure critical al-lies, and defeat adversaries when necessary. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Ms. C
HENEY ) and the gen-tleman from Washington (Mr. S
MITH) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Wyoming. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and insert extra-neous material on the resolution under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Wyoming? There was no objection. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. WITT-
MAN), who is on the Armed Services Committee, to discuss his resolution. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I begin by thanking the gentlewoman from Wyoming for all of her efforts, as well as all of my colleagues for their contin-ued effort to do everything possible to assure the passage of the National De-fense Authorization Act and the De-fense Appropriations bill prior to the end of the fiscal year. That is key. We have heard testimony about how money is wasted and uncertainty has led us to where we are today. Without that, we must do everything we can to assure passage of both of those bills. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Res. 998, which expresses the sense of the House of Representatives that the United States Navy’s total readiness remains in a perilous state due to high operational demands, in-creased deployment lengths, shortened training periods, and deferred mainte-nance all while the Navy is asked to do more with less as financial support for critical areas waned in the era of se-questration and without consistent congressional funding. We have heard that laid out. We agree on both sides that this has cre-ated the uncertainty that creates the situation we found ourselves in today. I think it is important to define what the term ‘‘Navy total readiness’’ truly means. The Navy conducted an inde-pendent Strategic Readiness Review composed of retired Navy admirals, as well as current senior civilian execu-tives in the aftermath of the tragic USS Fitzgerald and USS McCain colli-sions. This Strategic Readiness Review identified institutional deficiencies that have developed over a long period of time resulting in a weaker Navy. Factors that contribute to total Navy readiness include: the total num-ber of assets—we know them as ships— manning and training, that is, in par-ticular, personnel, in how well they perform their jobs; equipping and maintaining, that means providing sailors gear and maintaining ships; command and control, which means es-tablishing clear lines of leadership and funding; and operations, which is the tempo at which our men and women in uniform execute their missions. b1445 If one or all of these total readiness factors are lacking, the Navy will suf-fer. Unfortunately, that is the situa-tion we find ourselves in today. But we didn’t arrive here by acci-dent. I believe we have a tendency to respond to the crisis of the day rather than prepare for long-term strategic problems with corresponding solutions. Make no mistake about it, our adver-saries are looking in the long term. Don’t think for a moment that China isn’t watching what we are doing and planning for where they will be not next week, not next month, not next year, but 10 years down the road, 20 years down the road, or a century down the road. The same with Russia, North Korea, and Iran. We need to do the same. After the Cold War and the Reagan administration came to an end, our Navy rapidly decreased in size. In the next few decades, funding levels be-came smaller and smaller. Tough cuts were made. The surface warfare com-munity decreased their level of train-ing, weakening the skills of their offi-cers and reducing their capacity to ef-fectively and safely perform their jobs as ship drivers and warfighters. Ships retired without replacements. Then, a nationwide financial crisis brought upon a shortsighted decision for sequestration, further crippling the Navy’s ability to take care of itself. Meanwhile, threats to the United States and operational tempo have not decreased. This created a situation where the Navy was overworked with too few resources. But our men and women in uniform never complain and never say they can’t accomplish their mission. They have the kind of resolve in doing the things this Nation asks them to do that this Congress should have in our commitment to providing them the re-sources necessary for them to continue the great job that we ask of them. But at a certain point, we all know we can’t continue to operate this way. Things begin to break down when they aren’t given the resources necessary. When their ships aren’t properly main-tained, when training doesn’t take place at scheduled intervals to make sure they maintain that expertise that we need of them, sailors get stressed. When there are simply too many jobs to do and not enough time for people to do them, mistakes happen, costly mis-takes. We won’t be able to reverse this trend immediately, but we can con-tinue to make targeted, strategic in-vestments in assets, training, and man-power to improve the Navy’s readiness. I am proud of the work that Congress has done in recent years, in particular, this year’s National Defense Authoriza-tion Act. The House-passed NDAA adds a total of 13 battle force ships to the Navy’s inventory, makes critical investments in ship maintenance accounts to take care of the ships we already have, and takes strong action in regard to sur-face warfare officer training and com-mand and control structures within the Navy. In consultation with our Senate counterparts, I am confident that we will deliver a bill that supports the Navy’s rebuilding efforts and the drive and the objective of a 355-ship Navy. We cannot be complacent. Yes, we have the best Navy in the world, but we can be better. Our sailors and marines are the best on the face of the Earth, and they do a spectacular job, folks. But until they can walk on water, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.015 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6291 July 17, 2018 
which someday they may be able to do, until they can walk on water, then we must continue to build them ships. It is imperative that this Congress supports the United States Navy finan-cially and authoritatively in a manner that allows for reassuring our allies, maintaining global presence, and de-feating adversaries when necessary. We must give our sailors and our marines the tools they need to succeed in an at-mosphere and an environment that is even more challenging than it has ever been in the era of great power competi-tion where we know that our allies are committing to not just countering the United States, but defeating the United States strategically. We must do nothing less than fully support our Navy-Marine Corps team, giving them what they need not just for today, not just for next year, not just for within our purview of what this Congress has to do, but for years to come, for decades to come, and for cen-turies to come. For it is only with that, that we will be able to counter what our adversaries are doing every second of every day, and that is finding ways to defeat the United States stra-tegically. We must do nothing less than the same. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentle-man’s motion. It is part of the same discussion we had on the previous reso-lution, and I, as I said, completely agree. The lack of certainty on the continuing resolutions has negatively impacted the Department of Defense and our readiness. There is absolutely no question about it. The only thing I would debate today is: What is the best way to address that problem? How do we honestly get at it? These resolutions would suggest that if we simply fund defense and ignore everything else, then we will be fine. I think the way we got into this mess is instructive, and it is also going to be helpful in terms of how we get out of this mess going forward. It is worth noting, at the end of this, we talked a little bit about tax cuts and how one thing doesn’t have to do with the other. Tax cuts do not in-crease revenue. If they did, we would have the easiest job in the world. Also, a tax rate of zero would generate the most revenue for the United States Government. Obviously, that is not true. Now, it is true that tax policy, de-pending on how it is structured, can be more encouraging to investment. But we have never had lower tax rates on the Federal level than we have right now. After all of the Bush tax cuts, as I mentioned the tax cuts under Presi-dent Obama, and now the tax cuts under President Trump, all of that has added up to a massive decrease in our revenue, and that is part of the equa-tion. When President Bush put the tax cuts in place in 2001, for three consecu-tive fiscal years after that, we had a real dollar decrease in the amount of revenue that the Federal Government took in. Now, I also understand that taxes are always a burden on the people who have to pay them. If we are running government well, we are going to try to keep those taxes as low as is hu-manly possible. But if we are going to meet the needs of government, we have to raise revenue. What we have heard today is a very, very compelling case for how, over the course of the last decade, we haven’t met the needs of readiness within the Department of Defense. So, again, I simply urge us to make a choice here. If we want to cover these costs, then let’s raise the revenue and pay for it, and not pretend with this fantasy that somehow cutting the amount of rev-enue you take in is going to increase the amount of revenue you are going to take in. It doesn’t work that way, and it certainly doesn’t work in the current economic environment. The second thing I would say is, while national security is critically important, it is not the only thing we do that is important. And that is the other thing that worries me about this debate. We massively slash revenue so we have less money to play around with, then we make the case for why we need to massively increase our de-fense budget, and everything else that the Federal Government does just sort of drifts away as an afterthought. There are a lot of examples of this. I used infrastructure in the previous de-bate, and I will use a different example this time, the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center. It is not in my dis-trict, but it is just across the street from my district in Seattle, Wash-ington. It is doing incredible work right now on cancer. They are literally this close to, in some cases, curing it. They have come up with a new way for dealing with blood cancers—taking the white blood cells out of the body, reener-gizing them, and putting them back in—that has achieved truly miraculous results. Fred Hutch gets an overwhelming amount of their funding from the Na-tional Institutes of Health, from the Federal Government. The budget that President Trump originally proposed last year would have cut funding for Fred Hutch by 75 percent. So while we are caring about na-tional security, I think we also have to care about, well, curing cancer. It is not irrelevant. It actually saves lives and makes a difference. Lastly, I do, as I said earlier, worry about a view of the world that says, ba-sically, the entire world is out to get us and we have to spend as much money as is humanly possible here in the United States to defend ourselves. We face threats. There is no question about that. We need a National Secu-rity Strategy and a national security budget to meet those threats. But in order to really create a safer and more prosperous world, we need to build alli-ances so that we are threatened by fewer people and so that we have more friends who will help us deter those who do threaten us. This is a point that Ms. C
HENEY made that I completely agree with. Deterrence is incredibly important. In a place like North Korea, will Kim Jung-un attack South Korea? Or will Iran attack? If they feel like they face a credible deterrent, they won’t, and the U.S. needs to be part of that. But our allies need to be part of that as well. Here, Russia is a great example. If Russia feels that NATO is weak, they will be emboldened. We already are see-ing what they are doing in Ukraine. Es-tonia, Latvia, and other countries in Eastern Europe feel threatened by Rus-sia. They need to know that the United States stands with our allies in Europe in order to deter that aggression and stop the war before it happens. That does not all fall on the United States defense budget. It falls on us having friends and allies who can back up our credible deterrence. Lastly, I just close by saying that we certainly face the threats we face. It is worth noting that we still, in the United States, spend way more money every year on defense than any of our adversaries, than any other country in the world. So it is not just a matter of money; it is a matter of having a smart strategy and spending that money well. I am pleased that—knock on wood— this is supposed to be the first year in forever that the Department of Defense will actually have a full audit of where they spend their money. But making sure the money that is spent is spent efficiently and effectively is also part of having an adequate national secu-rity budget. So I worry that, basically, we say, look, all we have to do is spend as much money as the Pentagon wants and everything will be fine. I think it is a lot more complicated question than that. Again, it comes back to hav-ing a sound fiscal policy and a sound national security policy. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, my colleague, Mr. S
MITH, is worried about a lot of things that really just aren’t the case over here on this side of the aisle. I agree with Mr. S
MITH that weakness is provocative. We certainly need look no further than the Obama administra-tion to see what happens when the United States is weak, to see what hap-pens when the United States abandons its longstanding allies in the Middle East, including Israel, in order to pro-vide funding and a pathway to nuclear weapons for the Iranians. We see what happened again and again and again. We saw what happened when the Obama administration, President Obama, decided to pull troops out of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.051 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6292 July 17, 2018 
Iraq based on a timeline that he estab-lished in Washington, D.C., with no re-gard to the facts on the ground. We saw what happened. What happened was the rise of ISIS. So the problem that we have is, in order to deter, we have to make sure people understand that we are strong. We have lived through 8 years in the previous administration of apologies and weakness, and President Trump is turning that around. President Trump is making clear that people understand that no longer will that be the case, and that we, in fact, are going to be a Nation that stands up for what we be-lieve in. I think it is also very educational, Mr. Speaker, to think about this de-bate we are having here today, this dis-cussion, and to think about what it sounds like to men and women who are serving overseas and to their family members. What we are supposed to be discussing here and debating here is a resolution that expresses a sense of this body that the United States Navy has been hurt extensively by the lack of predictable funding. Instead, what we are getting is a lot of discussion and conversation about a whole bunch of other things that I am more than happy to debate. Mr. S
MITH and I clearly have very dif-ferent opinions about the economy and about what you have to do to generate economic growth in this economy. But that is not this resolution. I think we have the opportunity here, on a bipartisan basis, once and for all, to show that we are in a position where we are going to provide the kind of sup-port that our men and women in uni-form need. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, it is interesting, and I agree, that the fundamental point is that we need to make sure that we ade-quately provide for, in this case, what the resolution is focused on, the Navy and the Marine Corps. As I have agreed throughout, adequate readiness for them is incredibly important. The CRs and the budget fiasco that we have had have not provided that. b1500 What I am trying to do is, rather than just an empty resolution that says, gosh, it would be great if we actu-ally looked after you, to talk about the policy steps that are going to be nec-essary to actually do that. So I think that is an incredibly important part of this debate. Now, we can have every resolution all day long saying we want to cure cancer, we want to bring peace to the world. That is great. But what are the steps that are going to be necessary, in this case, to get to the point where the Navy and Marine Corps has the ade-quate funds that they need, or at least has predictability for what they are going to be able to do, because we have been having these discussions about how, gosh, we ought to do this, and then we don’t. I am trying to explain to the people who serve in the military and every-body else exactly why we don’t; instead of just giving them empty promises saying we would really like to help you, it just seems like year after year, somehow we don’t. We don’t, for all of the reasons that I have listed in terms of fiscal policy going forward. The other thing that I would like to point out is, Obama is no longer Presi-dent. Donald Trump is President. And it seems to me like the one thing the Republican Party would want to do, they would love to have Hillary Clin-ton and Barack Obama to kick around for, like, ever. But you are actually in charge now; so why don’t you be re-sponsible for the policies that we have right now. And I just, I couldn’t believe that I heard the Representative from Wyo-ming say that America is now pro-jecting strength. If there was ever an example of the President of the United States projecting the most embar-rassing, abject weakness I have ever seen than what President Trump just did with Vladimir Putin in Helsinki, I can’t think of it. And quite frankly, a number of Republican commentators that I have seen talk over the last 24 hours can’t think of it either. So I know it is incredibly comforting, from a policy perspective, to blame ev-erything, absolutely everything, that has gone wrong in the world on Presi-dent Obama, but he is not in charge anymore. Donald Trump is in charge. The Re-publican Party is in charge of the House and the Senate, and it is time to focus on policies that are going to move us forward and advance our inter-ests; and not just feel comfort in the fact that we can sort of rewrite history and blame President Obama for abso-lutely everything that has gone wrong. It is a big, complicated, and difficult world for President Trump. It was for President Obama. We need to work to-gether. We need to find ways to con-front the challenges we face in a thoughtful way. Simply blaming the past president for absolutely every-thing isn’t going to get us there. So, again, let me just conclude by saying I completely agree. The issue that needs to be addressed is to make sure that we have adequate readiness for all of the men and women who serve in the military. We are only talking about the Navy and Marine Corps. As I think the gen-tlewoman said, we are going to talk about the Air Force and the Army next week. I think we should talk about all of them at the same time, because it is all equally important. But to get there, we need to have a strategy that is ac-tually sustainable, instead of one that is based on hope. And to my mind, that is the worst thing that we can do to the men and women who serve in the military is say we want you to do all of this, and we don’t really have the funds to do it, so you are going to have to figure it out as you go. It would be far, far better to say, look, here is, realistically, where our budget is at. Here is, realistically, what we can do. Give them that task, and then they will be trained and equipped to do it, instead of being asked to do more than we are willing to provide money for. And it is one thing if this was just 1 year. It is one thing if we had a sur-plus. But we don’t. We have the budget environment that we have. So if we are going to get to the point where we ade-quately address readiness and address the issues that are being raised, then we need to be realistic about what we can do and, like I said, not keep blam-ing past administrations for things; ac-tually try to implement policy right now that is going to make sure that we have the strongest national security policy we can, and that, again, the men and women who serve in the military, at a minimum, are trained and equipped to do the missions that we are asking them to do; that we don’t ask them to do missions that go beyond the funds that we provide for them. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. These resolutions do lay out the steps necessary. These resolutions make clear that the House has done its business, has done its work; we need the Senate to do its work, and we need to get these bills to the President’s desk. As I recall, Mr. Speaker, the only person that had hope as a policy was Barack Obama, and my colleague is right, that he is no longer—President Obama is no longer in the Oval Office. However, the damage that his policies did are so devastating and so long-last-ing that we are having to dig out from under it. That is why we are here today. We are here today because not only have continuing resolutions hurt the Department of Defense, the policies of the last 8 years have created a situa-tion, geopolitically and militarily, where the work that we have got to do to undo those very ill-guided policies is significant and requires the kind of funding that we are talking about. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. W
ITTMAN ) to close. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentlewoman from Wyoming, again, for all of her efforts today to highlight this important issue about the commitment this Nation has to make to our military to make sure we rebuild this lost readiness, and H. Res. 998 is purely simply about that. Are we willing to state our commit-ment to our sailors and Marines about what we must do as a Nation to provide the resources that they need to do the job that we ask them to do? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.052 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6293 July 17, 2018 
Are we willing to send a message to them that says, we are committed to standing by them for everything that has to happen to provide certainty to them so they know what their future holds? Are we willing to send a message to our adversaries to say that this Nation is committed to rebuild our Navy and Marine Corps team to make sure that they are a force to be reckoned with anytime an adversary of ours may think of acting badly around the world; that that Navy and Marine Corps team will be there. That is what this resolu-tion is about. It is also sending a message to every one of our constituents; is this Con-gress committed to the right policies to making the commitment of re-sources to make sure that our Navy and Marine Corps team has what they need? That is another important part of this message. And will we, as a nation, assure that in the long-term we are committed to countering what our adversaries are doing? And we see that. We see that in scores. Whether it is something like submarines, where we are on path, by 2029, to be down to 42 total attack sub-marines, the most requested asset in the entire United States inventory. We are down to 42 submarines in 2029. China, by 2020, will have 70 sub-marines, total attack submarines and ballistic missile submarines, building five to six per year, so that by 2029, when we are at 42 submarines, attack submarines, and on the way to rebuild-ing Ohio-class submarines, the Chinese could be as high as 124 submarines. Now, quantity has a quality all of its own. This resolution today says, are we going to make the commitment to make sure that we can counter those adversaries? Are we going to be able to tell our children and our grandchildren that when we had the chance we made the commitment? We made the com-mitment to our sailors, to our Marines, and as we will next week, to our sol-diers and our airmen, and subsequently our Coast Guardsmen, to make sure that they have what they need, that this Nation makes the commitment to assure that we have the future of our Nation’s defense well in hand. That is what today is about. I ask my colleagues to join me to make sure that we are willing to make this simple commitment. While it may be in words, those words will speak vol-umes to our sailors, to our Marines, to our citizens, and to our adversaries, that this Nation has an unshakable re-solve to make sure that we have what we need to counter the threats abroad, and to counter anybody that thinks of threatening the United States, or our friends, or our allies, or would want to act badly. Today’s resolution is all about that, not just for today, but for decades to come. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
ARTON ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Wyo-ming (Ms. CHENEY ) that the House sus-pend the rules and agree to the resolu-tion, H. Res. 998. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the resolu-tion was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
EXPRESSING SENSE OF THE HOUSE THAT THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS BUDG-ETARY UNCERTAINTY ERODES MILITARY READINESS Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the reso-lution (H. Res. 994) expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the United States Marine Corps faces significant readiness challenges and that budgetary uncertainty impedes the Corps’ ability to meet ongoing and unexpected national security threats, putting United States national secu-rity at risk. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The text of the resolution is as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 994 Whereas since fiscal year 2010, United States Marine Corps active duty end strength has shrunk by 8 percent from 202,100 to 186,000; Whereas, on March 1, 2016, Marine Corps Commandant Robert Neller stated, ‘‘The fis-cal reductions and instability of the past few years have impacted our readiness. As re-sources have diminished, the Marine Corps has protected the near-term operational readiness of its deployed and next-to-deploy units in order to meet operational commit-ments. This has come at a risk’’; Whereas, on February 26, 2015, now Chair-man of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Joseph F. Dunford stated, ‘‘[a]pproximately half of our non-deployed units—and those are the ones that provide the bench to respond to unfore-seen contingencies—are suffering personnel, equipment and training shortfalls’’; Whereas, on February 8, 2017, Assistant Commandant Glenn Walters stated, ‘‘A focus on [ongoing] operations, the decrease in funding levels from Fiscal Year (FY) 2012, fiscal instability and the lack of an inter-war period have left your Marine Corps insuffi-ciently manned, trained and equipped across the depth of the force to operate in an evolv-ing operational environment’’; Whereas the Marine Corps’ Assault Am-phibious Vehicle (AAV–7A1) and Light Ar-mored Vehicle (LAV) average over 40 and 26 years old, respectively; Whereas the Marine Corps has a stated re-quirement for 38 amphibious ships to support the operations of 2 Marine Expeditionary Brigades, but the amphibious fleet numbers only 32 ships today; Whereas former Chief of Naval Operations Admiral Jonathan Greenert testified on March 12, 2014, that, ‘‘[t]oday, in the world that we live in, the world that the Navy and Marine Corps lives in, and the future, we probably need 50 [amphibious ships]’’; Whereas, on April 5, 2017, Marine Corps leaders testified that, ‘‘The most dire readi-ness situation lies within our Aviation ele-ment. An unhealthy percentage of our avia-tion units lack the minimum number of ready basic aircraft (RBA) for training, and we are significantly short ready aircraft for wartime requirements. We simply do not have the available aircraft to meet our squadrons’ requirements’’; Whereas during parts of 2016, only 43 per-cent of the Marine Corps’ total aviation fleet was available for operational employment, including less than 1⁄3of its F/A–18 Hornets; Whereas from fiscal year 2013 through fis-cal year 2017, Marine Corps aviation acci-dents increased by 80 percent from 56 to 101 per year; Whereas between 2011 and 2017, aviation ac-cidents killed more than 60 Marines, includ-ing 19 over a 2-month period in 2017; and Whereas, on March 10, 2017, Deputy Com-mandant Gary L. Thomas stated, ‘‘Unstable fiscal environments prevent the deliberately planned, sustained effort needed to recover current readiness of our legacy equipment in the near term, and to modernize in the longer term . . . We must work to avoid a budget-driven strategy and return to a strat-egy-driven budget, informed by the strategic requirements of the current and future oper-ating environments. Unless we do so, the range of options we have to address current and future threats will further erode’’: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the House of Representa-tives— (1) recognizes that the United States Ma-rine Corps faces significant readiness chal-lenges, as well as shortfalls in end strength and delayed modernization; (2) finds that failing to provide the Marine Corps with stable, robust, and on-time fund-ing impedes its ability to meet ongoing and unexpected security threats, putting United States national security at risk; and (3) commits to enhancing the Marine Corps’ ability to meet our Nation’s threats ‘‘In the air, on land, and sea’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Ms. C
HENEY ) and the gen-tleman from Washington (Mr. S
MITH) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Wyoming. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous material on the resolu-tion under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Wyoming? There was no objection. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ALLA -
GHER ), my colleague on the Armed Services Committee, to discuss his res-olution. Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my good friend from Wyoming for yielding the time but, more importantly, for her leader-ship in this effort to highlight the dev-astating impacts when we fail to pro-vide full, on-time, and robust funding to our military. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H. Res. 994, which would rec-ognize the significant readiness chal-lenges facing the United States Marine Corps, and warn that budgetary uncer-tainty is undermining the ability of our Marines to do their vital work day 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.055 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6294 July 17, 2018 
in and day out in defense of this Na-tion. Since fiscal year 2010, the Active- Duty Marine Corps has shrunk by 8 percent. Thanks to the work of this House, that figure is finally trending in the other direction, but there is still much more work to be done, all of which requires stable, robust, and on- time funding. Seven years after the Budget Control Act we are still digging out from holes we dug ourselves. In hearing after hear-ing, we have heard military leaders make clear that they will face in-creased risk due to continuing resolu-tions and years of accumulated defense cuts. It can be all too easy to wave off these warnings. After all, our military and Marine Corps, in particular, has a ‘‘can-do spirit’’ that is second to none. But increased risk isn’t just an ab-stract notion. It can have very real consequences. The more than 60 Ma-rines who have perished in marine aviation accidents since 2011 are a trag-ic reminder of what increased risk looks like in practice. The new national security and na-tional defense strategies marked sea changes in American security policy. With the new guidance that great power competition, and not terrorism, is the primary challenge to American national security policy. There is still much work to be done to ensure that the Marine Corps, along with the rest of the military, is best positioned to compete for the long-term. From contested entry to dispersed operations from austere locations to contingency response, the Marine Corps is facing great challenges and op-portunities. The obstacles are many as increasingly capable adversaries are forcing the Marine Corps to reconsider long-held assumptions about amphib-ious landings and its ability to operate close to shore. In the face of these challenges, the Corps will have to do what it does best, innovate, and come up with new solu-tions to execute timeless missions. Ul-timately, however, I am optimistic; not just because I was privileged to serve 7 years in the Marine Corps, and I know the quality of the men and women who continue to serve, but because of many other factors, including the simple ge-ography of the Indo-Pacific, which is tailor-made for the United States Ma-rine Corps. As former adversaries learned on the islands of Guadalcanal, New Guinea, and Tarawa, the absolute last place on Earth you want to be is between a Ma-rine and his objective. In the long run however, the only thing that can stop the Marine Corps is this body’s failure to do its job. If we fail to provide on-time, adequate, or predictable funding, we will undermine our Marine Corps’ ability to get the job done. This resolution takes a small step to recognize these challenges and commit to doing better. We owe our beloved Marine Corps nothing less. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, we have had the broader debate, so let me just say very quickly I agree with the resolution brought for-ward by Congressman G
ALLAGHER ; that the budget uncertainty definitely im-pacts readiness and impacts the ability of Marines, in fact, the entire Depart-ment of Defense to fight adequately. I do believe, as I have said earlier, that we need to get at the underlying fiscal issues that have created that, taking us all the way back to the Budget Control Act and why it was passed in 2011 in the first place. We need to get at a fiscal policy in this country so that we can adequately and predictably fund, certainly the Depart-ment of Defense, certainly the Marine Corps, but I would say the entire Fed-eral budget in a way that puts us in a much stronger position as a country. Mr. Speaker, I support the resolu-tion, and I yield back the balance of my time. b1515 Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to start by thanking both my colleagues, Mr. W
ITTMAN from Virginia, Mr. G ALLA -
GHER from Wisconsin, and all of the folks on the Armed Services Com-mittee, Chairman T
HORNBERRY , Rank-ing Member S
MITH, as well as the folks on the Defense Appropriations Sub-committee, led by Chairwoman K
AY G
RANGER , for their tremendous work on these crucially important issues. I think that, again, Mr. S
MITH has highlighted, really, the crux of this issue, and the crux of this issue is whether or not we as a body are going to recognize that we have the ability here and what we do here will deter-mine whether or not we provide the support and the resources our troops need or whether we increase the risk they face. When we are facing a situation where we have had more servicemembers die in training accidents than in combat in the last year, that is an unacceptable and indefensible situation. Mr. Speaker, on this particular reso-lution, I want to thank my colleague from Wisconsin for introducing this resolution. As a marine, he under-stands better than most how what we do in this body impacts our men and women in uniform. H. Res. 994 highlights the vast readi-ness impacts we have seen in the Ma-rine Corps over the past 9 years of con-tinuing resolutions, sequestration, and overall budget dysfunction. We do not want to be in a position, Mr. Speaker, where the Marines are forced to con-tinue to use aging or outdated equip-ment, or they don’t have the funds nec-essary to receive the training they re-quire to undo this readiness crisis, or they don’t have the flexibility they need to respond to the fact that we have got an absolutely changing world of warfare. They need agility to do that, and that requires funds from this body. As my colleagues have said, we have made great progress. Over the past year, we have increased the defense spending caps for fiscal year 2018 and 2019, and we have agreed to fund the Department of Defense at $700 billion for fiscal year 2018. Mr. Speaker, we have got to get that done now for fiscal year 2019. The read-iness crisis was not created in a single year, and it will take many years of ef-fort to be able to address it. The bill that we considered in the House just a few weeks ago passed with over 300 bipartisan votes. I would hope, Mr. Speaker, that we can now, today, commit all of ourselves as a body and urge our colleagues on the other side of this building to ensure that the work that we do is worthy of the men and women in uniform who protect all of us, to ensure that we stay on track to get this bill passed by the Senate and to the President’s desk before the end of the fiscal year. Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Wis-consin (Mr. GALLAGHER ) to close. Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I quite agree with the sentiment expressed by my colleague, Mr. S
MITH, that we do need to look at the overall budget picture. I think what has changed in that picture over time has been the amount of the budg-et consumed by mandatory spending, which is a very difficult problem. I con-cede that it is going to require men and women of good faith on both sides of the aisle to come together and have, if nothing else, an honest debate. The argument was also made that we spend more on defense than a large number of our competitors and our al-lies, combined, in many cases. I hear that a lot. That is true. It is also not that helpful of a statistic, as it ignores both the size of our economy, the rel-ative size of our economy, as well as the unique nature of our global com-mitments. A more useful matrix of perhaps what we are spending as a percentage of GDP, we are still spending below the post-World War II average on defense as a percentage of GDP. For example, during the 1950s, 8 years of peace and prosperity, we were spending closer to 10 percent of our GDP on defense. So I just think we need to be careful when we throw around different terms like this. And I welcome that debate. It is one we definitely need to have. I just would close by saying our Ma-rines put their lives on the line on a daily basis. When we go to war, we can-not guarantee that everyone will come home safely, and the Marines know that. They gladly put their lives on the line. They take the risk, and they ride to the sound of the guns regardless. But I do think that we need to look at what we have the power to affect, and what we have the power to affect 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.057 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6295 July 17, 2018 
here as Members of Congress, regard-less, actually, of who is in the White House, what we have the obligation to affect is to guarantee that we will never send our servicemembers into an unfair fight, that we will provide them with the training, the equipment, and the numbers they need to run up the score on the enemy with decisive and overwhelming force. Mr. Speaker, that is what this resolu-tion is about, and I urge my colleagues to support its adoption. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Ms. C
HENEY ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 994. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the resolu-tion was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
JOBS AND INVESTOR CONFIDENCE ACT OF 2018 Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 488) to increase the threshold for disclosures required by the Securi-ties and Exchange Commission relating to compensatory benefit plans, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 488 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘JOBS and Investor Confidence Act of 2018’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. TITLE I—HELPING ANGELS LEAD OUR STARTUPS Sec. 101. Definition of angel investor group. Sec. 102. Clarification of general solicita-tion. TITLE II—CREDIT ACCESS AND INCLUSION Sec. 201. Positive credit reporting per-mitted. TITLE III—SMALL BUSINESS MERGERS, ACQUISITIONS, SALES, AND BROKER-AGE SIMPLIFICATION Sec. 301. Registration exemption for merger and acquisition brokers. Sec. 302. Effective date. TITLE IV—FAIR INVESTMENT OPPORTU-NITIES FOR PROFESSIONAL EXPERTS Sec. 401. Definition of accredited investor. TITLE V—FOSTERING INNOVATION Sec. 501. Temporary exemption for low-rev-enue issuers. TITLE VI—END BANKING FOR HUMAN TRAFFICKERS Sec. 601. Increasing the role of the financial industry in combating human trafficking. Sec. 602. Coordination of human trafficking issues by the Office of Ter-rorism and Financial Intel-ligence. Sec. 603. Additional reporting requirement under the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000. Sec. 604. Minimum standards for the elimi-nation of trafficking. TITLE VII—INVESTING IN MAIN STREET Sec. 701. Investment in small business in-vestment companies. TITLE VIII—EXCHANGE REGULATORY IMPROVEMENT Sec. 801. Findings. Sec. 802. Facility defined. TITLE IX—ENCOURAGING PUBLIC OFFERINGS Sec. 901. Expanding testing the waters and confidential submissions. TITLE X—FAMILY OFFICE TECHNICAL CORRECTION Sec. 1001. Accredited investor clarification. TITLE XI—EXPANDING ACCESS TO CAPITAL FOR RURAL JOB CREATORS Sec. 1101. Access to capital for rural-area small businesses. TITLE XII—FINANCIAL INSTITUTION LIVING WILL IMPROVEMENT Sec. 1201. Living will reforms. TITLE XIII—PREVENTION OF PRIVATE INFORMATION DISSEMINATION Sec. 1301. Criminal penalty for unauthorized disclosures. TITLE XIV—INTERNATIONAL INSURANCE STANDARDS Sec. 1401. Short title. Sec. 1402. Congressional findings. Sec. 1403. Requirement that insurance standards reflect United States policy. Sec. 1404. State insurance regulator involve-ment in international standard setting. Sec. 1405. Consultation with Congress. Sec. 1406. Report to Congress on inter-national insurance agreements. Sec. 1407. Covered agreements. Sec. 1408. Inapplicability to trade agree-ments. TITLE XV—ALLEVIATING STRESS TEST BURDENS TO HELP INVESTORS Sec. 1501. Stress test relief for nonbanks. TITLE XVI—NATIONAL STRATEGY FOR COMBATING THE FINANCING OF TRANSNATIONAL CRIMINAL ORGANI-ZATIONS Sec. 1601. National strategy. Sec. 1602. Contents of national strategy. Sec. 1603. Definitions. TITLE XVII—COMMON SENSE CREDIT UNION CAPITAL RELIEF Sec. 1701. Delay in effective date. TITLE XVIII—OPTIONS MARKETS STABILITY Sec. 1801. Rulemaking. Sec. 1802. Report to Congress. TITLE XIX—COOPERATE WITH LAW ENFORCEMENT AGENCIES AND WATCH Sec. 1901. Safe harbor with respect to keep open letters. TITLE XX—MAIN STREET GROWTH Sec. 2001. Venture exchanges. TITLE XXI—BUILDING UP INDEPENDENT LIVES AND DREAMS Sec. 2101. Mortgage loan transaction disclo-sure requirements. TITLE XXII—MODERNIZING DISCLOSURES FOR INVESTORS Sec. 2201. Form 10–Q analysis. TITLE XXIII—FIGHT ILLICIT NETWORKS AND DETECT TRAFFICKING Sec. 2301. Findings. Sec. 2302. GAO Study. TITLE XXIV—IMPROVING INVESTMENT RESEARCH FOR SMALL AND EMERG-ING ISSUERS Sec. 2401. Research study. TITLE XXV—DEVELOPING AND EMPOWERING OUR ASPIRING LEADERS Sec. 2501. Definitions. TITLE XXVI—EXPANDING INVESTMENT IN SMALL BUSINESSES Sec. 2601. SEC study. TITLE XXVII—PROMOTING TRANS-PARENT STANDARDS FOR CORPORATE INSIDERS Sec. 2701. SEC study. TITLE XXVIII—INVESTMENT ADVISER REGULATORY FLEXIBILITY IMPROVE-MENT Sec. 2801. Definition of small business of small organization. TITLE XXIX—ENHANCING MULTI-CLASS SHARE DISCLOSURES Sec. 2901. Disclosure Relating to Multi-Class Share Structures. TITLE XXX—NATIONAL SENIOR INVESTOR INITIATIVE Sec. 3001. Senior Investor Taskforce. Sec. 3002. GAO study. TITLE XXXI—MIDDLE MARKET IPO UNDERWRITING COST Sec. 3101. Study on IPO fees. TITLE XXXII—CROWDFUNDING AMENDMENTS Sec. 3201. Crowdfunding vehicles. Sec. 3202. Crowdfunding exemption from reg-istration. TITLE I—HELPING ANGELS LEAD OUR STARTUPS 
SEC. 101. DEFINITION OF ANGEL INVESTOR GROUP. 
As used in this title, the term ‘‘angel in-vestor group’’ means any group that— (1) is composed of accredited investors in-terested in investing personal capital in early-stage companies; (2) holds regular meetings and has defined processes and procedures for making invest-ment decisions, either individually or among the membership of the group as a whole; and (3) is neither associated nor affiliated with brokers, dealers, or investment advisers. 
SEC. 102. CLARIFICATION OF GENERAL SOLICITA-TION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Securities and Exchange Commission shall revise Regulation D of its rules (17 C.F.R. 230.500 et seq.) to require that in carrying out the prohibition against general solicitation or general advertising contained in section 230.502(c) of title 17, Code of Federal Regula-tions, the prohibition shall not apply to a presentation or other communication made by or on behalf of an issuer which is made at an event— (1) sponsored by— (A) the United States or any territory thereof, by the District of Columbia, by any State, by a political subdivision of any State or territory, or by any agency or public in-strumentality of any of the foregoing; (B) a college, university, or other institu-tion of higher education; (C) a nonprofit organization; (D) an angel investor group; (E) a venture forum, venture capital asso-ciation, or trade association; or (F) any other group, person or entity as the Securities and Exchange Commission may determine by rule; (2) where any advertising for the event does not reference any specific offering of se-curities by the issuer; (3) the sponsor of which— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.058 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6296 July 17, 2018 
(A) does not make investment rec-ommendations or provide investment advice to event attendees; (B) does not engage in an active role in any investment negotiations between the issuer and investors attending the event; (C) does not charge event attendees any fees other than administrative fees; (D) does not receive any compensation for making introductions between investors at-tending the event and issuers, or for invest-ment negotiations between such parties; (E) makes readily available to attendees a disclosure not longer than 1 page in length, as prescribed by the Securities and Exchange Commission, describing the nature of the event and the risks of investing in the issuers presenting at the event; and (F) does not receive any compensation with respect to such event that would re-quire registration of the sponsor as a broker or a dealer under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or as an investment advisor under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940; and (4) where no specific information regarding an offering of securities by the issuer is com-municated or distributed by or on behalf of the issuer, other than— (A) that the issuer is in the process of of-fering securities or planning to offer securi-ties; (B) the type and amount of securities being offered; (C) the amount of securities being offered that have already been subscribed for; and (D) the intended use of proceeds of the of-fering. (b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Subsection (a) may only be construed as requiring the Secu-rities and Exchange Commission to amend the requirements of Regulation D with re-spect to presentations and communications, and not with respect to purchases or sales. (c) N
OPRE-EXISTING SUBSTANTIVE RELA-
TIONSHIP BY REASON OF EVENT .—Attendance at an event described under subsection (a) shall not qualify, by itself, as establishing a pre-existing substantive relationship be-tween an issuer and a purchaser, for purposes of Rule 506(b). (d) D
EFINITION OF ISSUER .—For purposes of this section and the revision of rules re-quired under this section, the term ‘‘issuer’’ means an issuer that is a business, is not in bankruptcy or receivership, is not an invest-ment company, and is not a blank check, blind pool, or shell company. TITLE II—CREDIT ACCESS AND INCLUSION 
SEC. 201. POSITIVE CREDIT REPORTING PER-MITTED. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 623 of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681s–2) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) F
ULL-FILECREDIT REPORTING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the limita-tions in paragraphs (2) through (4) and not-withstanding any other provision of law, a person or the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development may furnish to a con-sumer reporting agency information relating to the performance of a consumer in making payments— ‘‘(A) under a lease agreement with respect to a dwelling, including such a lease in which the Department of Housing and Urban Devel-opment provides subsidized payments for oc-cupancy in a dwelling; or ‘‘(B) pursuant to a contract for a utility or telecommunications service. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—Information about a con-sumer’s usage of any utility services pro-vided by a utility or telecommunication firm may be furnished to a consumer reporting agency only to the extent that such informa-tion relates to payment by the consumer for the services of such utility or telecommuni-cation service or other terms of the provi-sion of the services to the consumer, includ-ing any deposit, discount, or conditions for interruption or termination of the services. ‘‘(3) PAYMENT PLAN .—An energy utility firm, telephone company, or wireless pro-vider may not report payment information to a consumer reporting agency with respect to an outstanding balance of a consumer as late if— ‘‘(A) the energy utility firm, telephone company, or wireless provider and the con-sumer have entered into a payment plan (in-cluding a deferred payment agreement, an arrearage management program, or a debt forgiveness program) with respect to such outstanding balance; and ‘‘(B) the consumer is meeting the obliga-tions of the payment plan, as determined by the energy utility firm, telephone company, or wireless provider. ‘‘(4) R
ELATION TO STATE LAW .—Notwith- standing section 625, this subsection shall not preempt any law of a State with respect to furnishing to a consumer reporting agen-cy information relating to the performance of a consumer in making payments pursuant to a contract for a utility or telecommuni-cations service. ‘‘(5) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection, the following definitions shall apply: ‘‘(A) E
NERGY UTILITY FIRM .—The term ‘en-ergy utility firm’ means an entity that pro-vides gas or electric utility services to the public. ‘‘(B) U
TILITY OR TELECOMMUNICATION  
FIRM.—The term ‘utility or telecommuni-cation firm’ means an entity that provides utility services to the public through pipe, wire, landline, wireless, cable, or other con-nected facilities, or radio, electronic, or similar transmission (including the exten-sion of such facilities).’’. (b) L
IMITATION ON LIABILITY .—Section 623(c) of the Consumer Credit Protection Act (15 U.S.C. 1681s–2(c)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (4); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(3) subsection (f) of this section, including any regulations issued thereunder; or’’. (c) HUD R
ULEMAKING .—Not later than the end of the 8-month period following the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall issue regulations directing public housing agencies to develop procedures and capacity to— (1) ensure the complete and accurate re-porting of data regarding tenants of public housing and families assisted under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f) when furnishing information to a consumer reporting agency pursuant to section 623(f) of the Fair Credit Reporting Act; and (2) handle complaints with respect to such reporting. (d) GAO S
TUDY AND REPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date that final rules are issued pursuant to subsection (c), the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report on the im-pact of furnishing information pursuant to subsection (f) of section 623 of the Fair Cred-it Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681s–2) (as added by this section) on consumers. (e) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendment by subsection (a) shall not apply to a consumer in connection with a lease in which the De-partment of Housing and Urban Development provides subsidized payments for occupancy in a dwelling until the date on which final rules are issued pursuant to subsection (c). TITLE III—SMALL BUSINESS MERGERS, ACQUISITIONS, SALES, AND BROKERAGE SIMPLIFICATION SEC. 301. REGISTRATION EXEMPTION FOR MERG-ER AND ACQUISITION BROKERS. 
Section 15(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78o(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(13) R
EGISTRATION EXEMPTION FOR MERGER  
AND ACQUISITION BROKERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), an M&A broker shall be exempt from registration under this section. ‘‘(B) E
XCLUDED ACTIVITIES .—An M&A broker is not exempt from registration under this paragraph if such broker does any of the following: ‘‘(i) Directly or indirectly, in connection with the transfer of ownership of an eligible privately held company, receives, holds, transmits, or has custody of the funds or se-curities to be exchanged by the parties to the transaction. ‘‘(ii) Engages on behalf of an issuer in a public offering of any class of securities that is registered, or is required to be registered, with the Commission under section 12 or with respect to which the issuer files, or is required to file, periodic information, docu-ments, and reports under subsection (d). ‘‘(iii) Engages on behalf of any party in a transaction involving a shell company, other than a business combination related shell company. ‘‘(iv) Directly, or indirectly through any of its affiliates, provides financing related to the transfer of ownership of an eligible pri-vately held company. ‘‘(v) Assists any party to obtain financing from an unaffiliated third party without— ‘‘(I) complying with all other applicable laws in connection with such assistance, in-cluding, if applicable, Regulation T (12 C.F.R. 220 et seq.); and ‘‘(II) disclosing any compensation in writ-ing to the party. ‘‘(vi) Represents both the buyer and the seller in the same transaction without pro-viding clear written disclosure as to the par-ties the broker represents and obtaining written consent from both parties to the joint representation. ‘‘(vii) Facilitates a transaction with a group of buyers formed with the assistance of the M&A broker to acquire the eligible privately held company. ‘‘(viii) Engages in a transaction involving the transfer of ownership of an eligible pri-vately held company to a passive buyer or group of passive buyers. For purposes of the preceding sentence, a buyer that is actively involved in managing the acquired company is not a passive buyer, regardless of whether such buyer is itself owned by passive bene-ficial owners. ‘‘(ix) Binds a party to a transfer of owner-ship of an eligible privately held company. ‘‘(C) D
ISQUALIFICATIONS .—An M&A broker is not exempt from registration under this paragraph if such broker is subject to— ‘‘(i) suspension or revocation of registra-tion under paragraph (4); ‘‘(ii) a statutory disqualification described in section 3(a)(39); ‘‘(iii) a disqualification under the rules adopted by the Commission under section 926 of the Investor Protection and Securities Re-form Act of 2010 (15 U.S.C. 77d note); or ‘‘(iv) a final order described in paragraph (4)(H). ‘‘(D) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to limit any other authority of the Commission to exempt any person, or any class of persons, from any provision of this title, or from any 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.021 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6297 July 17, 2018 
provision of any rule or regulation there-under. ‘‘(E) D
EFINITIONS .—In this paragraph: ‘‘(i) B
USINESS COMBINATION RELATED SHELL  
COMPANY .—The term ‘business combination related shell company’ means a shell com-pany that is formed by an entity that is not a shell company— ‘‘(I) solely for the purpose of changing the corporate domicile of that entity solely within the United States; or ‘‘(II) solely for the purpose of completing a business combination transaction (as defined under section 230.165(f) of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations) among one or more en-tities other than the company itself, none of which is a shell company. ‘‘(ii) C
ONTROL .—The term ‘control’ means the power, directly or indirectly, to direct the management or policies of a company, whether through ownership of securities, by contract, or otherwise. There is a presump-tion of control for any person who— ‘‘(I) is a director, general partner, member or manager of a limited liability company, or corporate officer of a corporation or lim-ited liability company, and exercises execu-tive responsibility (or has similar status or functions); ‘‘(II) has the right to vote 25 percent or more of a class of voting securities or the power to sell or direct the sale of 25 percent or more of a class of voting securities; or ‘‘(III) in the case of a partnership or lim-ited liability company, has the right to re-ceive upon dissolution, or has contributed, 25 percent or more of the capital. ‘‘(iii) E
LIGIBLE PRIVATELY HELD COMPANY .— The term ‘eligible privately held company’ means a privately held company that meets both of the following conditions: ‘‘(I) The company does not have any class of securities registered, or required to be reg-istered, with the Commission under section 12 or with respect to which the company files, or is required to file, periodic informa-tion, documents, and reports under sub-section (d). ‘‘(II) In the fiscal year ending immediately before the fiscal year in which the services of the M&A broker are initially engaged with respect to the securities transaction, the company meets either or both of the fol-lowing conditions (determined in accordance with the historical financial accounting records of the company): ‘‘(aa) The earnings of the company before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortiza-tion are less than $25,000,000. ‘‘(bb) The gross revenues of the company are less than $250,000,000. For purposes of this subclause, the Commis-sion may by rule modify the dollar figures if the Commission determines that such a modification is necessary or appropriate in the public interest or for the protection of investors. ‘‘(iv) M&A 
BROKER .—The term ‘M&A broker’ means a broker, and any person asso-ciated with a broker, engaged in the business of effecting securities transactions solely in connection with the transfer of ownership of an eligible privately held company, regard-less of whether the broker acts on behalf of a seller or buyer, through the purchase, sale, exchange, issuance, repurchase, or redemp-tion of, or a business combination involving, securities or assets of the eligible privately held company, if the broker reasonably be-lieves that— ‘‘(I) upon consummation of the trans-action, any person acquiring securities or as-sets of the eligible privately held company, acting alone or in concert, will control and, directly or indirectly, will be active in the management of the eligible privately held company or the business conducted with the assets of the eligible privately held com-pany; and ‘‘(II) if any person is offered securities in exchange for securities or assets of the eligi-ble privately held company, such person will, prior to becoming legally bound to consum-mate the transaction, receive or have rea-sonable access to the most recent fiscal year- end financial statements of the issuer of the securities as customarily prepared by the management of the issuer in the normal course of operations and, if the financial statements of the issuer are audited, re-viewed, or compiled, any related statement by the independent accountant, a balance sheet dated not more than 120 days before the date of the offer, and information per-taining to the management, business, results of operations for the period covered by the foregoing financial statements, and material loss contingencies of the issuer. ‘‘(v) SHELL COMPANY .—The term ‘shell com-pany’ means a company that at the time of a transaction with an eligible privately held company— ‘‘(I) has no or nominal operations; and ‘‘(II) has— ‘‘(aa) no or nominal assets; ‘‘(bb) assets consisting solely of cash and cash equivalents; or ‘‘(cc) assets consisting of any amount of cash and cash equivalents and nominal other assets. ‘‘(F) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—On the date that is 5 years after the date of the enactment of this paragraph, and every 5 years thereafter, each dollar amount in subparagraph (E)(ii)(II) shall be adjusted by— ‘‘(I) dividing the annual value of the Em-ployment Cost Index For Wages and Salaries, Private Industry Workers (or any successor index), as published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics, for the calendar year preceding the calendar year in which the adjustment is being made by the annual value of such index (or successor) for the calendar year ending December 31, 2012; and ‘‘(II) multiplying such dollar amount by the quotient obtained under subclause (I). ‘‘(ii) R
OUNDING .—Each dollar amount de-termined under clause (i) shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $100,000.’’. 
SEC. 302. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
The amendment made by this title shall take effect on the date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. TITLE IV—FAIR INVESTMENT OPPORTUNI-TIES FOR PROFESSIONAL EXPERTS 
SEC. 401. DEFINITION OF ACCREDITED INVES-TOR. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2(a)(15) of the Se-curities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77b(a)(15) is amended— (1) by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as subparagraphs (A) and (F), respectively; and (2) in subparagraph (A) (as so redesig-nated), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a semicolon, and inserting after such subpara-graph the following: ‘‘(B) any natural person whose individual net worth, or joint net worth with that per-son’s spouse, exceeds $1,000,000 (which amount, along with the amounts set forth in subparagraph (C), shall be adjusted for infla-tion by the Commission every 5 years to the nearest $10,000 to reflect the change in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Con-sumers published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics) where, for purposes of calculating net worth under this subparagraph— ‘‘(i) the person’s primary residence shall not be included as an asset; ‘‘(ii) indebtedness that is secured by the person’s primary residence, up to the esti-mated fair market value of the primary resi-dence at the time of the sale of securities, shall not be included as a liability (except that if the amount of such indebtedness out-standing at the time of sale of securities ex-ceeds the amount outstanding 60 days before such time, other than as a result of the ac-quisition of the primary residence, the amount of such excess shall be included as a liability); and ‘‘(iii) indebtedness that is secured by the person’s primary residence in excess of the estimated fair market value of the primary residence at the time of the sale of securities shall be included as a liability; ‘‘(C) any natural person who had an indi-vidual income in excess of $200,000 in each of the 2 most recent years or joint income with that person’s spouse in excess of $300,000 in each of those years and has a reasonable ex-pectation of reaching the same income level in the current year; ‘‘(D) any natural person who is currently licensed or registered as a broker or invest-ment adviser by the Commission, the Finan-cial Industry Regulatory Authority, or an equivalent self-regulatory organization (as defined in section 3(a)(26) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), or the securities divi-sion of a State or the equivalent State divi-sion responsible for licensing or registration of individuals in connection with securities activities; ‘‘(E) any natural person the Commission determines, by regulation, to have demon-strable education or job experience to qual-ify such person as having professional knowl-edge of a subject related to a particular in-vestment, and whose education or job experi-ence is verified by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority or an equivalent self- regulatory organization (as defined in sec-tion 3(a)(26) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934); or’’. (b) RULEMAKING .—The Commission shall revise the definition of accredited investor under Regulation D (17 C.F.R. 230.501 et seq.) to conform with the amendments made by subsection (a). TITLE V—FOSTERING INNOVATION 
SEC. 501. TEMPORARY EXEMPTION FOR LOW- REVENUE ISSUERS. 
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (15 U.S.C. 7262) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) T
EMPORARY EXEMPTION FOR LOW-REV-
ENUE ISSUERS .— ‘‘(1) L
OW-REVENUE EXEMPTION .—Subsection (b) shall not apply with respect to an audit report prepared for an issuer that— ‘‘(A) ceased to be an emerging growth com-pany on the last day of the fiscal year of the issuer following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of common equity secu-rities of the issuer pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933; ‘‘(B) had average annual gross revenues of less than $50,000,000 as of its most recently completed fiscal year; and ‘‘(C) is not a large accelerated filer. ‘‘(2) E
XPIRATION OF TEMPORARY EXEMP -
TION.—An issuer ceases to be eligible for the exemption described under paragraph (1) at the earliest of— ‘‘(A) the last day of the fiscal year of the issuer following the tenth anniversary of the date of the first sale of common equity secu-rities of the issuer pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933; ‘‘(B) the last day of the fiscal year of the issuer during which the average annual gross revenues of the issuer exceed $50,000,000; or ‘‘(C) the date on which the issuer becomes a large accelerated filer. ‘‘(3) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-section: ‘‘(A) A
VERAGE ANNUAL GROSS REVENUES .— The term ‘average annual gross revenues’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.021 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6298 July 17, 2018 
means the total gross revenues of an issuer over its most recently completed three fiscal years divided by three. ‘‘(B) E
MERGING GROWTH COMPANY .—The term ‘emerging growth company’ has the meaning given such term under section 3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c). ‘‘(C) L
ARGE ACCELERATED FILER .—The term ‘large accelerated filer’ has the meaning given that term under section 240.12b–2 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor thereto.’’. TITLE VI—END BANKING FOR HUMAN TRAFFICKERS 
SEC. 601. INCREASING THE ROLE OF THE FINAN-CIAL INDUSTRY IN COMBATING HUMAN TRAFFICKING. 
(a) T REASURY AS A MEMBER OF THE PRESI-
DENT ’SINTERAGENCY TASKFORCE TOMONITOR  
ANDCOMBAT TRAFFICKING .—Section 105(b) of the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Pro-tection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7103(b)) is amended by inserting ‘‘the Secretary of the Treasury,’’ after ‘‘the Secretary of Edu-cation,’’. (b) R
EQUIRED REVIEW OF PROCEDURES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Financial Institu-tions Examination Council, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, the pri-vate sector, and appropriate law enforcement agencies, shall— (1) review and enhance training and exami-nations procedures to improve the capabili-ties of anti-money laundering and coun-tering the financing of terrorism programs to detect financial transactions relating to severe forms of trafficking in persons; (2) review and enhance procedures for re-ferring potential cases relating to severe forms of trafficking in persons to the appro-priate law enforcement agency; and (3) determine, as appropriate, whether re-quirements for financial institutions are suf-ficient to detect and deter money laundering relating to severe forms of trafficking in per-sons. (c) I
NTERAGENCY TASKFORCE RECOMMENDA -
TIONS TARGETING MONEY LAUNDERING RE-
LATED TO HUMAN TRAFFICKING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Interagency Task Force to Monitor and Combat Trafficking shall submit to the Com-mittee on Financial Services and the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the House of Rep-resentatives, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the Senate, and the head of each appropriate Federal bank-ing agency— (A) an analysis of anti-money laundering efforts of the United States Government and United States financial institutions relating to severe forms of trafficking in persons; and (B) appropriate legislative, administrative, and other recommendations to strengthen ef-forts against money laundering relating to severe forms of trafficking in persons. (2) R
EQUIRED RECOMMENDATIONS .—The rec- ommendations under paragraph (1) shall in-clude— (A) feedback from financial institutions on best practices of successful programs to com-bat severe forms of trafficking in persons currently in place that may be suitable for broader adoption by similarly situated finan-cial institutions; (B) feedback from stakeholders, including victims of severe forms of trafficking in per-sons and financial institutions, on policy proposals derived from the analysis con-ducted by the task force referred to in para-graph (1) that would enhance the efforts and programs of financial institutions to detect and deter money laundering relating to se-vere forms of trafficking in persons, includ-ing any recommended changes to internal policies, procedures, and controls relating to severe forms of trafficking in persons; (C) any recommended changes to training programs at financial institutions to better equip employees to deter and detect money laundering relating to severe forms of traf-ficking in persons; (D) any recommended changes to expand information sharing relating to severe forms of trafficking in persons among financial in-stitutions and between such financial insti-tutions, appropriate law enforcement agen-cies, and appropriate Federal agencies; and (E) recommended changes, if necessary, to existing statutory law to more effectively detect and deter money laundering relating to severe forms of trafficking in persons, where such money laundering involves the use of emerging technologies and virtual currencies. (d) LIMITATION .—Nothing in this title shall be construed to grant rulemaking authority to the Interagency Task Force to Monitor and Combat Trafficking. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—As used in this section— (1) the term ‘‘appropriate Federal banking agency’’ has the meaning given the term in section 3(q) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813(q)); (2) the term ‘‘severe forms of trafficking in persons’’ has the meaning given such term in section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102); (3) the term ‘‘Interagency Task Force to Monitor and Combat Trafficking’’ means the Interagency Task Force to Monitor and Combat Trafficking established by the Presi-dent pursuant to section 105 of the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7103); and (4) the term ‘‘law enforcement agency’’ means an agency of the United States, a State, or a political subdivision of a State, authorized by law or by a government agen-cy to engage in or supervise the prevention, detection, investigation, or prosecution of any violation of criminal or civil law. 
SEC. 602. COORDINATION OF HUMAN TRAF-FICKING ISSUES BY THE OFFICE OF TERRORISM AND FINANCIAL INTEL-LIGENCE. 
(a) F UNCTIONS .—Section 312(a)(4) of title 31, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraphs (E), (F), and (G) as subparagraphs (F), (G), and (H), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subparagraph (D) the following: ‘‘(E) combating illicit financing relating to severe forms of trafficking in persons;’’. (b) I
NTERAGENCY COORDINATION .—Section 312(a) of title 31, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) I
NTERAGENCY COORDINATION .—The Sec- retary of the Treasury, after consultation with the Undersecretary for Terrorism and Financial Crimes, shall designate an office within the OTFI that shall coordinate efforts to combat the illicit financing of severe forms of trafficking in persons with— ‘‘(A) other offices of the Department of the Treasury; ‘‘(B) other Federal agencies, including— ‘‘(i) the Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons of the Department of State; and ‘‘(ii) the Interagency Task Force to Mon-itor and Combat Trafficking; ‘‘(C) State and local law enforcement agen-cies; and ‘‘(D) foreign governments.’’. (c) D
EFINITION .—Section 312(a) of title 31, United States Code, as amended by this sec-tion, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(9) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘severe forms of trafficking in persons’ has the meaning given such term in section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102).’’. SEC. 603. ADDITIONAL REPORTING REQUIRE-MENT UNDER THE TRAFFICKING VICTIMS PROTECTION ACT OF 2000. 
Section 105(d)(7) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7103(d)(7)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A)— (A) by inserting ‘‘the Committee on Finan-cial Services,’’ after ‘‘the Committee on For-eign Affairs,’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs,’’ after ‘‘the Committee on Foreign Relations,’’; (2) in subparagraph (Q)(vii), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (3) in subparagraph (R), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(S) the efforts of the United States to eliminate money laundering relating to se-vere forms of trafficking in persons and the number of investigations, arrests, indict-ments, and convictions in money laundering cases with a nexus to severe forms of traf-ficking in persons.’’. 
SEC. 604. MINIMUM STANDARDS FOR THE ELIMI-NATION OF TRAFFICKING. 
Section 108(b) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7106(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(13) Whether the government of the coun-try, consistent with the capacity of the country, has in effect a framework to pre-vent financial transactions involving the proceeds of severe forms of trafficking in persons, and is taking steps to implement such a framework, including by inves-tigating, prosecuting, convicting, and sen-tencing individuals who attempt or conduct such transactions.’’. TITLE VII—INVESTING IN MAIN STREET 
SEC. 701. INVESTMENT IN SMALL BUSINESS IN-VESTMENT COMPANIES. 
Section 302(b) of the Small Business In-vestment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 682(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting before the period the following: ‘‘or, subject to the ap-proval of the appropriate Federal banking agency, 15 percent of such capital and sur-plus’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by inserting before the period the following: ‘‘or, subject to the ap-proval of the appropriate Federal banking agency, 15 percent of such capital and sur-plus’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) A
PPROPRIATE FEDERAL BANKING AGENCY  
DEFINED .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘appropriate Federal banking agen-cy’ has the meaning given that term under section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.’’. TITLE VIII—EXCHANGE REGULATORY IMPROVEMENT 
SEC. 801. FINDINGS. 
The Congress finds the following: (1) Over time, national securities ex-changes have expanded their businesses be-yond listings and trading to include the sale of additional products and services to their members and listed companies. (2) The Securities and Exchange Commis-sion should be transparent in its interpreta-tion of the term ‘‘facility’’ in section 3(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)). 
SEC. 802. FACILITY DEFINED. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 360 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.021 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6299 July 17, 2018 
‘‘Commission’’) shall adopt regulations to further interpret the term ‘‘facility’’ under section 3(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Such regulations shall set forth the facts and circumstances the Commission considers when determining whether any premises or property, or the right to use any premises, property, or service is or is not a facility of an exchange. (b) A
PPLICATION TO PROPOSED RULES .—The Commission shall apply the facts and cir-cumstances set forth in the regulations issued pursuant to subsection (a) in deter-mining whether any proposed rule is or is not required to be submitted as a proposed rule filing pursuant to section 19 of the Secu-rities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules and regulations issued thereunder. TITLE IX—ENCOURAGING PUBLIC OFFERINGS 
SEC. 901. EXPANDING TESTING THE WATERS AND CONFIDENTIAL SUBMISSIONS. 
The Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77a et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 5(d)— (A) by striking ‘‘Notwithstanding’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding’’; (B) by striking ‘‘an emerging growth com-pany or any person authorized to act on be-half of an emerging growth company’’ and inserting ‘‘an issuer or any person author-ized to act on behalf of an issuer’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission may issue regulations, subject to public notice and comment, to impose such other terms, conditions, or requirements on the engaging in oral or written communications described under paragraph (1) by an issuer other than an emerging growth company as the Com-mission determines appropriate. ‘‘(B) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Prior to any rulemaking described under subparagraph (A), the Commission shall issue a report to the Congress containing a list of the findings supporting the basis of such rulemaking.’’; and (2) in section 6(e)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘E
MERGING  G
ROWTH COMPANIES ’’ and inserting ‘‘D RAFT  R
EGISTRATION STATEMENTS ’’; (B) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-graph (4); and (C) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) P
RIOR TO INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING .— Any issuer, prior to its initial public offering date, may confidentially submit to the Com-mission a draft registration statement, for confidential nonpublic review by the staff of the Commission prior to public filing, pro-vided that the initial confidential submis-sion and all amendments thereto shall be publicly filed with the Commission not later than 15 days before the date on which the issuer conducts a road show (as defined under section 230.433(h)(4) of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations) or, in the absence of a road show, at least 15 days prior to the re-quested effective date of the registration statement. ‘‘(2) W
ITHIN 1 YEAR AFTER INITIAL PUBLIC OF -
FERING OR EXCHANGE REGISTRATION .—Any issuer, within the 1-year period following its initial public offering or its registration of a security under section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, may confidentially submit to the Commission a draft registra-tion statement, for confidential nonpublic review by the staff of the Commission prior to public filing, provided that the initial confidential submission and all amendments thereto shall be publicly filed with the Com-mission by a date and time prior to any re-quested effective date and time that the Commission determines is appropriate to protect investors. ‘‘(3) ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission may issue regulations, subject to public notice and comment, to impose such other terms, conditions, or requirements on the submis-sion of draft registration statements de-scribed under this subsection by an issuer other than an emerging growth company as the Commission determines appropriate. ‘‘(B) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Prior to any rulemaking described under subparagraph (A), the Commission shall issue a report to the Congress containing a list of the findings supporting the basis of such rulemaking.’’. TITLE X—FAMILY OFFICE TECHNICAL CORRECTION 
SEC. 1001. ACCREDITED INVESTOR CLARIFICA-TION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), any family office or a family client of a fam-ily office, as defined in section 275.202(a)(11)(G)–1 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, shall be deemed to be an ac-credited investor, as defined in Regulation D of the Securities and Exchange Commission (or any successor thereto) under the Securi-ties Act of 1933. (b) L
IMITATION .—Subsection (a) only ap-plies to a family office with assets under management in excess of $5,000,000, and a family office or a family client not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the se-curities offered, and whose purchase is di-rected by a person who has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that such person is capable of evalu-ating the merits and risks of the prospective investment. TITLE XI—EXPANDING ACCESS TO CAPITAL FOR RURAL JOB CREATORS 
SEC. 1101. ACCESS TO CAPITAL FOR RURAL-AREA SMALL BUSINESSES. 
Section 4(j) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78d(j)) is amended— (1) in paragraph(4)(C), by inserting ‘‘rural- area small businesses,’’ after ‘‘women-owned small businesses,’’; and (2) in paragraph (6)(B)(iii), by inserting ‘‘rural-area small businesses,’’ after ‘‘women-owned small businesses,’’. TITLE XII—FINANCIAL INSTITUTION LIVING WILL IMPROVEMENT 
SEC. 1201. LIVING WILL REFORMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 165(d) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Con-sumer Protection Act (12 U.S.C. 5365(d)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘periodi-cally’’ and inserting ‘‘every 2 years’’; and (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘The Board’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Board’’; (B) by striking ‘‘shall review’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘shall— ‘‘(i) review’’; (C) by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) not later than the end of the 6-month period beginning on the date the company submits the resolution plan, provide feed-back to the company on such plan. ‘‘(B) D
ISCLOSURE OF ASSESSMENT FRAME -
WORK .—The Board of Governors and the Cor-poration shall publicly disclose the assess-ment framework that is used to review infor-mation under this paragraph.’’. (b) T
REATMENT OF OTHER RESOLUTION PLAN R
EQUIREMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to an appro-priate Federal banking agency that requires a banking organization to submit to the agency a resolution plan not described under section 165(d) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act— (A) the respective agency shall ensure that the review of such resolution plan is con-sistent with the requirements contained in the amendments made by this section; (B) the agency may not require the submis-sion of such a resolution plan more often than every 2 years; and (C) paragraphs (6) and (7) of such section 165(d) shall apply to such a resolution plan. (2) DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-section: (A) A
PPROPRIATE FEDERAL BANKING AGEN -
CY.—The term ‘‘appropriate Federal banking agency’’— (i) has the meaning given such term under section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act; and (ii) means the National Credit Union Ad-ministration, in the case of an insured credit union. (B) B
ANKING ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘‘banking organization’’ means— (i) an insured depository institution; (ii) an insured credit union; (iii) a depository institution holding com-pany; (iv) a company that is treated as a bank holding company for purposes of section 8 of the International Banking Act; and (v) a U.S. intermediate holding company established by a foreign banking organiza-tion pursuant to section 252.153 of title 12, Code of Federal Regulations. (C) I
NSURED CREDIT UNION .—The term ‘‘in-sured credit union’’ has the meaning given that term under section 101 of the Federal Credit Union Act. (D) O
THER BANKING TERMS .—The terms ‘‘de-pository institution holding company’’ and ‘‘insured depository institution’’ have the meaning given those terms, respectively, under section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insur-ance Act. (c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section, or any amendment made by this section, shall be construed as limiting the authority of an appropriate Federal banking agency (as defined under subsection (b)(2)) to obtain information from an institution in connection with such agency’s authority to examine or require reports from the institu-tion. TITLE XIII—PREVENTION OF PRIVATE INFORMATION DISSEMINATION 
SEC. 1301. CRIMINAL PENALTY FOR UNAUTHOR-IZED DISCLOSURES. 
Section 165 of the Financial Stability Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5365) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(l) C
RIMINAL PENALTY FOR UNAUTHORIZED  D
ISCLOSURES .—Section 552a(i)(1) of title 5, United States Code, shall apply to a deter-mination made under subsection (d) or (i) based on individually identifiable informa-tion submitted pursuant to the requirements of this section to the same extent as such section 552a(i)(1) applies to agency records which contain individually identifiable infor-mation the disclosure of which is prohibited by such section 552a or by rules or regula-tions established thereunder.’’. TITLE XIV—INTERNATIONAL INSURANCE STANDARDS 
SEC. 1401. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Inter-national Insurance Standards Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 1402. CONGRESSIONAL FINDINGS. 
The Congress finds the following: (1) The State-based system for insurance regulation in the United States has served American consumers well for more than 150 years and has fostered an open and competi-tive marketplace with a diversity of insur-ance products to the benefit of policyholders and consumers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.021 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6300 July 17, 2018 
(2) Protecting policyholders by regulating to ensure an insurer’s ability to pay claims has been the hallmark of the successful United States system and should be the paramount objective of domestic prudential regulation and emerging international standards. (3) The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Public Law 111–203) reaffirmed the State-based insurance regulatory system. 
SEC. 1403. REQUIREMENT THAT INSURANCE STANDARDS REFLECT UNITED STATES POLICY. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Parties representing the Federal Government in any international regulatory, standard-setting, or supervisory forum or in any negotiations of any inter-national agreements relating to the pruden-tial aspects of insurance shall not agree to, accede to, accept, or establish any proposed agreement or standard if the proposed agree-ment or standard fails to recognize the United States system of insurance regula-tion as satisfying such proposals. (2) I
NAPPLICABILITY .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to any forum or negotiations relat-ing to a covered agreement (as such term is defined in section 313(r) of title 31, United States Code). (b) F
EDERAL INSURANCE OFFICE FUNC-
TIONS .—Subparagraph (E) of section 313(c)(1) of title 31, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘Federal Government’’ after ‘‘United States’’. (c) N
EGOTIATIONS .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to prevent participation in negotiations of any proposed agreement or standard. 
SEC. 1404. STATE INSURANCE REGULATOR IN-VOLVEMENT IN INTERNATIONAL STANDARD SETTING. 
In developing international insurance standards pursuant to section 1403, and throughout the negotiations of such stand-ards, parties representing the Federal Gov-ernment shall, on matters related to insur-ance, closely consult, coordinate with, and seek to include in such meetings State insur-ance commissioners or, at the option of the State insurance commissioners, designees of the insurance commissioners acting at their direction. 
SEC. 1405. CONSULTATION WITH CONGRESS. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT .—Parties representing the Federal Government with respect to any agreement under section 1403 shall provide written notice to and consult with the Com-mittee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate, and any other relevant committees of jurisdiction— (1) before initiating negotiations to enter into the agreement, regarding— (A) the intention of the United States to participate in or enter into such negotia-tions; and (B) the nature and objectives of the nego-tiations; and (2) during negotiations to enter into the agreement, regarding— (A) the nature and objectives of the nego-tiations (B) the implementation of the agreement, including how it is consistent with and does not materially differ from or otherwise af-fect Federal or State laws or regulations; (C) the impact on the competitiveness of United States insurers; and (D) the impact on United States con-sumers. (b) C
ONSULTATION WITHFEDERAL ADVISORY  C
OMMITTEE ON INSURANCE .—Before entering into an agreement under section 1403, the Secretary of the Treasury shall seek to con-sult with the Federal Advisory Committee on Insurance formed pursuant to section 313(h) of title 31, United States Code. SEC. 1406. REPORT TO CONGRESS ON INTER-NATIONAL INSURANCE AGREE-MENTS. 
Before entering into an agreement under section 1403, parties representing the Federal Government shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees and leadership a report that describes — (1) the implementation of the agreement, including how it is consistent with and does not materially differ from or otherwise af-fect Federal or State laws or regulations; (2) the impact on the competitiveness of United States insurers; and (3) the impact on United States consumers. 
SEC. 1407. COVERED AGREEMENTS. 
(a) P REEMPTION OF STATE INSURANCE MEAS-
URES .—Subsection (f) of section 313 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing ‘‘Director’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary’’. (b) D
EFINITION .—Paragraph (2) of section 313(r) of title 31, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) applies only on a prospective basis.’’. (c) C
ONSULTATION ; SUBMISSION AND LAY-
OVER ; CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW .—Section 314 of title 31, United States Code is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (2)(C), by striking ‘‘laws’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘and Federal law, and the nature of any changes in the laws of the United States or the administra-tion of such laws that would be required to carry out a covered agreement’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) A
CCESS TO NEGOTIATING TEXTS AND  
OTHER DOCUMENTS .—Appropriate congres-sional committees and staff with proper se-curity clearances shall be given timely ac-cess to United States negotiating proposals, consolidated draft texts, and other pertinent documents related to the negotiations, in-cluding classified materials.’’; (2) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (d); (3) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(c) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR CONSULTATIONS  W
ITH STATE INSURANCE COMMISSIONERS .— Throughout the negotiations of a covered agreement, parties representing the Federal Government shall closely consult and coordi-nate with State insurance commissioners.’’; (4) in subsection (d), as so redesignated by paragraph (2)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘only if—’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘only if, before signing the final legal text or otherwise entering into the agreement—’’; (B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘congres-sional committees specified in subsection (b)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘appropriate congres-sional committees and leadership and to con-gressional committee staff with proper secu-rity clearances’’; and (C) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2)(A) the 90-day period beginning on the date on which the copy of the final legal text of the agreement is submitted under para-graph (1) to the congressional committees, leadership, and staff has expired; and ‘‘(B) the covered agreement has not been prevented from taking effect pursuant to subsection (e).’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following new subsections: ‘‘(e) PERIOD FOR REVIEW BY CONGRESS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—During the layover pe-riod referred to in subsection (d)(2)(A), the Committees on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and Finance of the Senate and the Committees on Financial Services and Ways of Means of the House of Representatives should, as appropriate, exercise their full oversight responsibility. ‘‘(2) E
FFECT OF ENACTMENT OF A JOINT RESO -
LUTION OF DISAPPROVAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, if a joint resolu-tion of disapproval relating to a covered agreement submitted under subsection (d)(1) is enacted in accordance with subsection (f), the covered agreement shall not enter into force with respect to the United States. ‘‘(f) J
OINT RESOLUTIONS OF DISAPPROVAL .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘joint resolution of disapproval’ means, with respect to proposed covered agreement, only a joint resolution of either House of Congress— ‘‘(A) that is introduced during the 90-day period referred to in subsection (d)(2)(A) re-lating to such proposed covered agreement; ‘‘(B) which does not have a preamble; ‘‘(C) the title of which is as follows: ‘A joint resolution disapproving a certain pro-posed covered agreement under section 314 of title 31, United States Code.’; and ‘‘(D) the sole matter after the resolving clause of which is the following: ‘Congress disapproves of the proposed covered agree-ment submitted to Congress under section 314(c)(1) of title 31, United States Code, on lllllll relating to llllllll.’, with the first blank space being filled with the appropriate date and the second blank space being filled with a short description of the proposed covered agreement. ‘‘(2) I
NTRODUCTION .—During the layover pe-riod referred to in subsection (d)(2)(A), a joint resolution of disapproval may be intro-duced— ‘‘(A) in the House of Representatives, by any Member of the House, and ‘‘(B) in the Senate, by any Senator, and shall be referred to the appropriate com-mittees. ‘‘(3) R
ULES OF HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
AND SENATE .—This subsection is enacted by Congress— ‘‘(A) as an exercise of the rulemaking power of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives, respectively, and as such is deemed a part of the rules of each House, re-spectively, and supersedes other rules only to the extent that it is inconsistent with such rules; and ‘‘(B) with full recognition of the constitu-tional right of either House to change the rules (so far as relating to the procedure of that House) at any time, in the same man-ner, and to the same extent as in the case of any other rule of that House. ‘‘(g) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES AND LEADERSHIP DEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘appropriate congressional committees and leadership’ means— ‘‘(1) the Committees on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and Finance, and the ma-jority and minority leaders, of the Senate; and ‘‘(2) the Committees on Financial Services and Ways and Means, and the Speaker, the majority leader, and the minority leader, of the House of Representatives.’’. 
SEC. 1408. INAPPLICABILITY TO TRADE AGREE-MENTS. 
This title and the amendments made by this title shall not apply to any forum or ne-gotiations related to a trade agreement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.021 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6301 July 17, 2018 
TITLE XV—ALLEVIATING STRESS TEST BURDENS TO HELP INVESTORS 
SEC. 1501. STRESS TEST RELIEF FOR NONBANKS. 
Section 165(i)(2) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (12 U.S.C. 5365(i)(2)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘are regulated by a primary Federal financial regulatory agency’’ and inserting: ‘‘whose primary financial regulatory agency is a Federal banking agency or the Federal Hous-ing Finance Agency’’; (2) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘Each Federal primary financial regulatory agen-cy’’ and inserting ‘‘Each Federal banking agency and the Federal Housing Finance Agency’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) SEC 
AND CFTC .—The Securities and Exchange Commission and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission may each issue regulations requiring financial companies with respect to which they are the primary financial regulatory agency to conduct peri-odic analyses of the financial condition, in-cluding available liquidity, of such compa-nies under adverse economic conditions.’’. TITLE XVI—NATIONAL STRATEGY FOR COMBATING THE FINANCING OF TRANSNATIONAL CRIMINAL ORGANIZA-TIONS 
SEC. 1601. NATIONAL STRATEGY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President, acting through the Secretary of the Treasury, shall, in consultation with the Attorney General, the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Director of National Intelligence, the Secretary of Defense, the Director of the Financial Crimes Enforce-ment Network, the Director of the United States Secret Service, the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the Admin-istrator of the Drug Enforcement Adminis-tration, the Commissioner of Customs and Border Protection, the Director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy, and the Federal functional regulators, develop a na-tional strategy to combat the financial net-works of transnational organized criminals. (b) T
RANSMITTAL TO CONGRESS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to the appropriate Congres-sional committees and make available to the relevant government agencies as defined in subsection (a), a comprehensive national strategy in accordance with subsection (a). (2) U
PDATES .—After the initial submission of the national strategy under paragraph (1), the President shall, not less often than every 2 years, update the national strategy and submit the updated strategy to the appro-priate Congressional committees. (c) S
EPARATE PRESENTATION OF CLASSIFIED  M
ATERIAL .—Any part of the national strat-egy that involves information that is prop-erly classified under criteria established by the President shall be submitted to Congress separately in a classified annex and, if re-quested by the chairman or ranking member of one of the appropriate Congressional com-mittees, as a briefing at an appropriate level of security. 
SEC. 1602. CONTENTS OF NATIONAL STRATEGY. 
The national strategy described in section 1601 shall contain the following: (1) T
HREATS .—An identification and assess-ment of the most significant current transnational organized crime threats posed to the national security of the United States or to the U.S. and international financial system, including drug and human traf-ficking organizations, cyber criminals, kleptocrats, and other relevant state and non-state entities, including those threats identified in the President’s ‘‘Strategy to Combat Transnational Organized Crime’’ (published July 2011). (2) ILLICIT FINANCE .—(A) An identification of individuals, entities, and networks (in-cluding terrorist organizations, if any) that provide financial support or financial facili-tation to transnational organized crime groups, and an assessment of the scope and role of those providing financial support to transnational organized crime groups. (B) An assessment of methods by which transnational organized crime groups laun-der illicit proceeds, including money laun-dering using real estate and other tangible goods such as art and antiquities, trade- based money laundering, bulk cash smug-gling, exploitation of shell companies, and misuse of digital currencies and other cyber technologies, as well as an assessment of the risk to the financial system of the United States of such methods. (3) G
OALS , OBJECTIVES , PRIORITIES , AND AC -
TIONS .—(A) A comprehensive, research-based discussion of short-term and long-term goals, objectives, priorities, and actions, list-ed for each department and agency described under section 1601(a), for combating the fi-nancing of transnational organized crime groups and their facilitators. (B) A description of how the strategy is in-tegrated into, and supports, the national se-curity strategy, drug control strategy, and counterterrorism strategy of the United States. (4) R
EVIEWS AND PROPOSED CHANGES .—A re- view of current efforts to combat the financ-ing or financial facilitation of transnational organized crime, including efforts to detect, deter, disrupt, and prosecute transnational organized crime groups and their supporters, and, if appropriate, proposed changes to any law or regulation determined to be appro-priate to ensure that the United States pur-sues coordinated and effective efforts within the jurisdiction of the United States, includ-ing efforts or actions that are being taken or can be taken by financial institutions, ef-forts in cooperation with international part-ners of the United States, and efforts that build partnerships and global capacity to combat transnational organized crime. 
SEC. 1603. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Financial Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Com-mittee on Armed Services, the Committee on the Judiciary, the Committee on Homeland Security, and the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence of the House of Rep-resentatives; and (B) the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, the Committee on For-eign Relations, the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on the Judiciary, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, and the Select Com-mittee on Intelligence of the Senate. (2) F
EDERAL FUNCTIONAL REGULATOR .—The term ‘‘Federal functional regulator’’ has the meaning given that term in section 509 of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (15 U.S.C. 6809). (3) T
RANSNATIONAL ORGANIZED CRIME .—The term ‘‘transnational organized crime’’ refers to those self-perpetuating associations of in-dividuals who operate transnationally for the purpose of obtaining power, influence, monetary or commercial gains, wholly or in part by illegal means, while— (A) protecting their activities through a pattern of corruption or violence; or (B) while protecting their illegal activities through a transnational organizational structure and the exploitation of transnational commerce or communication mechanisms. TITLE XVII—COMMON SENSE CREDIT UNION CAPITAL RELIEF SEC. 1701. DELAY IN EFFECTIVE DATE. 
Notwithstanding any effective date set forth in the rule issued by the National Cred-it Union Administration titled ‘‘Risk-Based Capital’’ (published at 80 Fed. Reg. 66626 (Oc-tober 29, 2015)), such final rule shall take ef-fect on January 1, 2021. TITLE XVIII—OPTIONS MARKETS STABILITY 
SEC. 1801. RULEMAKING. 
Within 180 days of the date of enactment of this Act, the Board of Governors of the Fed-eral Reserve System, the Federal Deposit In-surance Corporation, and the Comptroller of the Currency shall, jointly, issue a proposed rule, and finalize such rule within 360 days of the date of enactment of this Act, to adopt a methodology for calculating the counterparty credit risk exposure, at de-fault, of a depository institution, depository institution holding company, or affiliate thereof to a client arising from a guarantee provided by the depository institution, de-pository institution holding company, or af-filiate thereof to a central counterparty in respect of the client’s performance under an exchange-listed derivative contract cleared through that central counterparty pursuant to the risk-based and leverage-based capital rules applicable to depository institutions and depository institution holding compa-nies under parts 3, 217, and 324 of title 12, Code of Federal Regulations. In issuing such rule, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Federal Deposit Insur-ance Corporation, and the Comptroller of the Currency shall consider— (1) the availability of liquidity provided by market makers during times of high vola-tility in the capital markets; (2) the spread between the bid and the quote offered by market makers; (3) the preference for clearing through cen-tral counterparties; (4) the safety and soundness of the finan-cial system and financial stability, including the benefits of central clearing; (5) the safety and soundness of individual institutions that may centrally clear ex-change-listed derivatives or options on be-half of a client, including concentration of market share; (6) the economic value of delta weighting a counterparty’s position and netting of a counterparty’s position; (7) the inherent risk of the positions; (8) barriers to entry for depository institu-tions, depository institution holding compa-nies, affiliates thereof, and entities not af-filiated with a depository institution or de-pository institution holding company to cen-trally clear exchange-listed derivatives or options on behalf of market makers; (9) the impact any changes may have on the broader capital regime and aggregate capital in the system; and (10) consideration of other potential fac-tors that impact market making in the ex-change-listed options market, including changes in market structure. 
SEC. 1802. REPORT TO CONGRESS. 
At the end of the 5-year period beginning on the date the final rule is issued under sec-tion 1801, the Board of Governors of the Fed-eral Reserve System shall submit to the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate a report detailing the impact of the final rule during such period on the fac-tors described under paragraphs (1) through (10) of section 1801. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.021 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6302 July 17, 2018 
TITLE XIX—COOPERATE WITH LAW ENFORCEMENT AGENCIES AND WATCH 
SEC. 1901. SAFE HARBOR WITH RESPECT TO KEEP OPEN LETTERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 53 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 5333. Safe harbor with respect to keep open letters ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—With respect to a cus-tomer account or customer transaction of a financial institution, if a Federal, State, Tribal, or local law enforcement agency re-quests, in writing, the financial institution to keep such account or transaction open— ‘‘(1) the financial institution shall not be liable under this subchapter for maintaining such account or transaction consistent with the parameters of the request; and ‘‘(2) no Federal or State department or agency may take any adverse supervisory ac-tion under this subchapter with respect to the financial institution for maintaining such account or transaction consistent with the parameters of the request. ‘‘(b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed— ‘‘(1) from preventing a Federal or State de-partment or agency from verifying the valid-ity of a written request described under sub-section (a) with the Federal, State, Tribal, or local law enforcement agency making the written request; or ‘‘(2) to relieve a financial institution from complying with any reporting requirements, including the reporting of suspicious trans-actions under section 5318(g). ‘‘(c) L
ETTER TERMINATION DATE.—For pur- poses of this section, any written request de-scribed under subsection (a) shall include a termination date after which such request shall no longer apply.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for chapter 53 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 5332 the fol-lowing: ‘‘5333. Safe harbor with respect to keep open letters.’’. TITLE XX—MAIN STREET GROWTH 
SEC. 2001. VENTURE EXCHANGES. 
(a) S ECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934.— Section 6 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78f) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(m) V
ENTURE EXCHANGE .— ‘‘(1) R
EGISTRATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A person may register themself (and a national securities exchange may register a listing tier of such exchange) as a national securities exchange solely for the purposes of trading venture securities by filing an application with the Commission pursuant to subsection (a) and the rules and regulations thereunder. ‘‘(B) P
UBLICATION OF NOTICE .—The Commis-sion shall, upon the filing of an application under subparagraph (A), publish notice of such filing and afford interested persons an opportunity to submit written data, views, and arguments concerning such application. ‘‘(C) A
PPROVAL OR DENIAL .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Within 90 days of the date of publication of a notice under sub-paragraph (B) (or within such longer period as to which the applicant consents), the Commission shall— ‘‘(I) by order grant such registration; or ‘‘(II) institute a denial proceeding under clause (ii) to determine whether registration should be denied. ‘‘(ii) D
ENIAL PROCEEDING .—A proceeding under clause (i)(II) shall include notice of the grounds for denial under consideration and opportunity for hearing and shall be con-cluded within 180 days of the date of the pub-lication of a notice under subparagraph (B). At the conclusion of such proceeding the Commission, by order, shall grant or deny such registration. The Commission may ex-tend the time for conclusion of such pro-ceeding for up to 90 days if the Commission finds good cause for such extension and pub-lishes the Commission’s reasons for so find-ing or for such longer period as to which the applicant consents. ‘‘(iii) CRITERIA FOR APPROVAL OR DENIAL .— The Commission shall grant a registration under this paragraph if the Commission finds that the requirements of this title and the rules and regulations thereunder with re-spect to the applicant are satisfied. The Commission shall deny such registration if it does not make such finding. ‘‘(2) P
OWERS AND RESTRICTIONS .—In addi- tion to the powers and restrictions otherwise applicable to a national securities exchange, a venture exchange— ‘‘(A) may only constitute, maintain, or provide a market place or facilities for bringing together purchasers and sellers of venture securities; ‘‘(B) may not extend unlisted trading privi-leges to any venture security; ‘‘(C) may only, if the venture exchange is a listing tier of another national securities ex-change, allow trading in securities that are registered under section 12(b) on a national securities exchange other than a venture ex-change; and ‘‘(D) may, subject to the rule filing process under section 19(b)— ‘‘(i) determine the increment to be used for quoting and trading venture securities on the exchange; and ‘‘(ii) choose to carry out periodic auctions for the sale of a venture security instead of providing continuous trading of the venture security. ‘‘(3) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN EXEMPTED SE -
CURITIES .—A security that is exempt from registration pursuant to section 3(b) of the Securities Act of 1933 shall be exempt from section 12(a) of this title to the extent such securities are traded on a venture exchange, if the issuer of such security is in compliance with— ‘‘(A) all disclosure obligations of such sec-tion 3(b) and the regulations issued under such section; and ‘‘(B) ongoing disclosure obligations of the applicable venture exchange that are similar to those provided by an issuer under tier 2 of Regulation A (17 C.F.R. 230.251 et seq.). ‘‘(4) V
ENTURE SECURITIES TRADED ON VEN -
TURE EXCHANGES MAY NOT TRADE ON NON -VEN-
TURE EXCHANGES .—A venture security may not be traded on a national securities ex-change that is not a venture exchange during any period in which the venture security is being traded on a venture exchange. ‘‘(5) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection may be construed as requir-ing transactions in venture securities to be effected on a national securities exchange. ‘‘(6) C
OMMISSION AUTHORITY TO LIMIT CER -
TAIN TRADING .—The Commission may limit transactions in venture securities that are not effected on a national securities ex-change as appropriate to promote efficiency, competition, capital formation, and to pro-tect investors. ‘‘(7) D
ISCLOSURES TO INVESTORS .—The Com- mission shall issue regulations to ensure that persons selling or purchasing venture securities on a venture exchange are pro-vided disclosures sufficient to understand— ‘‘(A) the characteristics unique to venture securities; and ‘‘(B) in the case of a venture exchange that is a listing tier of another national securities exchange, that the venture exchange is dis-tinct from the other national securities ex-change. ‘‘(8) DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-section: ‘‘(A) E
ARLY -STAGE , GROWTH COMPANY .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘early-stage, growth company’ means an issuer— ‘‘(I) that has not made any registered ini-tial public offering of any securities of the issuer; and ‘‘(II) with a public float of less than or equal to the value of public float required to qualify as a large accelerated filer under sec-tion 240.12b–2 of title 17, Code of Federal Reg-ulations. ‘‘(ii) T
REATMENT WHEN PUBLIC FLOAT EX -
CEEDS THRESHOLD .—An issuer shall not cease to be an early-stage, growth company by rea-son of the public float of such issuer exceed-ing the threshold specified in clause (i)(II) until the later of the following: ‘‘(I) The end of the period of 24 consecutive months during which the public float of the issuer exceeds $2,000,000,000 (as such amount is indexed for inflation every 5 years by the Commission to reflect the change in the Con-sumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics, setting the threshold to the nearest $1,000,000). ‘‘(II) The end of the 1-year period following the end of the 24-month period described under subclause (I), if the issuer requests such 1-year extension from a venture ex-change and the venture exchange elects to provide such extension. ‘‘(B) P
UBLIC FLOAT .—With respect to an issuer, the term ‘public float’ means the ag-gregate worldwide market value of the vot-ing and non-voting common equity of the issuer held by non-affiliates. ‘‘(C) V
ENTURE SECURITY .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘venture secu-rity’ means— ‘‘(I) securities of an early-stage, growth company that are exempt from registration pursuant to section 3(b) of the Securities Act of 1933; ‘‘(II) securities of an emerging growth com-pany; or ‘‘(III) securities registered under section 12(b) and listed on a venture exchange (or, prior to listing on a venture exchange, listed on a national securities exchange) where— ‘‘(aa) the issuer of such securities has a public float less than or equal to the value of public float required to qualify as a large ac-celerated filer under section 240.12b–2 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations; or ‘‘(bb) the average daily trade volume is 75,000 shares or less during a continuous 60- day period. ‘‘(ii) T
REATMENT WHEN PUBLIC FLOAT EX -
CEEDS THRESHOLD .—Securities shall not cease to be venture securities by reason of the public float of the issuer of such securi-ties exceeding the threshold specified in clause (i)(III)(aa) until the later of the fol-lowing: ‘‘(I) The end of the period of 24 consecutive months beginning on the date— ‘‘(aa) the public float of such issuer exceeds $2,000,000,000; and ‘‘(bb) the average daily trade volume of such securities is 100,000 shares or more dur-ing a continuous 60-day period. ‘‘(II) The end of the 1-year period following the end of the 24-month period described under subclause (I), if the issuer of such se-curities requests such 1-year extension from a venture exchange and the venture ex-change elects to provide such extension.’’. (b) S
ECURITIES ACT OF 1933.—Section 18 of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77r) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (e); and (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.021 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6303 July 17, 2018 
‘‘(d) T REATMENT OF SECURITIES LISTED ON A  V
ENTURE EXCHANGE .—Notwithstanding sub-section (b), a security is not a covered secu-rity pursuant to subsection (b)(1)(A) if the security is only listed, or authorized for list-ing, on a venture exchange (as defined under section 6(m) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934).’’. (c) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of the Congress that the Securities and Ex-change Commission should— (1) when necessary or appropriate in the public interest and consistent with the pro-tection of investors, make use of the Com-mission’s general exemptive authority under section 36 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78mm) with respect to the pro-visions added by this section; and (2) if the Commission determines appro-priate, create an Office of Venture Ex-changes within the Commission’s Division of Trading and Markets. (d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section or the amendments made by this section shall be construed to impair or limit the construction of the antifraud provisions of the securities laws (as defined in section 3(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c(a))) or the authority of the Se-curities and Exchange Commission under those provisions. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE FOR TIERS OF EXISTING  N
ATIONAL SECURITIES EXCHANGES .—In the case of a securities exchange that is reg-istered as a national securities exchange under section 6 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78f) on the date of the enactment of this Act, any election for a listing tier of such exchange to be treated as a venture exchange under subsection (m) of such section shall not take effect before the date that is 180 days after such date of enact-ment. TITLE XXI—BUILDING UP INDEPENDENT LIVES AND DREAMS 
SEC. 2101. MORTGAGE LOAN TRANSACTION DIS-CLOSURE REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) TILA A MENDMENT .—Section 105 of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1604) is amended by inserting after subsection (d) the following: ‘‘(e) D
ISCLOSURE FOR CHARITABLE MORT-
GAGE LOANTRANSACTIONS .—With respect to a mortgage loan transaction involving a resi-dential mortgage loan offered at zero percent interest primarily for charitable purposes by an organization having tax-exempt status under section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986, forms HUD–1 and GFE (as defined under section 1024.2(b) of title 12, Code of Federal Regulations), together with a disclosure substantially in the form of the Loan Model Form H–2 (as defined under Ap-pendix H to section 1026 of title 12, Code of Federal Regulations) shall, collectively, be an appropriate model form for purposes of subsection (b).’’. (b) RESPA A
MENDMENT .—Section 4 of the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974 (12 U.S.C. 2603) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) With respect to a mortgage loan trans-action involving a residential mortgage loan offered at zero percent interest primarily for charitable purposes, an organization having tax-exempt status under section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 may use forms HUD–1 and GFE (as defined under sec-tion 1024.2(b) of title 12, Code of Federal Reg-ulations) together with a disclosure substan-tially in the form of the Loan Model Form H–2 (as defined under Appendix H to section 1026 of title 12, Code of Federal Regulations), collectively, in lieu of the disclosure pub-lished under subsection (a).’’. (c) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Bureau of Consumer Fi-nancial Protection shall issue such regula-tions as may be necessary to implement the amendments made by subsections (a) and (b). (d) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsections (a) and (b) shall take ef-fect on the date of the enactment of this Act. TITLE XXII—MODERNIZING DISCLOSURES FOR INVESTORS 
SEC. 2201. FORM 10–Q ANALYSIS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Securities and Ex-change Commission shall conduct an anal-ysis of the costs and benefits of requiring re-porting companies to use Form 10–Q for sub-mitting quarterly financial reports. Such analysis shall consider— (1) the costs and benefits of Form 10–Q to emerging growth companies; (2) the costs and benefits of Form 10–Q to the Commission in terms of its ability to protect investors, maintain fair, orderly, and efficient markets, and facilitate capital for-mation; (3) the costs and benefits of Form 10–Q to other reporting companies, investors, mar-ket researchers, and other market partici-pants, including the costs and benefits asso-ciated with— (A) the public availability of the informa-tion required to be filed on Form 10–Q; (B) the use of a standardized reporting for-mat across all classes of reporting compa-nies; and (C) the quarterly disclosure by some com-panies of financial information in formats other than Form 10–Q, such as a quarterly earnings press release; (4) the costs and benefits of alternative for-mats for quarterly reporting for emerging growth companies to emerging growth com-panies, the Commission, other reporting companies, investors, market researchers, and other market participants; and (5) the expected impact of the use of alter-native formats of quarterly reporting by emerging growth companies on overall mar-ket transparency and efficiency. (b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall issue a report to Con-gress that includes— (1) the results of the analysis required by subsection (a); and (2) recommendations for decreasing costs, increasing transparency, and increasing effi-ciency of quarterly financial reporting by emerging growth companies. TITLE XXIII—FIGHT ILLICIT NETWORKS AND DETECT TRAFFICKING 
SEC. 2301. FINDINGS. 
The Congress finds the following: (1) According to the Drug Enforcement Ad-ministration (DEA) 2017 National Drug Threat Assessment, transnational criminal organizations are increasingly using virtual currencies. (2) The Treasury Department has recog-nized that: ‘‘The development of virtual cur-rencies is an attempt to meet a legitimate market demand. According to a Federal Re-serve Bank of Chicago economist, United States consumers want payment options that are versatile and that provide imme-diate finality. No United States payment method meets that description, although cash may come closest. Virtual currencies can mimic cash’s immediate finality and an-onymity and are more versatile than cash for online and cross-border transactions, making virtual currencies vulnerable for il-licit transactions.’’. (3) Virtual currencies have become a prominent method to pay for goods and serv-ices associated with illegal sex trafficking and drug trafficking, which are two of the most detrimental and troubling illegal ac-tivities facilitated by online marketplaces. (4) Online marketplaces, including the dark web, have become a prominent platform to buy, sell, and advertise for illicit goods and services associated with sex trafficking and drug trafficking. (5) According to the International Labour Organization, in 2016, 4.8 million people in the world were victims of forced sexual ex-ploitation, and in 2014, the global profit from commercial sexual exploitation was $99 bil-lion. (6) In 2016, within the United States, the Center for Disease Control estimated that there were 64,000 deaths related to drug over-dose, and the most severe increase in drug overdoses were those associated with fentanyl and fentanyl analogs (synthetic opioids), which amounted to over 20,000 over-dose deaths. (7) According to the United States Depart-ment of the Treasury 2015 National Money Laundering Risk Assessment, an estimated $64 billion is generated annually from United States drug trafficking sales. (8) Illegal fentanyl in the United States originates primarily from China, and it is readily available to purchase through online marketplaces. SEC. 2302. GAO STUDY. 
(a) S TUDY REQUIRED .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study on how virtual currencies and online marketplaces are used to facilitate sex and drug trafficking. The study shall consider— (1) how online marketplaces, including the dark web, are being used as platforms to buy, sell, or facilitate the financing of goods or services associated with sex trafficking or drug trafficking (specifically, opioids and synthetic opioids, including fentanyl, fentanyl analogs, and any precursor chemi-cals associated with manufacturing fentanyl or fentanyl analogs) destined for, originating from, or within the United States; (2) how financial payment methods, includ-ing virtual currencies and peer-to-peer mo-bile payment services, are being utilized by online marketplaces to facilitate the buying, selling, or financing of goods and services as-sociated with sex or drug trafficking des-tined for, originating from, or within the United States; (3) how virtual currencies are being used to facilitate the buying, selling, or financing of goods and services associated with sex or drug trafficking, destined for, originating from, or within the United States, when an online platform is not otherwise involved; (4) how illicit funds that have been trans-mitted online and through virtual currencies are repatriated into the formal banking sys-tem of the United States through money laundering or other means; (5) the participants (state and non-state actors) throughout the entire supply chain that participate in or benefit from the buy-ing, selling, or financing of goods and serv-ices associated with sex or drug trafficking (either through online marketplaces or vir-tual currencies) destined for, originating from, or within the United States; (6) Federal and State agency efforts to im-pede the buying, selling, or financing of goods and services associated with sex or drug trafficking destined for, originating from, or within the United States, including efforts to prevent the proceeds from sex or drug trafficking from entering the United States banking system; (7) how virtual currencies and their under-lying technologies can be used to detect and deter these illicit activities; and (8) to what extent can the immutable and traceable nature of virtual currencies con-tribute to the tracking and prosecution of il-licit funding. (b) S
COPE.—For the purposes of the study required under subsection (a), the term ‘‘sex 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.021 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6304 July 17, 2018 
trafficking’’ means the recruitment, har-boring, transportation, provision, obtaining, patronizing, or soliciting of a person for the purpose of a commercial sex act that is in-duced by force, fraud, or coercion, or in which the person induced to perform such act has not attained 18 years of age. (c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives a report summa-rizing the results of the study required under subsection (a), together with any rec-ommendations for legislative or regulatory action that would improve the efforts of Fed-eral agencies to impede the use of virtual currencies and online marketplaces in facili-tating sex and drug trafficking. TITLE XXIV—IMPROVING INVESTMENT RESEARCH FOR SMALL AND EMERGING ISSUERS 
SEC. 2401. RESEARCH STUDY. 
(a) S TUDY REQUIRED .—The Securities and Exchange Commission shall conduct a study to evaluate the issues affecting the provision of and reliance upon investment research into small issuers, including emerging growth companies and companies consid-ering initial public offerings. (b) C
ONTENTS OF STUDY .—The study re-quired under subsection (a) shall consider— (1) factors related to the demand for such research by institutional and retail inves-tors; (2) the availability of such research, in-cluding— (A) the number and types of firms who pro-vide such research; (B) the volume of such research over time; and (C) competition in the research market; (3) conflicts of interest relating to the pro-duction and distribution of investment re-search; (4) the costs of such research; (5) the impacts of different payment mech-anisms for investment research into small issuers, including whether such research is paid for by— (A) hard-dollar payments from research clients; (B) payments directed from the client’s commission income (i.e., ‘‘soft dollars’’); or (C) payments from the issuer that is the subject of such research; (6) any unique challenges faced by minor-ity-owned, women-owned, and veteran-owned small issuers in obtaining research coverage; and (7) the impact on the availability of re-search coverage for small issuers due to— (A) investment adviser concentration and consolidation, including any potential im-pacts of fund-size on demand for investment research of small issuers; (B) broker and dealer concentration and consolidation, including any relationships between the size of the firm and allocation of resources for investment research into small issuers; (C) Securities and Exchange Commission rules; (D) registered national securities associa-tion rules; (E) State and Federal liability concerns; (F) the settlement agreements referenced in Securities and Exchange Commission Liti-gation Release No. 18438 (i.e., the ‘‘Global Research Analyst Settlement’’); and (G) Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments and amending Directive 2002/92/EC and Directive 2011/61/EU, as implemented by the European Union (‘‘EU’’) member states (‘‘MiFID II’’). (c) REPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Securities and Exchange Commis-sion shall submit to Congress a report that includes— (1) the results of the study required by sub-section (a); and (2) recommendations to increase the de-mand for, volume of, and quality of invest-ment research into small issuers, including emerging growth companies and companies considering initial public offerings. TITLE XXV—DEVELOPING AND EMPOWERING OUR ASPIRING LEADERS 
SEC. 2501. DEFINITIONS. 
Not later than the end of the 180-day period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Securities and Exchange Com-mission shall— (1) revise the definition of a qualifying in-vestment under paragraph (c) of section 275.203(l)–1 of title 17, Code of Federal Regu-lations, to include an equity security issued by a qualifying portfolio company, whether acquired directly from the company or in a secondary acquisition; and (2) revise paragraph (a) of such section to require, as a condition of a private fund qualifying as a venture capital fund under such paragraph, that the qualifying invest-ments of the private fund are predominantly qualifying investments that were acquired directly from a qualifying portfolio com-pany. TITLE XXVI—EXPANDING INVESTMENT IN SMALL BUSINESSES 
SEC. 2601. SEC STUDY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Securities and Ex-change Commission shall carry out a study of the 10 per centum threshold limitation ap-plicable to the definition of a diversified company under section 5(b)(1) of the Invest-ment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a– 5(b)(1)) and determine whether such thresh-old limits capital formation. (b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In carrying out the study required under subsection (a), the Commission shall consider the following: (1) The size and number of diversified com-panies that are currently restricted in their ability to own more than 10 percent of the voting shares in an individual company. (2) If investing preferences of diversified companies have shifted away from compa-nies with smaller market capitalizations. (3) The expected increase in the avail-ability of capital to small and emerging growth companies if the threshold is in-creased. (4) The ability of registered funds to man-age liquidity risk. (5) Any other consideration that the Com-mission considers necessary and appropriate for the protection of investors. (c) S
OLICITATION OF PUBLIC COMMENTS .—In carrying out the study required under sub-section (a), the Commission may solicit pub-lic comments. (d) R
EPORT .—Not later than the end of the 180-day period beginning on the date of en-actment of this Act, the Commission shall issue a report to the Congress, and make such report publicly available on the website of the Commission, containing— (1) all findings and determinations made in carrying out the study required under sub-section (a); and (2) any legislative recommendations of the Commission, including any recommendation to update the 10 per centum threshold. TITLE XXVII—PROMOTING TRANSPARENT STANDARDS FOR CORPORATE INSIDERS 
SEC. 2701. SEC STUDY. 
(a) S TUDY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Securities and Ex-change Commission shall carry out a study of whether Rule 10b5–1 (17 C.F.R. 240.10b5–1) should be amended to— (A) limit the ability of issuers and issuer insiders to adopt a plan described under paragraph (c)(1)(i)(A)(3) of Rule 10b5–1 (‘‘trading plan’’) when the issuer or issuer in-sider is permitted to buy or sell securities during issuer-adopted trading windows; (B) limit the ability of issuers and issuer insiders to adopt multiple, overlapping trad-ing plans; (C) establish a mandatory delay between the adoption of a trading plan and the execu-tion of the first trade pursuant to such a plan and, if so and depending on the Commis-sion’s findings with respect to subparagraph (A)— (i) whether any such delay should be the same for trading plans adopted during an issuer-adopted trading window as opposed to outside of such a window; and (ii) whether any exceptions to such a delay are appropriate; (D) limit the frequency that issuers and issuer insiders may modify or cancel trading plans; (E) require issuers and issuer insiders to file with the Commission trading plan adop-tions, amendments, terminations and trans-actions; or (F) require boards of issuers that have adopted a trading plan to— (i) adopt policies covering trading plan practices; (ii) periodically monitor trading plan transactions; and (iii) ensure that issuer policies discuss trading plan use in the context of guidelines or requirements on equity hedging, holding, and ownership. (2) ADDITIONAL CONSIDERATIONS .—In car- rying out the study required under para-graph (1), the Commission shall consider— (A) how any such amendments may clarify and enhance existing prohibitions against in-sider trading; (B) the impact any such amendments may have on the ability of issuers to attract per-sons to become an issuer insider; (C) the impact any such amendments may have on capital formation; (D) the impact any such amendments may have on an issuer’s willingness to operate as a public company; and (E) any other consideration that the Com-mission considers necessary and appropriate for the protection of investors. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than the end of the 1-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commission shall issue a report to the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate containing all findings and determinations made in car-rying out the study required under section (a). (c) R
ULEMAKING .—After the completion of the study required under subsection (a), the Commission shall, subject to public notice and comment, revise Rule 10b5–1 consistent with the results of such study. TITLE XXVIII—INVESTMENT ADVISER REGULATORY FLEXIBILITY IMPROVE-MENT 
SEC. 2801. DEFINITION OF SMALL BUSINESS OF SMALL ORGANIZATION. 
Not later than end the of the 1-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Securities and Exchange Com-mission shall revise the definitions of a ‘‘small business’’ and ‘‘small organization’’ under section 275.0–7 of title 17, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, to provide alternative methods under which a business or organiza-tion may qualify as a ‘‘small business’’ or ‘‘small organization’’ under such section. In 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.021 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6305 July 17, 2018 
making such revision, the Commission shall consider whether such alternative methods should include a threshold based on the num-ber of non-clerical employees of the business or organization. TITLE XXIX—ENHANCING MULTI-CLASS SHARE DISCLOSURES 
SEC. 2901. DISCLOSURE RELATING TO MULTI- CLASS SHARE STRUCTURES. 
Section 14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78n) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(k) D
ISCLOSURE FOR ISSUERS WITHMULTI- 
CLASS SHARE STRUCTURES .— ‘‘(1) D
ISCLOSURE .—The Commission shall, by rule, require each issuer with a multi- class share structure to disclose the informa-tion described in paragraph (2) in any proxy or consent solicitation material for an an-nual meeting of the shareholders of the issuer, or any other filing as the Commission determines appropriate. ‘‘(2) C
ONTENT .—A disclosure made under paragraph (1) shall include, with respect to each person who is a director, director nomi-nee, or named executive officer of the issuer, or who is the beneficial owner of securities with 5 percent or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of securities enti-tled to vote in the election of directors— ‘‘(A) the number of shares of all classes of securities entitled to vote in the election of directors beneficially owned by such person, expressed as a percentage of the total num-ber of the outstanding securities of the issuer entitled to vote in the election of di-rectors; and ‘‘(B) the amount of voting power held by such person, expressed as a percentage of the total combined voting power of all classes of the securities of the issuer entitled to vote in the election of directors. ‘‘(3) M
ULTI-CLASS SHARE STRUCTURE .—In this subsection, the term ‘multi-class share structure’ means a capitalization structure that contains 2 or more classes of securities that have differing amounts of voting rights in the election of directors.’’. TITLE XXX—NATIONAL SENIOR INVESTOR INITIATIVE 
SEC. 3001. SENIOR INVESTOR TASKFORCE. 
Section 4 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78d) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(k) S
ENIOR INVESTOR TASKFORCE .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established within the Commission the Senior Investor Taskforce (in this subsection referred to as the ‘Taskforce’). ‘‘(2) D
IRECTOR OF THE TASKFORCE .—The head of the Taskforce shall be the Director, who shall— ‘‘(A) report directly to the Chairman; and ‘‘(B) be appointed by the Chairman, in con-sultation with the Commission, from among individuals— ‘‘(i) currently employed by the Commis-sion or from outside of the Commission; and ‘‘(ii) having experience in advocating for the interests of senior investors. ‘‘(3) S
TAFFING .—The Chairman shall ensure that— ‘‘(A) the Taskforce is staffed sufficiently to carry out fully the requirements of this sub-section; and ‘‘(B) such staff shall include individuals from the Division of Enforcement, Office of Compliance Inspections and Examinations, and Office of Investor Education and Advo-cacy. ‘‘(4) M
INIMIZING DUPLICATION OF EFFORTS .— In organizing and staffing the Taskforce, the Chairman shall take such actions as may be necessary to minimize the duplication of ef-forts within the divisions and offices de-scribed under paragraph (3)(B) and any other divisions, offices, or taskforces of the Com-mission. ‘‘(5) FUNCTIONS OF THE TASKFORCE .—The Taskforce shall— ‘‘(A) identify challenges that senior inves-tors encounter, including problems associ-ated with financial exploitation and cog-nitive decline; ‘‘(B) identify areas in which senior inves-tors would benefit from changes in the regu-lations of the Commission or the rules of self-regulatory organizations; ‘‘(C) coordinate, as appropriate, with other offices within the Commission, other taskforces that may be established within the Commission, self-regulatory organiza-tions, and the Elder Justice Coordinating Council; and ‘‘(D) consult, as appropriate, with State se-curities and law enforcement authorities, State insurance regulators, and other Fed-eral agencies. ‘‘(6) R
EPORT .—The Taskforce, in coordina-tion, as appropriate, with the Office of the Investor Advocate and self-regulatory orga-nizations, and in consultation, as appro-priate, with State securities and law enforce-ment authorities, State insurance regu-lators, and Federal agencies, shall issue a re-port every 2 years to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives, the first of which shall not be issued until after the report described in section 3002 of the JOBS and Investor Confidence Act of 2018 has been issued and considered by the Taskforce, containing— ‘‘(A) appropriate statistical information and full and substantive analysis; ‘‘(B) a summary of recent trends and inno-vations that have impacted the investment landscape for senior investors; ‘‘(C) a summary of regulatory initiatives that have concentrated on senior investors and industry practices related to senior in-vestors; ‘‘(D) key observations, best practices, and areas needing improvement, involving senior investors identified during examinations, en-forcement actions, and investor education outreach; ‘‘(E) a summary of the most serious issues encountered by senior investors, including issues involving financial products and serv-ices; ‘‘(F) an analysis with regard to existing policies and procedures of brokers, dealers, investment advisers, and other market par-ticipants related to senior investors and sen-ior investor-related topics and whether these policies and procedures need to be further de-veloped or refined; ‘‘(G) recommendations for such changes to the regulations, guidance, and orders of the Commission and self-regulatory organiza-tions and such legislative actions as may be appropriate to resolve problems encountered by senior investors; and ‘‘(H) any other information, as determined appropriate by the Director of the Taskforce. ‘‘(7) S
UNSET .—The Taskforce shall termi-nate after the end of the 10-year period be-ginning on the date of the enactment of this subsection, but may be reestablished by the Chairman. ‘‘(8) S
ENIOR INVESTOR DEFINED .—For pur- poses of this subsection, the term ‘senior in-vestor’ means an investor over the age of 65.’’. 
SEC. 3002. GAO STUDY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress and the Senior In-vestor Taskforce the results of a study on the economic costs of the financial exploi-tation of senior citizens. (b) CONTENTS .—The study required under subsection (a) shall include information with respect to— (1) costs— (A) associated with losses by victims that were incurred as a result of the financial ex-ploitation of senior citizens; (B) incurred by State and Federal agencies, law enforcement and investigatory agencies, public benefit programs, public health pro-grams, and other public programs as a result of the financial exploitation of senior citi-zens; and (C) incurred by the private sector as a re-sult of the financial exploitation of senior citizens; and (2) any other relevant costs that— (A) result from the financial exploitation of senior citizens; and (B) the Comptroller General determines are necessary and appropriate to include in order to provide Congress and the public with a full and accurate understanding of the economic costs resulting from the financial exploitation of senior citizens in the United States. (c) S
ENIOR CITIZEN DEFINED .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘senior citizen’’ means an individual over the age of 65. TITLE XXXI—MIDDLE MARKET IPO UNDERWRITING COST 
SEC. 3101. STUDY ON IPO FEES. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Securities and Exchange Commission, in consultation with the Finan-cial Industry Regulatory Authority, shall carry out a study of the costs associated with small- and medium-sized companies to undertake initial public offerings (‘‘IPOs’’). In carrying out such study, the Commission shall— (1) consider the direct and indirect costs of an IPO, including— (A) fees, such as gross spreads paid to un-derwriters, IPO advisors, and other profes-sionals; (B) compliance with Federal and State se-curities laws at the time of the IPO; and (C) such other IPO-related costs as the Commission determines appropriate; (2) compare and analyze the costs of an IPO with the costs of obtaining alternative sources of financing and of liquidity; (3) consider the impact of such costs on capital formation; (4) analyze the impact of these costs on the availability of public securities of small- and medium-sized companies to retail investors; and (5) analyze trends in IPOs over a time pe-riod the Commission determines is appro-priate to analyze IPO pricing practices, con-sidering— (A) the number of IPOs; (B) how costs for IPOs have evolved over time, including fees paid to underwriters, in-vestment advisory firms, and other profes-sions for services in connection with an IPO; (C) the number of brokers and dealers ac-tive in underwriting IPOs; (D) the different types of services that un-derwriters and related persons provide before and after a small- or medium-sized company IPO and the factors impacting underwriting costs; (E) changes in the costs and availability of investment research for small- and medium- sized companies; and (F) any other consideration the Commis-sion considers necessary and appropriate. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than the end of the 360-day period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commission shall issue a report to the Congress containing all findings and determinations made in car-rying out the study required under sub-section (a) and any administrative or legisla-tive recommendations the Commission may have. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.021 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6306 July 17, 2018 
TITLE XXXII—CROWDFUNDING AMENDMENTS 
SEC. 3201. CROWDFUNDING VEHICLES. 
(a) A MENDMENTS TO THE SECURITIES ACT OF  1933.—The Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77a et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 2(a) (15 U.S.C. 77b(a)), by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(20) The term ‘crowdfunding vehicle’ has the meaning given the term in section 3(c)(15)(B) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–3(c)(15)(B)).’’; (2) in section 4(a)(6) (15 U.S.C. 77d(a)(6))— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by inserting ‘‘, other than a crowdfunding vehicle,’’ after ‘‘sold to all in-vestors’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘other than a crowdfunding vehicle,’’ after ‘‘the issuer,’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by inserting ‘‘, other than a crowdfunding vehicle,’’ after ‘‘any inves-tor’’; and (3) in section 4A(f) (15 U.S.C. 77d–1(f))— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Section 4(6)’’ and inserting ‘‘Section 4(a)(6)’’; and (B) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘by any of paragraphs (1) through (14) of’’ before ‘‘section 3(c)’’. (b) A
MENDMENTS TO THE INVESTMENT COM-
PANY ACT OF 1940.—Section 3(c) of the Invest-ment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–3(c)) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(15)(A) Any crowdfunding vehicle. ‘‘(B) For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘crowdfunding vehicle’ means a com-pany— ‘‘(i) the purpose of which (as set forth in the organizational documents of the com-pany) is limited to acquiring, holding, and disposing of securities issued by a single company in 1 or more transactions made under section 4(a)(6) of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77d(a)(6)); ‘‘(ii) that issues only 1 class of securities; ‘‘(iii) that receives no compensation in connection with the acquisition, holding, or disposition of securities described in clause (i); ‘‘(iv) no investment adviser or associated person of which receives any compensation on the basis of a share of capital gains upon, or capital appreciation of, any portion of the funds of an investor of the company; ‘‘(v) the securities of which have been issued in a transaction made under section 4(a)(6) of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77d(a)(6)), where both the crowdfunding vehi-cle and the company whose securities the crowdfunding vehicle holds are co-issuers; ‘‘(vi) that is current with respect to ongo-ing reporting requirements under section 227.202 of title 17, Code of Federal Regula-tions, or any successor regulation; ‘‘(vii) that holds securities of a company that is subject to ongoing reporting require-ments under section 227.202 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor reg-ulation; and ‘‘(viii) that is advised by an investment ad-viser that is— ‘‘(I) registered under the Investment Advis-ers Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b–1 et seq.); and ‘‘(II) required to— ‘‘(aa) disclose to the investors of the com-pany any fees charged by the investment ad-viser; and ‘‘(bb) obtain approval from a majority of the investors of the company with respect to any increase in the fees described in item (aa).’’. (c) A
MENDMENTS TO THE INVESTMENT ADVIS-
ERSACT OF 1940.—The Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b–1 et seq.) is amend-ed— (1) in section 202(a) (15 U.S.C. 80b–2(a))— (A) by redesignating the second paragraph (29) as paragraph (31); and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(32) The term ‘crowdfunding vehicle’ has the meaning given the term in section 3(c)(15)(B) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–3(c)(15)(B)). ‘‘(33)(A) The term ‘crowdfunding vehicle adviser’ means an investment adviser that acts as an investment adviser solely with re-spect to crowdfunding vehicles. ‘‘(B) A determination, for the purposes of subparagraph (A), regarding whether an in-vestment adviser acts as an investment ad-viser solely with respect to crowdfunding ve-hicles shall not include any consideration of the activity of any affiliate of the invest-ment adviser.’’; (2) in section 203 (15 U.S.C. 80b–3), by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(o) CROWDFUNDING VEHICLE ADVISERS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A crowdfunding vehicle adviser shall be required to register under this section. ‘‘(2) T
AILORED REQUIREMENTS .—As nec- essary or appropriate in the public interest and for the protection of investors, and to promote efficiency, competition, and capital formation, the Commission may tailor the requirements under section 275.206(4)–2 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, with respect to the application of those require-ments to a crowdfunding vehicle adviser.’’; and (3) in section 203A(a) (15 U.S.C. 80b–3a(a))— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) is a crowdfunding vehicle adviser.’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘a crowdfunding vehicle adviser,’’ after ‘‘unless the investment adviser is’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B)(ii), in the matter preceding subclause (I), by inserting ‘‘except with respect to a crowdfunding vehicle ad-viser,’’ before ‘‘has assets’’. 
SEC. 3202. CROWDFUNDING EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION. 
Section 12(g)(6) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78l(g)(6)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Commission’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission’’; (2) in subparagraph (A), as so designated, by striking ‘‘section 4(6)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 4(a)(6)’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) T
REATMENT OF SECURITIES ISSUED BY  
CERTAIN ISSUERS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—An exemption under sub-paragraph (A) shall be unconditional for se-curities offered by an issuer that had a pub-lic float of less than $75,000,000, as of the last business day of the most recently completed semiannual period of the issuer, which shall be calculated in accordance with clause (ii). ‘‘(ii) C
ALCULATION .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—A public float described in clause (i) shall be calculated by multi-plying the aggregate worldwide number of shares of the common equity securities of an issuer that are held by non-affiliates by the price at which those securities were last sold (or the average bid and asked prices of those securities) in the principal market for those securities. ‘‘(II) C
ALCULATION OF ZERO .—If a public float calculation under subclause (I) with re-spect to an issuer is zero, an exemption under subparagraph (A) shall be uncondi-tional for securities offered by the issuer if the issuer had annual revenues of less than $50,000,000, as of the most recently completed fiscal year of the issuer.’’. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
ENSARLING ) and the gen-tlewoman from California (Ms. M
AXINE  W
ATERS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, two things that are vital to the American economy: num-ber one, 3 percent economic growth, and number two, competing with China. Three percent economic growth, Mr. Speaker, is so important because, when you look at the history of America, if you look at jobs that are created, if you look at increasing incomes, if you look at decreasing unemployment, this happens in our 3 percent-plus growth years, and that is why it is so great that America is once again seeing 3 percent-plus economic growth. But, Mr. Speaker, can we keep it? There are some alarming trends that we have to arrest, and that is that, un-fortunately, entrepreneurship, that is, launching new businesses, recently hit a generational low. Companies that are going public—and 90 percent of the jobs that a company creates happen after they go public, IPOs, initial public of-ferings—they have been in a decline, a 20-year decline, and they have reached a new low. If we look at what China is trying to do with their 2025 program, Mr. Speak-er, and dominate the world in high tech and then we turn around and we see that China has over a third of the world’s IPOs, America—our decline is now down to 11 percent—has got to change. So thus, today, we are taking up the JOBS and Investor Confidence Act, also known as the JOBS Act 3.0. What we are trying to do, Mr. Speak-er, number one, we are doing it on a bi-partisan basis, but we are trying to en-sure that our entrepreneurs at least don’t face the challenge of having the capital they need to launch their com-panies, because, Mr. Speaker, when we have more small businesses that are launching new enterprises and going public and staying public, these are the Amazons and the Googles and the Microsofts of the future. So, again, Members on both sides of the aisle have come together because, historically, capital formation has been a bipartisan issue here. We have come together, Democrat and Repub-lican, to make sure that these small 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.021 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6307 July 17, 2018 
businesses get this start. And we try to treat the whole capital formation eco-system, from venture capital with the HALOS Act and helping accredited in-vestors be able to bring their capital to the table, to early growth companies and how they have to handle the very expensive 404(b) Sarbanes-Oxley provi-sion, to the stages of companies going public, but once they go public, Mr. Speaker, the ability to stay public, and so we have a venture exchange bill to make sure that they can concentrate their liquidity in one area. So this is important. It is important to keep 3 percent economic growth. It is important that America’s garages have fewer old cars, more new startups. I want to thank Members on both sides of the aisle, but I especially want to thank the ranking member, the gen-tlewoman from California, working so strongly and fervently and on a good, bipartisan, cooperative basis to produce the JOBS and Investor Con-fidence Act. Mr. Speaker, I expect that we can have a strong bipartisan vote on the floor, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill is an example of true bipartisanship. I want to thank Chairman H
ENSARLING , the members of the Financial Services Committee, and the staff on both sides of the aisle for their work on this legislative package. S. 488, the JOBS and Investor Con-fidence Act of 2018, is evidence that Democrats and Republicans can come together to strengthen our Nation’s small businesses and entrepreneurs, bolster investor confidence, protect consumers, promote financial stability, and counter human and drug traf-ficking. S. 488 helps small businesses grow by encouraging capital formation and re-quires the Securities and Exchange Commission to consider unique issues facing rural small businesses and small investment advisers. When entre-preneurs are looking to retire, S. 488 allows them to easily sell their busi-nesses. The bill also requires several rulemakings and studies to encourage small businesses to go public, including by protecting them from excessive un-derwriting fees. Main Street investors and consumers also benefit from S. 488. One provision, which I authored, cracks down on cor-porate insiders engaged in illegal in-sider trading. Democrats also led provisions to en-hance disclosures about outsized in-sider voting power. The bill also creates a task force at the SEC to protect seniors and their fi-nancial best interests. Additionally, the bill helps non-profits, like Habitat for Humanity, continue to extend affordable mort-gages to low-income families aspiring to the dream of homeownership. Thanks to Mr. ELLISON , the legisla-tion enables millions of Americans with thin credit files to improve and build their credit by allowing alter-native types of data, like the on-time payment of rent and utilities, to be in-cluded in their credit reports without preempting State law. S. 488 also improves financial sta-bility. The bill directs regulators to improve the calculation for bank cap-ital held to offset risk in the options and derivatives markets so that riskier products are covered by more capital. Finally, S. 488 strengthens our gov-ernment’s efforts to stop drug and human trafficking by preventing crimi-nals who engage in these unconscion-able acts from accessing the financial system. There are several provisions that we did not reach bipartisan agreement on in time, including reforms to private offerings under regulation D that re-quires issuers to file disclosures before their first sell and after the termi-nation of the offering. I am pleased that the chairman has offered to con-tinue working on this and other issues with me, and I hope that the Senate has its own chance to make these and other changes. Throughout my work on this legisla-tion, I insisted that nothing could be included that would weaken Dodd- Frank’s financial reforms, harm con-sumers, or provide giveaways to Wall Street. Instead, building on the bipar-tisan work of the Financial Services Committee, S. 488 includes measures that will help small businesses grow and protect hardworking Americans who entrust their savings to the cap-ital markets. Mr. Speaker, I again thank my col-leagues for their strong bipartisan sup-port on this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ), the chair-man of the Capital Markets, Securi-ties, and Investments Subcommittee, the real leader of this capital forma-tion package on the Republican side of the aisle, and also the sponsor of two provisions of the bill: H.R. 477, the Small Business Mergers, Acquisitions, Sales, and Brokerage Simplification Act, and H.R. 6139, the Improving In-vestment Research for Small and Emerging Issuers Act. b1530 Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for the oppor-tunity to lead this effort. Mr. Speaker, the United States has the strongest, deepest, and most liquid markets in the world, which has helped hardworking Americans save for every-thing from college, to home ownership, to retirement. However, over time, our capital mar-kets have become, frankly, less stable, less efficient, and less liquid due to the one-size-fits-all securities regulations currently in place. In fact, small and midsized companies, which are the heartbeat of the American economy, are struggling the most because of this outdated regulatory structure. They have the most difficult time obtaining the necessary capital and financial re-sources needed in order to expand and create jobs because they are drowning in regulation and increased compliance costs. Although the bipartisan Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act, JOBS Act, back from a few years ago was an im-portant first step in helping appro-priately tailor regulation and promote capital formation, particularly for the small and emerging growth companies, it is clear that Congress needs to do more. Today’s bill, the JOBS and Investor Confidence Act, is a compilation of 32 bipartisan bills that will promote cap-ital formation and ensure that our reg-ulatory structure is appropriately tai-lored to allow the free flow of capital, strengthen job creation, and increase economic growth. Mr. Speaker, our economy is finally starting to fire on all cylinders. With this reform-minded legislation, we can further unleash American innovation, economic growth, and job creation while providing greater investment op-portunities for Mr. and Mrs. 401(k). Today, we can deliver some very com-monsense regulatory relief, while also providing an important layer of inves-tor protections, and make our capital markets even more efficient. By voting in support of this impor-tant progrowth jobs package, we can open the door to innovation, enhance small-business job creation, and in-crease opportunity for hardworking Americans in west Michigan and across the Nation. Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to support S. 488, the JOBS and Inves-tor Confidence Act, and, again, I say thank you to the chairman, the rank-ing member, and my subcommittee chair as well for their work. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY ), the ranking member of our Capital Markets, Secu-rities, and Investment Subcommittee of the Financial Services Committee, and the leading sponsor and Demo-cratic cosponsor of several of the bills in this package. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentle-woman for yielding and for her leader-ship. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the JOBS and Investor Confidence Act, which will help in capital formation and help our economy grow. I want to thank Chairman H
ENSARLING and Ranking Member W
ATERS for all their hard work on this bipartisan package, which reflects a great deal of work by all of us on the Financial Services Committee. In this package are 22 bills that came through the Capital Markets, Securi-ties, and Investment Subcommittee on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.060 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6308 July 17, 2018 
which I serve with Chairman H UIZENGA  as ranking member, and I thank him for his leadership in pushing this through. This package includes one of my bills, the Family Office Technical Cor-rection Act, which is a narrowly tai-lored solution that will allow family offices to better serve their clients. The bill would clarify that all family clients of a family office are sophisti-cated, accredited investors. This fixes a problem where, if just one family cli-ent of a family office isn’t an accred-ited investor, then the entire family of-fice can’t buy any securities that are limited to accredited investors, like privately issued stocks or bonds. The package also includes several other bills that I strongly support, such as Mr. H
IMES’ Middle Market IPO Underwriting Cost Act. This bill will require the SEC to study the costs as-sociated with going public, and not just the regulatory costs that have been studied many times, but the much higher costs that are paid to the under-writers and other professionals when a company decides to go public. Ranking Member W
ATERS also has a bill in this package that would require the SEC to study and fix a glaring loophole in our insider trading laws, where company executives can take ad-vantage of a safe harbor to buy and sell stock in their own company based on material, nonpublic information. Finally, the package includes a bill that would provide a badly needed up-date to the definition of a sophisticated accredited investor, which would allow people who can demonstrate that they are sophisticated in investment mat-ters to qualify as an accredited inves-tor. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues to support this bipartisan package. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ), who is the chair-man of the House Small Business Com-mittee and who has sponsored a very important provision in the package, H.R. 79, the Helping Angels Lead Our Startups Act. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and, Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the JOBS and Investor Confidence Act of 2018. Despite an improving economy, small businesses, entrepreneurs, and startups still face numerous challenges. One of the chief challenges that they face is access to capital, getting money. As chairman of the House Small Business Committee, I am pleased to say that we have worked together in a bipartisan manner to pass one piece of legislation that is contained in this, and we support the whole bill, but this one is the HALOS Act, or Helping An-gels Lead Our Startups Act. The HALOS Act would improve how investors and small businesses get to-gether at events, called demo days, where the people who have the money and people who need the money can ac-tually get together and streamline some of the problems that they now face. From my State of Ohio, to Cali-fornia, to New York State, all over the country, small businesses are the job creators. Seventy percent of the new jobs in America are created by small businesses. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chair-man HENSARLING for working with the Small Business Committee and includ-ing the HALOS Act in this very impor-tant legislation. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. D
AVID S
COTT), a senior member of the Finan-cial Services Committee and the lead-ing Democratic cosponsor of several of the bills in this package. Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member M
AXINE WATERS for the excellent lead-ership she has provided in working with our chairman, J
EBHENSARLING , in putting together this very good pack-age. I also want to thank my colleague, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. L
OUDERMILK ), my Republican col-league, and his staff for his leadership on what is title 8, the exchange regu-latory improvement title, which mir-rors the work that I did, as the gentle-woman from California (Ms. M
AXINE  W
ATERS ) mentioned, as the Democratic lead on H.R. 3555. Mr. Speaker, I want to also mention that we spent about a year working on this because it was so important that we give clarification and moderniza-tion to the term ‘‘facility.’’ That term dates all the way back to 1934. That is 84 years ago. So we needed to make some changes because of the fact that there are many business lines, such as e-mortgage registries, data analytics, and regulatory compliance software, that are obsolete now and have nothing to do with and are completely unre-lated to the exchange’s core business, which is facilitating transactions. What my colleague Mr. L
OUDERMILK  and I are simply trying to do is this: If there is a product or business that the exchange has that is totally unrelated to the transactions of the exchange, then that product should be exempt from SEC oversight. Our bill does this by simply asking the SEC, or Securi-ties and Exchange Commission, to set forth the facts and the circumstances that it considers when determining whether a business line is, in fact, a fa-cility. I want to make this final point, and I want to be crystal clear here. It is vi-tally important that the SEC retain oversight of the important exchange functions. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman. Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. We ran out at 2 minutes there. But this is very important, because when you are making changes, you want to make clear that you are not taking away any important and critical oversight and authority from the SEC. So I want to make a point that we work hard to make sure that the SEC retains oversight of important ex-change functions, such as those related to exchange market data, listing stand-ards, member and market regulation, colocation, and order routing services. We, the drafters of the bill, do not take away any authority from the SEC. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. WAGNER ), the chair of our Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee, also the lead sponsor of an important provision in this package of bills, H.R. 5970, the Modernizing Dis-closure for Investors Act. Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to rise today in support of the JOBS and Investor Confidence Act of 2018, and I urge its immediate passage. This progrowth legislation is a con-tinuation of the work that our com-mittee has done over the last year. We are tailoring regulations for small and midsized companies while protecting investors by giving them the broadest of investment opportunities. I am espe-cially happy to see my bill, the Mod-ernizing Disclosures for Investors Act, included in this package. H.R. 5970 will go a long way in im-proving and simplifying disclosure re-quirements for small and emerging growth companies that, for years, have struggled with the size and the com-plexity of these quarterly financial re-porting forms. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate the chairman and the ranking member for their work to get this bipartisan bill to the floor. It was no small task. Again, I urge all Members to support this bi-partisan legislation. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. H
IMES), a member of the Financial Services Committee, the chair of the New Democrat Coalition, and the au-thor of one of the bills in this package that ensures companies aren’t paying excessive fees to go public. Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, I will start by thanking Chairman J
EBHENSARLING  and Ranking Member M
AXINE WATERS  for their great work on this bipartisan bill in which we stand up on both sides of the aisle today and urge our col-leagues to vote for it. This has been a gratifying effort to watch around a terribly important pur-pose, which is trying to do all we can, without damaging the safety and soundness of our financial system, to make sure that young companies, the lifeblood of our economy, the source of opportunity for so many people, are given the opportunity to get started to pick up momentum and ultimately to provide the products and jobs that so benefit our communities. I am standing today, in particular, to highlight an element of this bill that I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.062 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6309 July 17, 2018 
am very grateful was included, which is title 31. Title 31 would call for a study around one of the biggest expenses that young companies that are about to go public face. That is the cost of going public, the cost that is charged in the form of a growth spread and other costs associated with the act of going public. We want our companies trading on the public markets. It is a good source of capital. It is a good opportunity, in many instances, for investors and re-tail investors, in particular, to partici-pate. Growth spreads in this country—that is, the fee for going public—have been remarkably constant over decades at 7 percent. That is a lot of money. For a $200 million IPO, which is not an atypi-cal size, that is $14 million. That sub-stantially exceeds the estimates that people make about what compliance with regulation costs. I have seen estimates for the cost of compliance between $1 million and $3 million a year. In a $200 million IPO, $14 million is a huge amount of money at a very sensitive moment in a com-pany’s lifecycle. This study would simply look at it to see if there are things that we could do to make this market more efficient, perhaps achieve better pricing, perhaps make it easier and less costly for more companies to access the public mar-kets. I stand in support of this bill, and urge its passage. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. B
ARR), the chair of our Monetary Policy and Trade Sub-committee. Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the JOBS and Investor Confidence Act of 2018, and I thank the chairman for his leadership. If America wants to compete in the 21st century economy, then we need 21st century capital formation rules. b1545 Currently, many of the securities regulations governing startups and in-vestors arise from 1930s-era statutes. Because of this outdated legal archi-tecture, the number of business startups is at a 40-year low, and the number of companies going public is the lowest it has been in 20 years. The result is fewer high-paying jobs, less retirement security, slower capital for-mation, and weaker economic growth. Fortunately, the JOBS and Investor Confidence Act modernizes our regula-tion of capital markets, enabling greater access to capital for small busi-nesses and entrepreneurs. Coupled with historic tax cuts and major banking re-form that was enacted into law earlier this year, this JOBS bill represents the next step in robust economic growth that will boost wages, unleash startup enterprises, and finance the future of American small businesses. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote for the JOBS and Investor Con-fidence Act of 2018. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. FOSTER ), who is a member of the Financial Serv-ices Committee and a leading Demo-cratic cosponsor on several of the bills in this package. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member W
ATERS for yielding. I want to begin by recognizing the good work of the ranking member and the chairman and their staffs in com-piling this capital formation package. I want to compliment the legislative skill shown by the ranking member and her staff in securing minority bills in this package, which I recognize in-volved a lot of give and take. We are a long ways from where this Chamber was a little over 13 months ago when we voted in a very partisan manner on the Financial CHOICE Act. I am proud to support this package which contains a number of priorities which I supported in committee and on the floor. I worked on two of these bills with my colleagues, Congressmen H
ILLand H
ULTGREN . While I know that there are many others who contributed to this package, I want to thank in particular Katelynn Bradley, Katy Strohmaier, and Lisa Peto of the ranking member’s staff for helping draft these amend-ments that led to unanimous support for these two bills in committee. First, the Options Markets Stability Act would direct the banking regu-lators to write rules to provide far more accurate circulations of counterparty credit risk for options and derivatives. Under the current ex-posure method used today, banks that centrally clear trades today on behalf of their clients must hold capital against the total notional value of any positions without regard for the way hedges offset risk. This bill directs the regulators to im-plement a framework that incentivizes central clearing of options and deriva-tives, which is a major part of our re-sponse in the Dodd-Frank bill that has provided financial stability for the last 8 years. The second bill is the Cooperate With Law Enforcement Agencies and Watch Act. This bill creates a safe harbor for financial institutions and money serv-ice businesses from the Bank Secrecy Act so long as they have a letter from law enforcement asking for a specific account to be kept open. Law enforce-ment agencies often send these letters so that they can follow the money and obtain crucial evidence in investiga-tions. This bill will encourage bank co-operation with these letters which are otherwise optional because it elimi-nates a situation of technical non-compliance. Other provisions in this package will improve transparency in markets which drives investor demand from around the world. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Illinois an additional 20 seconds. Mr. FOSTER. Other provisions in this bill will simply make our capital markets work better. I applaud the bipartisanship of the ranking member and the chairman, and I look forward to further improvements in the regulatory landscape as our mar-kets evolve. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues to support this bill. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. HULTGREN ), who is the vice-chairman of our Capital Markets, Securities, and Investment Sub-committee. Mr. H
ULTGREN is the lead sponsor of two provisions of the bill, H.R. 5749, the Options Market Stability Act, and H.R. 6319, the Expanding Investment in Small Businesses Act. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I first want to thank Chairman H
ENSARLING  and Ranking Member W
ATERS for their hard work in crafting this bipartisan package of bills. If enacted, this much-needed legisla-tion will deliver American small busi-nesses and entrepreneurs improved ac-cess to capital, which we all know is the foundation for driving job creation and economic growth. I am pleased that two of my bills, which are very important to a number of stakeholders in Illinois, were in-cluded in this package. The Options Markets Stability Act will help main-tain options for investors and support their ability to manage risk in volatile markets. The Expanding Investment in Small Businesses Act requires the SEC to study and provide a recommendation to Congress regarding the current limit on percentage of voting shares a diver-sified company may hold in a single issuer, which is currently discouraging funds from investing in small busi-nesses. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this job-creating legislation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas has 10
1⁄2minutes re-maining. The gentlewoman from Cali-fornia has 7
1⁄4minutes remaining. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Will the Speaker please check the min-utes again? We have calculated dif-ferently, and we think I have 9 min-utes. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has reviewed the time, and the Chair states that the Chair’s announce-ment is correct. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. I am sorry. What is the Chair saying about the time that I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman has 7
1⁄4minutes remaining. Ms. MAXINE WATER of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. S
INEMA ), who is a member of the Fi-nancial Services Committee and the leading author of a bill in this package. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.063 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6310 July 17, 2018 
Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the JOBS and In-vestor Confidence Act of 2018. This is a true bipartisan compromise, and I thank Chairman H
ENSARLING and Ranking Member W
ATERS for their leadership and willingness to work across the aisle. Mr. Speaker, every day I hear from Arizonans who are sick and tired of the dysfunction in Washington. Arizonans want Congress focused on job creation and national security, which is why this package includes three bills I helped introduce that create good-pay-ing jobs and fight drug cartels that threaten the safety of our border com-munities. First, I introduced the Fostering In-novation Act to deliver regulatory re-lief to cutting-edge biotech companies like HTG Molecular Diagnostics in Tucson that are hiring Arizonans into good-paying jobs. Our bill cuts red tape to ensure HTG and other innovative biotech companies can expand their high-wage workforces and develop life-saving medical breakthroughs. I am also a cosponsor of the HALOS Act to help turn good Arizona ideas into successful Arizona startups. ASU’s SkySong Innovation Center is a start-up incubator that helps these ideas and visions turn into companies and ca-reers, and the HALOS Act cuts red tape to help Arizona startups access the capital they need to thrive. That means more good-paying jobs all over our State. To protect Arizonans from violent drug cartels, I am an original cospon-sor of the National Strategy to Combat the Financing of Transnational Crimi-nal Organizations Act. This bill re-quires the administration to take a tough but smart step to combat drug and human trafficking, cybercrime, money laundering, and other issues that these criminals bring to our com-munities. Mr. Speaker, I will continue to work with anyone willing to get things done and deliver for Arizona. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. D
UFFY ), who is the chairman of our Housing and Insurance Subcommittee. Mr. D
UFFY is the spon-sor of a provision of this bill, H.R. 4537, the International Insurance Standards Act. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the chairman for his great bipar-tisan work on this package in S. 488, as well as the ranking member, Ms. W
ATERS , for her bipartisanship. This is a package that takes the finer work, not just over the last 2 years, but work over the last 4 to 6 years of Chair-man H
ENSARLING ’s leadership, puts them together where we have had Dem-ocrat, Republican, House, and Senate agreement on into a package that can hopefully make our markets and our economy work better. I want to thank the chairman and the ranking member for including in this package our international insur-ance standards bill. This is a bill that was on the floor last week. It passed with a unanimous vote, which was fan-tastic. What we are trying to do is ba-sically make sure that we maintain in international agreements our State- based model of insurance, that that doesn’t get undermined. If we are going to undermine State-based insurance, it should come through this institution and not through an international agreement. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. BEATTY ), who is a member of the Financial Serv-ices Committee who helped ensure that this bill cracks down on the use of dig-ital currency in human trafficking. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of this bipar-tisan package brought to the floor today under the leadership of Chair-man H
ENSARLING and Ranking Member W
ATERS . It is not every day the American peo-ple get to see bipartisanship in action, so it is important for Members today to highlight it when it does occur be-cause it really should be the rule of the people’s House, not the exception. Technology and finance evolves by the hour in today’s world, and this bi-partisan package will update our laws to better adapt to that reality while also encouraging the American entre-preneur to innovate and solve the prob-lems of tomorrow. As a businesswoman, I understand that this package will help create the businesses of tomorrow and at the same time enhance transparency in to-day’s public markets while simulta-neously combating the scourge of human trafficking. I am proud to have worked with my colleague from the other side of the aisle, Mr. R
OYCE , to include language in this bill that requires the adminis-tration to more closely examine and create solutions for Congress to con-sider how human traffickers use emerg-ing technologies and virtual currencies to launder money through the global banking system in hope of slowing the fastest growing crime in the world. My home State of Ohio ranks fourth in the country for human trafficking cases according to our State Attorney General’s office. Mr. Speaker, I thank our ranking member again for allowing me the op-portunity to push my bill. Working to-gether is the only way we can end this inhumane practice. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
ITTENGER ), who is the vice-chairman of the Financial Services Subcommittee on Terrorism and Illicit Finance. Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the House amendment to the JOBS and Investor Confidence Act. This bill that was co-sponsored with my good friend, K
EITH E
LLISON from Minnesota, is part of 32 combined bills. Our bill, the Credit Accuracy and In-clusion Act, will allow 100 million Americans to gain better access to credit. That is what this bill is all about. Just think about it: an indi-vidual now can take their rent pay-ment, their car payment, and their utility payment and use that to apply toward increasing their better credit application to the credit reporting agencies. Mr. Speaker, I commend this bill. This is important for our economy, and it is important for the American people to be able to go out in the market and acquire what they need to acquire in homes and cars to build their own wealth. So I thank the leadership, I thank Mr. HENSARLING , and I thank Ms. W
ATERS for her leadership in this bill, and I commend them for this bipar-tisan effort. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. G
OTTHEIMER ), who is a member of the Financial Services Committee and au-thor of one of the bills in this package. Mr. GOTTHEIMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the JOBS and Inves-tor Confidence Act. This important bi-partisan package includes my Senior Security Act which seeks to protect seniors from financial scammers and help them save for retirement. I am committed to helping seniors keep their hard-earned money for re-tirement so they can afford to stay in New Jersey and enjoy their lives and times with their kids and grandkids. We need to protect Social Security and Medicare, cut taxes, and cut costs for our seniors. We need to do so by work-ing with both sides of the aisle, with Democrats and Republicans. For decades, the Greatest Generation has supported their families and com-munities, making America the greatest country in the world. Now we need to commit to fighting for them by stop-ping financial predators from scamming seniors out of their savings. Older Americans are criminally de-frauded of $13 billion annually, in most cases by friends, family members, or caregivers. With more than 10,000 Americans turning 65 every day through 2030, we can’t afford this any longer. The Senior Security Act will identify problems that seniors face while sav-ing, making recommendations to Con-gress to help seniors save their hard- earned money. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chair-man H
ENSARLING and Ranking Member W
ATERS for their bipartisan work on this package of Financial Services bills. I also want to thank Congress-man H
OLLINGSWORTH and Congress-woman S
INEMA for helping co-lead the Senior Security Act, working hard to strike a bipartisan compromise. To-gether we work to protect seniors from malicious scammers and ensure our seniors have the savings they need and deserve in their golden years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.066 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6311 July 17, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of the JOBS and Investor Confidence Act. b1600 Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ), the vice chairman of our Financial Institutions Subcommittee, who is also the lead Re-publican sponsor of one of the bills in the package, H.R. 6069, the Fight Illicit Networks and Detect Trafficking Act. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman H
ENSARLING and Ranking Member W
ATERS , as well as members of the Financial Services Committee from both parties, for this important bipartisan piece of legisla-tion. Small and emerging businesses drive our economy, create jobs for American workers, and are at the forefront of technological change. We need to cre-ate the conditions where these ven-tures can access the capital they need to grow. This legislation builds upon the suc-cesses of the JOBS Act and JOBS 2.0. The JOBS and Investor Confidence Act includes reforms that will make it easier for the next Microsoft or Ama-zon or the developer of the next life-saving treatment to get off the ground. When coupled with the progrowth pro-visions of a revamped Tax Code, espe-cially the Opportunity Zones program, this will bring capital to marginalized areas and create opportunity for all. This package includes an important and, again, bipartisan bill that Con-gressman V
ARGAS and I introduced. The FIND Trafficking Act directs the Comptroller of the Currency to study how virtual currencies and online mar-ketplaces can be misused by bad actors to trade in illicit goods or facilitate human trafficking. I thank the chair-man for including this bill in the pack-age. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues to support the passage of the JOBS and Investor Confidence Act. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. S
HERMAN ), a senior Democrat on the committee and the lead sponsor of the bill. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I want to applaud the chair and the ranking member for a tour de force of bipartisanship: 32 bi-partisan bills with near unanimous support in our committee, all put to-gether in one outstanding package. I want to thank them both for in-cluding in this the BUILD Act, intro-duced by Mr. L
OUDERMILK and me. This bill will help Habitat for Humanity and similar organizations. It says that when they provide a zero percent loan, they can use the old disclosure forms or the new disclosure forms, whichever is easiest for them and whichever they have the software to produce. This bill is supported by Habitat for Humanity International and the Na-tional Housing Conference. It passed our committee with a unanimous 53–0 recorded vote. I want to thank both the chairman and the ranking member for including this legislation in an excellent pack-age, and I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. WILLIAMS ), the vice chair-man of the Financial Services Sub-committee on Monetary Policy and Trade. Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the JOBS and Investor Confidence Act of 2018, which is comprised of 32 pieces of legis-lation that have passed the committee or the House this Congress with wide bipartisan support. As a small business owner, I know how suffocating Big Government can be for the little guy. The fact is small businesses makes up 90 percent of American companies and employ al-most half of our workforce. We need to fight for them. In order for the United States to compete with the global market, we must continue to sustain long-term economic growth, and that starts with the passage of the JOBS and Investors Confidence Act of 2018. I am proud to join my colleagues on both sides of the aisle in support of this bipartisan legislation, and I am look-ing forward to the Senate passing this package quickly. Quite simply, busi-ness is good. In God we trust. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL), the majority whip of the committee and also the lead sponsor of H.R. 5783, the Cooperate with Law Enforcement Agencies and Watch Act, and who worked, also, ex-tensively on H.R. 1585, the Fair Invest-ment Opportunities for Professional Experts Act. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, a hardy con-gratulations to Chairman H
ENSARLING  and the ranking member for this excep-tional package, the JOBS and Investor Confidence Act. I support it, and I urge my colleagues to support it as well. This important bill includes H.R. 1585, a bill that I worked on with my friends from Arizona, Ms. S
INEMA and Mr. S
CHWEIKERT , and a bill also sup-ported and helped by Mrs. M
ALONEY of New York. I would like to highlight title IV. This bill expands the accredited in-vestor definition by recognizing the ability to participate in a private offer-ing should not be based solely on an asset or an income test, but that indi-viduals who have the sophistication should also be able to participate. I have spent much of my career help-ing small companies obtain funding, helping them do private placements under regulation D. This has been a long time in coming. It is a matter of basic fairness, which will provide greater investment opportunities for more Americans and help our busi-nesses grow and invest their capital faster. I encourage all my colleagues to sup-port this good measure. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. EMMER ), who is the lead sponsor of a very important provi-sion in the package, H.R. 5877, the Main Street Growth Act. Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the JOBS and In-vestor Confidence Act of 2018. Terms like ‘‘capital formation,’’ ‘‘li-quidity,’’ and ‘‘qualified investor’’ may sound like Washington jargon. In re-ality, they represent a few of the many important building blocks that drive our markets and create jobs and oppor-tunity around our country. On the heels of the largest regulatory relief effort in nearly a decade, the JOBS Act 3.0 will breathe new light into the entrepreneurial spirit that makes our country so special. This package of nonpartisan reforms includes several policy changes to help small businesses and startups access the most liquid and vibrant markets in the world, including the text of our Main Street Growth Act, which the House unanimously adopted last week. I appreciate the efforts of the chair-man and the ranking member to bring this significant legislation to the floor, and I encourage all of my colleagues to support the continued growth of our economy and to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the JOBS Act 3.0. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. L
OUDERMILK ), who is the lead sponsor of two provisions in the package: H.R. 3555, the Exchange Regu-latory Improvement Act, and H.R. 5953, the earlier referenced BUILD Act. Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, let me thank Chairman H
ENSARLING for not only working on this bill, but working to include these two impor-tant provisions as part of this 32-bill strong, bipartisan package we are bringing forward today. This is going to go a long way for small business as well as consumers in this Nation. I also want to thank Mr. M
EEKS and Mr. S
COTT for working with me on the Exchange Regulatory Improvement Act, which passed the Financial Serv-ices Committee unanimously, and also Mr. S
HERMAN for working with me on the BUILD Act, which also passed the committee unanimously. I appreciate the bipartisan work we have seen come together on this bill, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.067 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6312 July 17, 2018 
and I want to echo my strong support with all of my colleagues in support of this bill. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. B
UDD), the lead sponsor of one of the provisions in the bill, H.R. 3903, the Encouraging Public Offerings Act. Mr. BUDD. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of this bipartisan JOBS and In-vestor Confidence Act, and I appreciate Chairman H
ENSARLING for his leader-ship on this capital formation package. I want to highlight my own bill in-cluded in this package, H.R. 3903, the Encouraging Public Offerings Act, which allows issuers to submit to the SEC for confidential review, before publicly filing, draft registration state-ments for IPOs. H.R. 3903 will reduce the risk to com-panies that are contemplating going public in order to make listing on ex-changes more attractive, which, in the end, will only strengthen America’s fi-nancial markets. Mr. Speaker, the JOBS and Investor Confidence Act will make it easier for startups and small businesses in my district to attract the investments they need to go public, to grow, and to create more jobs. I am proud to support it. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time, and I yield myself the re-mainder of my time to close. I once again thank my colleagues for their outstanding bipartisan work on this carefully crafted bipartisan legis-lation. S. 488, the JOBS and Investor Confidence Act of 2018, is an example of Members on both sides of the aisle working together to support our Na-tion’s small businesses and investors. S. 488 facilitates access to capital for small businesses, increases protections for consumers and investors, fights the scourge of drug and human trafficking, and promotes financial stability. S. 488 is supported by institutional investors, angel investors, venture cap-italists, biotech companies, credit unions, small businesses, entre-preneurs, and exchanges. This bill will help entrepreneurs, small businesses, and investors to thrive in our economy. Finally, I would like to thank Mr. H
ENSARLING for his foresight in know-ing that this was possible because both sides of the aisle really support small businesses. It was Mr. H
ENSARLING who said: Given that we do both support small businesses, why can’t we come together around a package where we have already shown our support on in-dividual bills either in committee or on the floor and put it all together? He did that. He provided that leader-ship. I joined with him. Our staffs are to be congratulated be-cause they worked very hard on both sides of the aisle to work out any con-cerns that we may have, any dif-ferences that we may have. They did a magnificent job, and they are respon-sible for helping us to understand what certainly is and was possible. So despite this, if I may say, there are many onlookers who never thought this could happen. There are many pundits, those who come from special interests, those who come from right here in the House on both sides of the aisle, who are still questioning. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida). The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman from California an additional 30 seconds. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I had one inquiry from one of the magazines, I believe it was, who said: Tell me what happened in the background, what was really going on. How did this all come together? I want the gentleman from Texas to know I told him it is none of his busi-ness. It really happened, and we are pleased about it. We worked very hard on that. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. H
ENSARLING  and all of the members who worked so hard to make this happen, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time I have remaining. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas has 1 minute re-maining. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Indeed, Mr. Speaker, some would say the ranking member and I can’t agree even on the time of day. I was told when this debate started that thunder-storms came over Washington, D.C., it was that monumental of an achieve-ment. But in seriousness, I do want to offer my thanks and my gratitude to the ranking member. She and her staff worked very constructively with us on this bill and the preceding important bill, the CFIUS reform, which we are still trying to work out our differences on with the Senate. But, long story short, we came together. This is going to be an important day for small business. It is an important day for 3 percent economic growth, which is so important to American families. I, too, want to echo how important the work of our staffs is. Particularly on the majority side, I wish to thank Kevin Edgar and Fritz Vaughan and their staff for their contribution. This is going to make a difference, ultimately, because small businesses one day become big businesses. This will make a difference in economic growth for all Americans. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support the JOBS and Investor Con-fidence Act of 2018, and I yield back the balance of my time. b1615 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HEN-
SARLING ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 488, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
DEFENDING ECONOMIC LIVELI-HOODS AND THREATENED ANI-MALS ACT Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4819) to promote in-clusive economic growth through con-servation and biodiversity programs that facilitate transboundary coopera-tion, improve natural resource man-agement, and build local capacity to protect and preserve threatened wild-life species in the greater Okavango River Basin of southern Africa, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4819 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Defending Economic Livelihoods and Threatened Ani-mals Act’’ or the ‘‘DELTA Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) The greater Okavango River Basin, which ranges from the highland plateau of Angola to northeastern Namibia and north-ern Botswana, and also provides critical nat-ural resources that sustain wildlife in Zam-bia and Zimbabwe, is the largest freshwater watershed in southern Africa. (2) The greater Okavango River Basin is the main source of water and livelihoods for over 1,000,000 people, and the effective man-agement and protection of this critical wa-tershed will help advance important con-servation and economic growth objectives for Angola, Botswana, Namibia, local com-munities, and the broader region. (3) The greater Okavango River Basin is home to the largest remaining elephant pop-ulation in the world, as well as other threat-ened wildlife species. (4) Poaching and trafficking of threatened wildlife species in the greater Okavango River Basin has increased in recent years, and has the potential to undermine regional stability by disrupting local governance and management of resources, and supplanting key economic opportunities for community members. (5) Governments in the region have taken important steps to coordinate through exist-ing conservation frameworks to combat traf-ficking, ensure responsible resource manage-ment, support local livelihoods, and protect threatened wildlife species. 
SEC. 3. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that it is in the interest of the United States to engage, as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.069 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6313 July 17, 2018 
appropriate, with the Governments of An-gola, Botswana, Namibia, and neighboring countries, and in partnership with donors, regional organizations, nongovernmental or-ganizations, local communities, and the pri-vate sector, to advance conservation efforts and promote economic growth and stability in the greater Okavango River Basin and neighboring watersheds and conservation areas. 
SEC. 4. STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
It is the policy of the United States to pro-mote inclusive economic growth through conservation and biodiversity programs that facilitate transboundary cooperation, im-prove water and natural resource manage-ment, and build local capacity to protect and preserve threatened wildlife species in the greater Okavango River Basin and neigh-boring watersheds and conservation areas. 
SEC. 5. STRATEGY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary and the Administrator, in coordination with the heads of other relevant Federal agencies, shall seek, as appropriate, to work with the Governments of Angola, Botswana, Namibia, and neighboring countries, and in partner-ship with donors, regional organizations, nongovernmental organizations, local com-munities, and the private sector, to develop a strategy to— (1) create and advance a cooperative frame-work to promote responsible natural re-source, water, and wildlife management practices in the greater Okavango River Basin; (2) protect traditional migration routes of elephants and other threatened wildlife spe-cies; (3) combat wildlife poaching and traf-ficking; (4) address human health and development needs of local communities; and (5) catalyze economic growth in such coun-tries and across the broader region. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The strategy established pursuant to subsection (a) shall— (1) promote cooperative and responsible water, natural resource, and wildlife man-agement policies and practices within and among the countries of Angola, Botswana, and Namibia, with a particular focus on the greater Okavango River Basin and the crit-ical headwaters located in Angola; (2) protect and restore wildlife habitats and traditional migratory patterns of ele-phants and other threatened species; (3) combat wildlife poaching and traf-ficking in Angola, Botswana, Namibia, and those areas of Zambia and Zimbabwe that border Angola, Botswana, or Namibia, in-cluding within regional and national parks and reserves, by building the capacity of the governments of such countries, local law en-forcement, community leaders, and park rangers to detect, disrupt, and prosecute poachers and traffickers; (4) promote conservation as a foundation for inclusive economic growth and develop-ment within a comprehensive assistance strategy that places Angola, Botswana, and Namibia on a trajectory toward graduation from the need for United States foreign as-sistance; (5) identify opportunities and mechanisms to leverage regional organizations, non-governmental organizations, and public-pri-vate partnerships to contribute to support the implementation of the strategy; (6) establish monitoring and evaluation mechanisms, including measurable goals, ob-jectives, and benchmarks of success, that are included in grants, contracts, and coopera-tive agreements to ensure the effective use of United States foreign assistance; and (7) coordinate with and build the capacity of regional conservation frameworks in order to advance regional conservation objectives. SEC. 6. UNITED STATES SUPPORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary and the Administrator, in coordination with the heads of other relevant Federal agencies, are authorized to prioritize and advance ongoing efforts to— (1) promote inclusive economic growth and development through responsible water and natural resource management and wildlife protection activities in the greater Okavango River Basin; (2) provide technical assistance to govern-ments and local communities in Angola, Bot-swana, and Namibia to create a policy-ena-bling environment for such responsible water and natural resource management and wild-life protection activities; and (3) build the capacity of local law enforce-ment, park rangers, and community leaders to combat wildlife poaching and trafficking. (b) C
OORDINATION AND INTEGRATION WITH R
EGIONAL CONSERVATION FRAMEWORKS .—The Secretary and the Administrator, in coordi-nation with the heads of other relevant Fed-eral agencies, shall coordinate assistance provided by Department of State, the United States Agency for International Develop-ment, and such other relevant Federal agen-cies with existing regional conservation frameworks in order to ensure regional inte-gration of conservation, wildlife trafficking, and water management initiatives, to pre-vent duplication of efforts, and to advance regional conservation objectives. (c) C
OORDINATION WITHPRIVATE SECTOR .— The Secretary and the Administrator, in co-ordination with the heads of other relevant Federal agencies, are authorized to work with the private sector and nongovernmental organizations to leverage public and private capital to promote responsible resource man-agement, combat wildlife poaching and traf-ficking, and support inclusive economic growth and local livelihoods in the greater Okavango River Basin. (d) M
ONITORING AND EVALUATION .—The Sec- retary and the Administrator shall establish monitoring and evaluation mechanisms, to include measurable goals, objectives, and benchmarks, to ensure the effective use of United States foreign assistance to achieve the objectives of this section. 
SEC. 7. REPORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary and the Administrator, in co-ordination with the heads of other relevant Federal agencies, shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a report on the implementation of this Act. (b) M
ATTERS TOBEINCLUDED .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include a description of the strategy required by sec-tion 5, including— (1) the monitoring and evaluation plans and indicators used to measure performance under the strategy; (2) any legislative impediments to meeting the objectives of such strategy; (3) the extent to which Angola, Botswana, and Namibia have demonstrated a commit-ment and willingness to cooperate to ad-vance efforts described in section 5(b); (4) progress made to date in meeting the objectives of such strategy; (5) efforts to coordinate, deconflict, and streamline conservation programs in order to maximize resource effectiveness; (6) the extent to which Angola, Botswana, and Namibia and other government in the re-gion are investing resources to advance con-servation initiatives; and (7) the extent to which other funding sources, including through private sector in-vestment and other investment by Angola, Botswana, and Namibia, have been identified to advance conservation initiatives. SEC. 8. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-trator’’ means the Administrator of the United States Agency for International De-velopment. (2) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate. (3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of State. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-tleman from California (Mr. S
HERMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and to include any extraneous material in the R
ECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the Okavango Delta supports the economic livelihood of a million people in that region. It is in a desert, but the Okavango River flows into that desert and makes a home to the largest remaining population of elephants in the world. This ecosystem spans three coun-tries. It starts in the highlands of An-gola, and it flows through Namibia and Botswana. Like other regions across Africa, there is a challenge here in the poaching and trafficking of threatened species in the delta. That poaching of elephant, black rhino, and hippo is in-creasing. I have seen firsthand the devastating impact of poachers and organized criminal networks across the con-tinent. Wildlife trafficking and profits from poaching provide a key funding source for international criminal net-works and for terrorists. These deadly groups undermine re-gional stability. They spread violence. They disrupt local governance. They have a devastating impact on the eco-nomic opportunities for members of the community. This legislation provided by our good friend here, Mr. F
ORTENBERRY , H.R. 4819, is the Defending Economic Liveli-hoods and Threatened Animals Act of 2018. This DELTA Act is an oppor-tunity to be proactive and protect this part of the world before it is too late. It strengthens coordination among the Governments of the United States and Angola, Botswana, and Namibia to ad-dress these poaching threats and to support local communities in this greater Okavango River Basin. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.018 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6314 July 17, 2018 
A few months ago, I led a bipartisan delegation to the region, and I saw the critical need for these countries to work together to preserve and protect this magnificent landscape. I had not been in Angola since the beginning of that war, and to go back to see Angola today and have an opportunity to meet with the chairman of the committee responsible for conservation there—she is, in fact, herself a park ranger—and to see how Angola has emerged from years of civil war and unrest and is now looking to the international com-munity for partnership and for support is heartening. With Angola’s immense natural re-sources, we are already seeing, unfortu-nately, foreign governments—for ex-ample, Beijing—pushing unwise devel-opment that threatens to siphon off this critical water source. Obviously, to siphon off this water source, it would devastate the river basin. This is why we must act now to protect the animals and communities that call the region home. Animals and poachers, of course, know no boundaries. The water doesn’t know any boundaries. In order for con-servation efforts to be successful, we must take a transboundary approach. I was proud to be the author of the Congo Basin Forest Partnership Act some years ago. I think it was in 2004 that it was passed. We saw how in-creased coordination across national borders can be successful in protecting critical landscapes and combating poaching threats. This DELTA Act looks to build on these proven successes, which have set up national parks now in seven land-scapes across Africa. This legislation strengthens the coordination among the Governments, as I said, of the United States, Angola, Botswana, and Namibia. It does that by leveraging partnerships with the private sector, with nongovernment organizations, and with regional bodies. It prioritizes wildlife trafficking and anti-poaching programs in this greater Okavango River Basin. And it promotes respon-sible economic growth for local com-munities through responsible natural resource management. Again, I thank the bill’s author, Rep-resentative F
ORTENBERRY , and our fel-low co-chairs of the House Inter-national Conservation Caucus, Rep-resentatives M
CCOLLUM and C UELLAR , for their leadership and steadfast ef-forts to keep conservation and anti- poaching efforts alive here in Congress and to help us drive these efforts. I want to thank Ranking Member E
NGEL and, of course, from New York, J
OECROWLEY , for their work on this legislation. It is deeply appreciated, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4819, the DELTA Act, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to commend the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. F
OR-
TENBERRY ) for his initiative in putting forward this legislation to help protect one of Africa’s most important eco-systems. I am pleased to cosponsor this measure. I also want to commend Chairman ROYCE and Ranking Member E
NGEL for their leadership on inter-national conservation issues, particu-larly the fight against wildlife traf-ficking. The Okavango River Basin in Angola, Botswana, and Namibia supports an amazing array of wildlife, including the largest remaining concentration of elephants in Africa. It is also home to more than a million people. The DELTA Act requires the develop-ment of a strategy to encourage sus-tainable management of natural re-sources in the river basin, including the protection of wildlife. This strat-egy will require input from a wide range of stakeholders, including na-tional governments, local commu-nities, nongovernmental organizations, and the private sector. The goal is to support economic de-velopment for the residents of the re-gion while preserving unique eco-systems and protecting wildlife. The DELTA Act has the support of key conservation organizations, includ-ing the World Wildlife Fund and the Wildlife Conservation Society. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to support this bipartisan legislation, which passed our committee by unanimous voice vote, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. F
ORTENBERRY ), a member of the Committee on Appro-priations and the author of this land-mark legislation. Mr. FORTENBERRY. Mr. Speaker, before I begin my remarks, let me thank Chairman R
OYCE , chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, for his extraordinary leadership, not only on this bill, but on a whole array of conservation and security initia-tives. I thank the gentleman for his chairmanship and for his long service in Congress. Mr. Speaker, let me thank Ranking Member E
NGEL for his support of this legislation and Congressman S
HERMAN  for his kind and generous remarks. They are very much appreciated. Mr. Speaker, the greater Okavango River Basin is the largest freshwater wetland in southern Africa. Not only is it the main source of water and liveli-hood for more than 1 million people, as we have heard, it is home to the largest remaining elephant population in the entire world. The pathway for habitat along the three-country waterway is essential for sustaining this majestic animal and other species. As a creative approach to conservation, to foster an ecosystem of well-being for communities and for the purpose of international stability and security, as so well stated by Chairman R
OYCE , given the scourge of wildlife trafficking and the nexus that it creates to terrorist network financ-ing, we introduced this bipartisan bill, a transnational conservation initiative linking the natural habitat of the three nations, Angola, Namibia, and Bot-swana, to ensure the survival of this pristine ecosystem that is essential for the future of conservation, species, as well as the communities and people who live there. When we consider past conflicts that existed in parts of this region, it is truly heartwarming to work with the leaders of these countries to support their vision for the flourishing of ani-mals and people, for the sake of the en-vironment, and for the sake of their economies. This is imaginative foreign policy. It moves us from a singular, traditional type of solution to addressing chal-lenges in a comprehensive, multi-national, multisectoral strategy that mirrors the complexity of nature itself, beyond human-defined borders. This bill is a unique opportunity to help save and enhance one of the most beau-tiful and delicate ecosystems in the en-tire world before other international actors ruin it. As a co-chair of the International Conservation Caucus with Chairman ROYCE and with my good friends Con-gressman C
UELLAR from Texas and Congresswoman M
CCOLLUM from Min-nesota, I am very grateful for their hard work to help ensure the proper stewardship of natural resources in our own great country, as well as around the world. This bill offers the opportunity to continue to build authentic relations with the countries of Angola, Bot-swana, and Namibia, as well as local communities and the private sector, to develop effective strategies to promote sustainable resource management, combat wildlife trafficking, and stimu-late economic regeneration in this part of the world. Mr. Speaker, again, I greatly appre-ciate Chairman R
OYCE ’s cosponsorship, active support, and leadership in mov-ing the DELTA Act through the com-mittee, and I urge my colleagues to support this innovative, imaginative, and important initiative. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
UELLAR ). Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Mr. S
HERMAN for yielding and for the leadership that he has provided on this issue. Certainly, I want to thank the chairman of the full com-mittee, the gentleman from California, Mr. E
DROYCE , who has been working on this issue for so many years. I want to thank him and the ranking member of the committee, Mr. E
NGEL , for all of the work that they have done. In particular, I want to thank my co- chair, Mr. F
ORTENBERRY , for his leader-ship. I remember talking about this particular bill at the very beginning, and here we are about to pass very im-portant legislation. Certainly, I want 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.072 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6315 July 17, 2018 
to join Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. E D R
OYCE , Mr. E NGEL , myself, Ms. M CCOL-
LUM, and the rest of the cosponsors on this bipartisan bill that promotes sus-tainable economic development, com-bats wildlife trafficking in Africa’s critical Okavango River Basin, which supports more than a million people in Angola, Botswana, Namibia, and which is home to several threatened wildlife species, including the largest remain-ing elephant population in the world. b1630 Today, that region is at a near break-ing point due to the not very well thought of development activities, and we have got to make sure that we act together. Specifically, this bill will protect the vital Okavango River Basin by strengthening coordination between the United States, Angola, Botswana, and Namibia, and leveraging partner-ships with the private sector, non-governmental organizations, and re-gional bodies; prioritizing wildlife traf-ficking to make sure that we stop these poaching programs that have really affected this particular area; promoting sustainable economic growth for local communities through responsible natural resource manage-ment; and, more importantly, helping to stop the extinction of these majestic animals, these elephants and other en-dangered species. So it is important that we all work together as lawmakers in a bipartisan way and also partner with nations to build international political support for sustainable development while pro-tecting the world’s most sensitive eco-systems. In today’s global community, it is crucial that we assist our inter-national partners and make sure that we find a better way to protect our world. In conclusion, I would say that we only have one world to live in. It is up to us to ensure that we promote sus-tainable development so our children and grandchildren have a better world to live in. I want to thank the International Conservation Caucus Foundation, my colleagues, our co-chairs, and all of the Members on both sides that have worked so hard for this bipartisan sup-port of this particular bill. So I thank my Members and colleagues for bring-ing this important matter to the U.S. Congress’ attention, and I urge the sup-port of this bill. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, in clos-ing, I want to reiterate the importance of conservation in combating the scourge of wildlife trafficking around the world. This bill reaffirms our com-mitment to these goals and will result in a strategy to encourage sustainable management of natural resources in the Okavango River Basin located in Angola, Botswana, and Namibia. I thank Mr. F
ORTENBERRY , Mr. C
UELLAR , and, of course, Chairman ROYCE and Ranking Member E NGEL for their work. This bill passed our com-mittee by unanimous, bipartisan voice vote. I strongly support it, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the greater Okavango River Basin is home to the largest re-maining elephant population on this planet, but like other regions across Africa, we know that poaching and trafficking of threatened species is in-creasing. We know that greater trans-boundary cooperation is essential to protect the basin in order to combat poaching threats and, obviously, to en-courage the responsible management of water resources. The U.S. currently supports pro-grams in Africa to combat poaching threats and promote economic growth, but greater coordination and diplo-matic engagement with these govern-ments, these governments working to-gether to streamline these programs and galvanize support from partner countries also in the region, is essen-tial. We do this not only to protect these threatened species, but also because it is in our national security interest to do so. I urge all of my colleagues to support this important measure. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4819, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ELIE WIESEL GENOCIDE AND ATROCITIES PREVENTION ACT OF 2018 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3030) to help prevent acts of genocide and other atrocity crimes, which threaten national and international security, by enhancing United States Government capacities to prevent, mitigate, and respond to such crises, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3030 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Elie Wiesel Genocide and Atrocities Prevention Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that the United States affirms the critical importance of strengthening the United States Govern-ment’s efforts at atrocity prevention and re-sponse through interagency coordination such as the Atrocities Prevention Board (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘Board’’) or successor entity. In carrying out the work of the Board or successor entity, appropriate officials of the United States Government should— (1) meet regularly to monitor develop-ments throughout the world that heighten the risk of atrocities; (2) identify any gaps in United States for-eign policy concerning regions or particular countries related to atrocity prevention and response; (3) facilitate the development and imple-mentation of policies to enhance the capac-ity of the United States to prevent and re-spond to atrocities worldwide; (4) provide the President with rec-ommendations to improve policies, pro-grams, resources, and tools related to atroc-ity prevention and response; (5) conduct outreach, including consulta-tions, not less frequently than biannually, with representatives of nongovernmental or-ganizations and civil society dedicated to atrocity prevention and response; (6) operate with regular consultation and participation of designated interagency rep-resentatives of relevant Federal agencies, ex-ecutive departments, or offices; and (7) ensure funds are made available for the policies, programs, resources, and tools re-lated to atrocity prevention and response, including through mechanisms such as the Complex Crises Fund or other related ac-counts. SEC. 3. STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
It shall be the policy of the United States to— (1) regard the prevention of genocide and other atrocities as in its national security interests; (2) mitigate threats to United States secu-rity by addressing the root causes of insecu-rity and violent conflict to prevent— (A) the mass slaughter of civilians; (B) conditions that prompt internal dis-placement and the flow of refugees across borders; and (C) other violence that wreaks havoc on re-gional stability and livelihoods; (3) enhance the capacity of the United States to identify, prevent, address, and re-spond to the drivers of atrocities and violent conflict as part of the United States’ human-itarian, development, and strategic inter-ests; and (4) pursue a Government-wide strategy to prevent and respond to the risk of genocide and other atrocities by— (A) strengthening the diplomatic, risk analysis and monitoring, strategic planning, early warning, and response capacities of the Government; (B) improving the use of foreign assistance to respond early, effectively, and urgently in order to address the root causes and drivers of violence, and systemic patterns of human rights abuses and atrocities; (C) strengthening diplomatic response and the use of foreign assistance to support tran-sitional justice measures, including criminal accountability, for past atrocities; (D) supporting and strengthening local civil society, including human rights defend-ers and others working to help prevent and respond to atrocities, and protecting their ability to receive support from and partner with civil society at large; (E) promoting financial transparency and enhancing anti-corruption initiatives as part of addressing a root cause of insecurity; and (F) employing a variety of unilateral, bi-lateral, and multilateral means to prevent and respond to conflicts and atrocities by— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.073 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6316 July 17, 2018 
(i) placing a high priority on timely, pre-ventive diplomatic efforts; and (ii) exercising a leadership role in pro-moting international efforts to end crises peacefully. 
SEC. 4. TRAINING OF FOREIGN SERVICE OFFI-CERS IN CONFLICT AND ATROCITIES PREVENTION. 
Section 708 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 4028) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) instruction on recognizing patterns of escalation and early warning signs of poten-tial atrocities or violence, including gender- based violence, and methods of conflict as-sessment, peacebuilding, mediation for pre-vention, early action and response, and tran-sitional justice measures to address atroc-ities.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘peacebuilding’ means nonviolent activities designed to prevent conflict through— ‘‘(1) addressing root causes of violence; ‘‘(2) promoting sustainable peace; ‘‘(3) delegitimizing violence as a dispute resolution strategy; ‘‘(4) building capacity within society to peacefully manage disputes, including the capacity of governments to address citizen grievances; and ‘‘(5) reducing vulnerability to triggers that may spark violence.’’. 
SEC. 5. REPORTS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and annually thereafter for the following six years, the President shall transmit to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives and the Committee on For-eign Relations and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate a report, with a classified annex if necessary, that includes— (1) a review, in consultation with appro-priate interagency representatives, con-sisting of a detailed description of— (A) current efforts based on United States and locally identified indicators, including capacities and constraints for Government- wide detection, early warning and response, information-sharing, contingency planning, and coordination of efforts to prevent and re-spond to situations of genocide and atroc-ities and other mass violence, such as gen-der-based violence and violence against reli-gious minorities; (B) recommendations to further strengthen United States capabilities described in sub-paragraph (A); (C) funding expended by relevant Federal departments and agencies on atrocities pre-vention activities, including transitional justice measures and the legal, procedural, and resource constraints faced by the De-partment of State and the United States Agency for International Development throughout respective budgeting, strategic planning, and management cycles to support conflict and atrocities prevention activities in countries identified to be at risk of atroc-ities; (D) current annual Government global as-sessments of sources of instability, conflict, and atrocities, the outcomes and findings of such assessments, and, where relevant, a re-view of activities, and the efficacy of such activities, that the Atrocities Prevention Board or successor entity undertook to re-spond to sources of instability, conflict, and atrocities; (E) consideration of analysis, reporting, and policy recommendations to prevent and respond to atrocities produced by civil soci-ety, academic, and other nongovernmental organizations and institutions; (F) countries and regions at risk of atroc-ities, including a description of most likely pathways to violence, specific risk factors, potential groups of perpetrators, and at-risk target groups; and (G) instruction on recognizing patterns of escalation and early warning signs of poten-tial atrocities and methods of conflict as-sessment, peace-building, mediation for pre-vention, early action and response, and tran-sitional justice measures to address atroc-ities in the Federal training programs for Foreign Service officers; (2) recommendations to ensure shared re-sponsibility by— (A) enhancing multilateral mechanisms for preventing atrocities, including strength-ening the role of international organizations and international financial institutions in conflict prevention, mitigation, and re-sponse; and (B) strengthening regional organizations; (3) implementation status of the rec-ommendations contained in such review; and (4) identification of the Federal depart-ments and agencies and civil society, aca-demic, and nongovernmental organizations and institutions consulted for preparation of such report. SEC. 6. DEFINITION. 
In this Act, the term ‘‘genocide’’ means an offense under subsection (a) of section 1091 of title 18, United States Code, or any substan-tially similar conduct. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-tleman from California (Mr. S
HERMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ). 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material in the R
ECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, it was over 60 years ago that free people around the world pledged to never again stand by in si-lence as oppressed people are annihi-lated in a genocide. Unfortunately, since then, we have witnessed mass atrocities and genocide in places such as Bosnia, the Rwandan genocide, Cam-bodia, Burma, and in the ISIS strong-holds in Syria and in Iraq. The United States has often been a leader in responding to these and other humanitarian crises—not soon enough, in many cases. However, there is more, obviously, that can be done, and U.S. efforts have been largely reactive and disjointed, with little transparency or oversight. This bill is the Elie Wiesel Genocide and Atrocities Prevention Act. It would correct these deficiencies. This act would require an annual report of administration actions to prevent and respond to potential genocides and mass atrocities, and it would mandate the identification of countries that are at risk of such crimes against human-ity. This act also requires that all For-eign Service officers, who often are at the forefront of U.S. efforts to address atrocities ever since our Ambassador in Armenia was the first to sound the alarm on the Armenian genocide, be trained to deal with early warning signs, conflict assessment, mediation, and other responses. All of this will better enable our gov-ernment to develop a coordinated re-sponse as a crisis is developing and, ul-timately, to save lives. With its name, this bill honors the legacy of Holocaust survivor and Nobel Laureate Elie Wiesel, and it furthers our commitment to his call, for it was his call for ‘‘never again’’—never again by strengthening the U.S. Govern-ment’s coordination on efforts to pre-vent, mitigate, and respond to genocide and other mass atrocities. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in support of this bill, and I re-serve the balance of my time. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , PER-
MANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON IN-
TELLIGENCE , July 17, 2018. Hon. E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : On June 22, 2018, H.R. 3030, the Elie Wiesel Genocide and Atrocities Prevention Act of 2018 was referred to the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence (the Committee). In order to expedite the House’s consider-ation of the measure, the Committee will forgo consideration of the measure. This courtesy is conditioned on our mutual under-standing and agreement that it will in no way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Committee with respect to any future juris-dictional claim over the subject matter con-tained in the legislation or any similar measure, nor will this waiver inhibit the Committee’s ability to address issues of con-cern going forward. I appreciate your sup-port to the appointment of Members from the Committee to any House-Senate con-ference on this legislation. I also appreciate your including this letter in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. Thank you for your assistance with this matter. Sincerely, D
EVIN NUNES , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, July 16, 2018. Hon. D
EVIN NUNES , Chairman, Permanent Select Committee on In-telligence, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for con-sulting with the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs on H.R. 3030, the Elie Wiesel Genocide and Atrocities Prevention Act of 2018, and for agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of that bill. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of your Com-mittee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerog-atives on this measure or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.019 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6317 July 17, 2018 
seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House-Senate conference involving this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 3030 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with your Committee as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I rise in support of this measure. Mr. Speaker, this bill passed our committee by unanimous, bipartisan voice vote. It is named for Elie Wiesel, the Holocaust survivor and author who spent decades leading the fight to bring Nazis to justice. First, I thank the gentlewoman from Missouri, Ambassador W
AGNER , and the chairman of the Democratic Caucus, the gentleman from New York, J
OE C
ROWLEY , for their work in bringing forward this very important bill that improves our capacity to prevent and respond to genocides and mass atroc-ities. I am pleased to be an original co-sponsor of this legislation. Millions of innocent civilians have died in mass atrocities and genocides. I would like to take just a second to re-mind everyone of a few of these trage-dies: The first genocide of the 20th cen-tury, the Armenian genocide, which killed approximately 1.5 million peo-ple; The Holocaust, from 1933 to 1945, more than 9 million people were killed, including over 6 million Jews; Cambodia in 1975, which saw the slay-ing of 2 million people; Rwanda in 1990, which saw the deaths of 800,000 in just 100 days; and Sudan, Darfur, and the tragedy there. Tragedies and crises like this are not just in the past. Today, we are wit-nessing mass killings of innocent peo-ple in many places around the globe. In Burma, the military has inflicted horrific violence against the Rohingya people. Thousands have been killed. This is ethnic cleansing, and it appears on the verge of genocide. Now, 700,000 refugees have been pushed into Bangladesh, 80 percent of them are women and children. And as I mentioned, in Darfur, some 300,000 are dead, 3 million displaced. This measure gives us the tools to de-tect the warning signs of a mass atroc-ity or genocide so that we can respond quickly and improves interagency co-ordination. Overall, this measure will make our government better equipped to handle the growing threats of geno-cide and crimes against humanity. This is a good bill. The prevention of genocide and mass atrocity should be a core objective of our Nation’s national security and foreign policy missions. The bill passed, as I said before, our committee by a unanimous bipartisan voice vote. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support it, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 4 minutes to the gentle-woman from Missouri (Mrs. WAGNER ), who is the author of this legislation. Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Elie Wiesel Genocide and Atrocities Prevention Act. I introduced this bill to improve U.S. efforts to prevent mass atrocity crimes. The legislation honors the leg-acy of Holocaust survivor Elie Wiesel and his life’s work to fight evil around the world. Mr. Wiesel was just 15 years old when the Nazis deported him and his family to Auschwitz. Having witnessed the near total destruction of his people, he spent his life defending the persecuted. As Mr. Wiesel understood so well, the true horror of genocide is that it is pre-ventable. We are haunted by repeated failures and missed opportunities to end these tragedies before they begin. There is more the United States can and must do to help vulnerable communities and persecuted people around the world. The reality is that good intentions and platitudes like ‘‘never again’’ have not prevented the deaths of hundreds of thousands of civilians at the hands of the Assad regime nor the ethnic cleans-ing of the Rohingya Muslims in Burma. When I introduced this legislation, I thought of the Bosnian community in St. Louis, my hometown. This commu-nity has shaped what St. Louis looks and feels like. It has added great cul-tural diversity to the city, immense in-tellectual capital, thriving small busi-nesses, and a strong religious presence. Two decades ago, members of our Bosnian community were refugees. In 1995, Orthodox Serbs, under the com-mand of General Ratko Mladic, initi-ated a horrific ethnic cleansing cam-paign against majority-Muslim Bosniaks. The bloodshed forced 130,000 Bosnian refugees to seek new lives in the United States. It is fitting that today we remember the victims of the Bosnian genocide just a few days after its 23rd anniver-sary. I am continually amazed by the resilience of our Bosnian neighbors. Their courage has inspired me to seek change. The Elie Wiesel Act expresses Con-gress’ strong support for better utiliza-tion of existing resources, particularly the Atrocities Prevention Board, which is dedicated to coordinating U.S. atroc-ity prevention and response, and the Complex Crises Fund, which supports agile, efficient responses to unforeseen crises overseas. Additionally, we require the adminis-tration to evaluate existing prevention efforts, report on countries at risk of genocide and mass atrocity crimes, and recommend concrete improvements to our early warning systems. The bill also mandates that U.S. For-eign Service officers are trained in atrocities recognition and response. Should this bill become law, America’s diplomats will be better equipped to act before violence spirals out of con-trol. The Elie Wiesel Act establishes that it is the official policy of the United States to regard atrocities prevention as a core national security interest and to address root causes of conflict through our humanitarian, develop-ment, and strategic endeavors. Let me be clear, Mr. Speaker, geno-cide is preventable. The United States is the global leader in genocide and atrocities response, but we must shift our attention towards prevention so that no one ever becomes a victim in the first place. b1645 H.R. 3030 is an important first step. I thank the gentleman from New York (Mr. C
ROWLEY ) for his cooperation on this piece of bipartisan legislation, and I urge its support. Mr. SHERMAN. I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. C
ROWLEY ) an original cosponsor of the bill. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California for yielding me this time. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Elie Wiesel Genocide and Atrocities Prevention Act. I thank my good friend, the chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee, Mr. R
OYCE , and Ranking Member E NGEL for their support in bringing this impor-tant legislation to the floor today. I also appreciate the work of Ambas-sador W
AGNER on this measure, and I am proud to be a cosponsor and the lead Democrat on this bill with Con-gresswoman W
AGNER . Standing up against genocide and mass atrocities is a critical responsi-bility for the United States. There is no other country in the world that can hold other nations accountable but the United States. No other country can do it like we can—not France, not Ger-many, not Great Britain, certainly not China, especially not Russia. No other country in history has had the moral suasion of the United States. Many of us are concerned about what is happening to our country right now and our positioning in being able to push back against atrocities and human rights violations around the world. I would be remiss if I didn’t mention a concern for what took place yesterday in Helsinki as an example of a growing concern of our ability to hold and to sway moral convictions on these issues. But it is a responsibility that is important to our country and, more importantly, it is a responsibility that is important to our world. If you walk down Independence Ave-nue and to the Holocaust Memorial Museum, you will see and hear the words, ‘‘Never again.’’ It is a phrase that brings to mind some of the world’s worst atrocities and most heinous crimes. As Elie Wiesel, who this bill is named after, and a man whom I had the oppor-tunity to know and be in his company 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.030 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6318 July 17, 2018 
on many occasions, wrote, ‘Never again’ is more than a set of words. He went on to say, ‘‘It’s a prayer, a prom-ise, a vow. . . . And never again the glorification of base, ugly, dark vio-lence.’’ It also reminds us that taking re-sponsibility for stopping atrocities is incumbent on all of us. It requires us to put ourselves in the shoes of the vic-tims and to think about what we hope would be done if we were in their place, if we faced that horror, if we faced those atrocities. What would we want to be done on our behalf? The measure before us takes a step in that direction. It encourages the gov-ernment to meet regularly and take steps to predict and prevent mass atrocities. It gives strong support for the Atrocities Prevention Board. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1
1⁄2minutes to the gen-tleman from New York. Mr. CROWLEY. And it requires the training of foreign service officers on how to take steps to recognize and pre-vent genocide and other atrocities. It is not as strong a bill as Rep-resentative W
AGNER and I would have liked it to have been. I know we both wanted to see more in this bill. But, as with most legislation, this is a very important first step, upon which I know further progress will be made down the road. This is an important signal from Congress that preventing atrocities must be part and parcel of the United States foreign policy in the White House, the State Department, the in-telligence community, and throughout our government. Mr. Speaker, I strongly support its passage, and I encourage my colleagues to do so as well. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 3 minutes to the gentle-woman from Florida (Ms. R
OS- L
EHTINEN ), chair of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, as always, I thank Chairman R
OYCE and Ranking Member E
NGEL for their work in always bringing forth solid, bipar-tisan bills to the House floor. Mr. Speaker, I offer my full support for Ambassador A
NNWAGNER ’s bill be-fore us today, H.R. 3030, the Elie Wiesel Genocide and Atrocities Prevention Act of 2018, of which I am proud to be a cosponsor. This bill takes necessary and overdue steps to make preventing genocide and other atrocities a priority in our foreign policy. Indeed, this bill makes it clear that it will be the policy of the United States that the preven-tion of genocide and other atrocities is not only in our national security inter-ests, but it is a core moral responsi-bility for us to do so. Far too often, these acts have been met with indifference, indifference from responsible nations and indiffer-ence from those who are not directly impacted by the mass murders and the torment and the destruction. Elie Wiesel, this bill’s namesake, chal-lenged us to always take sides, to not allow indifference or neutrality to dic-tate our actions. As he said, ‘‘Neu-trality helps the oppressor, never the victim. Silence encourages the tor-mentor, never the tormented.’’ Our values and ideals as Americans dictate that we must do what we can to prevent genocide, to prevent atrocities, and to prevent human rights viola-tions. This bill enshrines those prin-ciples. It ensures that the United States is at the forefront of the fight against these crimes against humanity, and will use the full weight and force of our foreign policy to prevent them from ever happening again. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ambassador WAGNER for authoring this bill, I thank the chairman and the ranking member for bringing this bill to the floor today, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ ). Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I want to add my voice to commend Congresswoman W
AGNER , Congressman E
NGEL , and Congressman C
ROWLEY for working in a bipartisan fashion to put together this important legislation. This legislation firmly establishes that official United States policy is to prevent genocide and other criminal atrocities, and makes certain that it is treated as a core national security in-terest by supporting the programs that can help avert the deaths of innocents around our globe. Representing one of the largest popu-lations of holocaust survivors in the Nation is one of my greatest privileges as a Member of Congress. To honor these survivors, and to honor the 6 mil-lion Jews who did not survive, we must do everything in our power to prevent another atrocity like the one they ex-perienced. When we commemorate the Holo-caust, we make a sacred promise to ourselves and to all of our neighbors by saying and committing to ‘‘Never again.’’ This legislation puts real weight behind those words. From the brutal lessons we have learned from crimes against humanity that span continents and centuries, we must forge a brighter future. Jewish tradition compels us to per-form tzedakah—acts of justice—and we are driven by tikkun olam—repairing the world. We have a responsibility to be a voice for those who cannot speak for themselves, to make the world a better place. But these values are not unique to Jews or to Judaism. They are values we all strive to share. Our Nation has the unique capability to prevent these tragedies before they unfold. Elie Wiesel, who I was privileged to know, the rightful namesake of this legislation, wrote, ‘‘We must take sides. Neutrality helps the oppressor, never the victim. Silence encourages the tormentor, never the tormented.’’ When this bill becomes law, we can take comfort in knowing the United States of America is taking sides, is not neutral, and is not silent in the face of inhumanity. When we are faced with bigotry and hate, with war crimes and crimes against humanity, with ethnic cleansing and genocide, the United States must always remain a beacon of hope for justice, freedom, and peace. With this bill, we do just that. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to be an original cosponsor of this measure, and I thank Ambassador WAGNER and Representative C ROWLEY  for their work. This bill will equip our government with the tools to better monitor and, hopefully, prevent genocide. It passed our committee with an unanimous bi-partisan voice vote. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support it, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself the remainder of my time. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I thank my colleague, Congresswoman A
NNWAG-
NER, for her leadership on this impor-tant bill. I also thank the ranking member of the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee, Mr. E
NGEL , for his support, along with Mr. S
HERMAN , on this bill. Passage of this legislation sends a strong message of the continuing U.S. commitment to respond to genocide and to respond to mass atrocities as they emerge, with effective and coordi-nated programs that will best protect the most vulnerable. The U.S. must be a world leader in efforts to prevent genocide and crimes against humanity. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support passage, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3030, the Elie Wiesel Genocide and Atrocities Prevention Act of 2017, sponsored by my friend A
NNWAG-
NER. This bill will greatly strengthen our efforts to anticipate, prevent, and mitigate genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes. Wherever there are atrocities being com-mitted, or at risk of being committed, our for-eign service officers are also often serving on the front lines. What H.R. 3030 would ensure is that they have the right training to recognize and respond to early warning signs of such crimes. This legislation will also strengthen Con-gressional oversight by requiring the President to annually report on what is happening on the ground, how the United States has responded, and recommendations for strengthening the U.S. response. I commend my colleague for naming this bill after the late, iconic Holocaust survivor Elie Wiesel. He spoke so powerfully about the unique, persistent evil of anti-Semitism that generated the Holocaust, warning that ‘‘the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.079 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6319 July 17, 2018 
antisemite is by definition ideologically fanatic and pathologically racist . . . an antisemite is someone who has never met me, never heard of me, yet he hates me.’’ Mr. Wiesel and I worked together at the his-toric 2004 Berlin conference of the Organiza-tion for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE). There, 55 participating governments committed to taking specific actions to combat anti-Semitism. In 2002, I led the original Con-gressional push to place combating anti-Semi-tism at the top of the OSCE agenda, and I was proud to lead this movement once again in 2004, together with parliamentarians from Germany, the UK, and France—and Mr. Wiesel. In his 2004 Berlin keynote address, Mr. Wiesel said, ‘‘We know . . . that anti-Semi-tism is dangerous not only to Jews but to countries too, where it is allowed to flourish . . . When a Jew is slapped in the face, hu-mankind itself falls to ground . . . Anti-semitism is rooted in hatred; its language is a language of hatred, its doctrine is filled with hatred—and hatred by its nature, always runs overboard, crossing geographical boundaries and ethnic affiliations. It is a contagious dis-ease.’’ Mr. Speaker, Mr. Wiesel dedicated his life to exposing the insidiousness of anti-Semitism and working to prevent other genocides, in-cluding those in Bosnia, Rwanda, and Sudan. Named for him, the Elie Wiesel Genocide and Atrocities Prevention Act offers new ways for us to strengthen our fight against genocide, and I am proud to cosponsor this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3030, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
PROTECTING DIPLOMATS FROM SURVEILLANCE THROUGH CON-SUMER DEVICES ACT Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4989) to require the Department of State to establish a pol-icy regarding the use of location-track-ing consumer devices by employees at diplomatic and consular facilities, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4989 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Protecting Diplomats from Surveillance Through Con-sumer Devices Act’’. 
SEC. 2. SECURE UNITED STATES DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR FACILITIES AGAINST CYBERSURVEILLANCE. 
(a) P OLICY ON LOCATION -TRACKING CON-
SUMER DEVICES .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall establish a policy on the use of location-tracking consumer de-vices, including GPS-enabled devices, at United States diplomatic and consular facili-ties by United States Government employ-ees, contractors, locally employed staff and members of other agencies deployed to or stationed at such facilities. (b) SECURITY BRIEFING .—Existing and new employees at United States diplomatic and consular facilities, including contractors, lo-cally employed staff, and members of other agencies deployed to or stationed at such fa-cilities, shall, as a part of the security brief-ings provided to such employees, be informed of the policy described in subsection (a) and given instructions on the use of location- tracking consumer devices both on and off the premises of such facilities. (c) C
OORDINATION .—The Secretary of State may coordinate with the heads of any other agencies whose employees are deployed to or stationed at United States diplomatic and consular facilities in the formulation of the policy described in subsection (a) and the dissemination of such policy pursuant to subsection (b). (d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 30 days after the formulation of the policy described in subsection (a), the Secretary of State shall submit to the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Sen-ate a report on the details of such policy. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-tleman from California (Mr. S
HERMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ). Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. First, I thank Mr. C
ASTRO and Mr. M
CCAUL, the co-authors of this legisla-tion. I know Mr. M
CCAULknows some of the dangers that our diplomats face overseas. In his past service to the United States, he has been in parts of this dangerous world, and this is what our diplomats face. As they work to prevent armed conflict, there are armed combatants on the other side of those issues. As they try to combat ter-rorism, as they are working out there to empower women or to open new markets for U.S. exports, they are in tough environments. In turn, it is our job to ensure that our diplomats have the information and resources they need to stay safe while they serve our country overseas. b1700 Now more than ever, everyday de-vices such as smartphones include loca-tion tracking capabilities. While these are enormously useful tools, they also, obviously, present security concerns as users’ locations can then be tracked by others, by hostiles. For the thousands of State Depart-ment employees who work overseas, this is a real concern. It is a real secu-rity risk. While the State Department has longstanding and thorough policies on the use of these devices while in em-bassies and in consulates, the Depart-ment has no such policy to guide per-sonnel outside Department grounds. And that is where we send them, out-side the Department grounds. So the bill before us today addresses this security gap. It mandates that the State Department develop a com-prehensive, modernized policy on de-vices that contain tracking capability. It also requires that all current and fu-ture diplomatic staff be briefed on the new policy and current best practices for using devices that are enabled with local tracking features. The objective is to build in a culture of safety and self-awareness. Technology is advancing every day, and we must not allow our agencies to expose personnel to new risks. I urge my colleagues to support this act, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 4989, the Pro-tecting Diplomats from Surveillance Through Consumer Devices Act. This bill, again, passed our committee by unanimous, bipartisan voice vote. I want to begin by thanking Mr. CAS-
TRO, and also others, for introducing this legislation. I am pleased to be one of the cosponsors. This bill aims to ensure the Depart-ment of State has policies in place to prevent our adversaries from tracking the locations of our Foreign Service of-ficers through their electronic devices. From fitness trackers, to smartwatches, to phones, most of us have at least one device that could be used to track us with the right tech-nology that has GPS capacities. Many of us would literally be lost without these devices, but they could pose a se-curity risk. This is especially true for our diplomats overseas whose locations and travels can reveal sensitive infor-mation sources. Location information is a potential gold mine to our adver-saries. This commonsense measure would make sure that the Secretary of State has a policy in place on the safe use of consumer electronic devices by our dip-lomatic and consular facilities and per-sonnel. It would require proper train-ing for employees and contractors, and ensure that the policy is coordinated across all parts of our government that use our diplomatic and consular facili-ties. This bill would also improve congres-sional oversight of this policy. This bill will reduce the security risks associated with GPS devices and other consumer electronic device. I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL), chairman of the Committee on Homeland Security, a senior member of the Foreign Affairs Committee, and the coauthor of this measure. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this bill, the Pro-tecting Diplomats from Surveillance Through Consumer Devices Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.022 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6320 July 17, 2018 
Earlier this year, a private sector analysis revealed the risks of using wearable technologies, such as Fitbits and Apple Watches, which use GPS tracking. As the report stated, re-searchers were able to track the move-ments of the deployed troops in over-seas locations. This, obviously, poses an enormous national security risk for our soldiers serving abroad. Enemies could track patrol routes or discover the locations of secret foreign installments. This exposure puts our diplomats at risk as well. We have men and women engaging in diplomatic efforts all over the world, often in sensitive and high- risk areas. We must not make it easier for our enemies to track their move-ments. As such, our bill requires the Depart-ment of State to establish a policy on use of location-tracking devices by dip-lomats at U.S. facilities around the world. As the chairman said, many of us here have been to these hot spots— Iraq, Pakistan, Afghanistan, Egypt, Tunisia. I got briefed by the Libyan team in exile after Benghazi. And they deserve to be protected. This bill will do just that. I would like to thank my good friend Congressman C
ASTRO for his friendship and leadership on this issue, as well as Chairman R
OYCE and Ranking Member E
NGEL on this important legislation. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ASTRO ), the author of the bill. Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman R
OYCE , Ranking Mem-ber E
NGEL , subcommittee Ranking Member S
HERMAN , also my colleague from Texas and the coauthor, Rep-resentative M
CCAUL. I thank them for all of their hard work on this. Every day, diplomats work to ad-vance the interests of the United States, often at embassies and con-sulates in the most dangerous pockets of the world. They risk their lives to be our Nation’s frontline civilians and are faced with having to adapt to changing technologies that often come with se-curity risks. As Members of Congress, and espe-cially those who conduct oversight of the United States State Department, we must protect our diplomats who serve our Nation from any threats posed by evolving technology, includ-ing fitness trackers, for example, that expose location. That is why I joined my fellow Texan, Chairman M
ICHAEL MCCAUL, to introduce the Protecting Diplomats from Surveillance Through Consumer Devices Act. This bill requires the State Department to account for these devices in the security policies of U.S. embassies and consulates worldwide and update embassy and consulate se-curity policies by addressing vulnera-bilities associated with location-track-ing consumer devices worn by diplo-matic personnel. These frontline civilians risk their lives in service to the United States. As lawmakers, we have a responsibility to ensure these brave diplomats and de-velopment workers have the protec-tions they deserve. I am glad to see this bill being con-sidered on the House floor today, and I request and urge the support of all of my colleagues. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 4989 is commonsense legislation that will improve the safety of U.S. personnel overseas. I want to commend the chair and the ranking member for bringing this through our committee, and commend Mr. CASTRO of Texas and Mr. M
CCAUL of Texas for their hard work in creating this legislation. This bill will ensure that the State Department is addressing the risks as-sociated with consumer devices that can be used, in some cases, to track the locations of those who own them. This bill passed with a unanimous, bipartisan voice vote in our com-mittee. I commend it to my colleagues. I will support this measure. I urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Our diplomats serve in some of the most dangerous parts of the world. They advance U.S. interests overseas, and while they serve our Nation over-seas, it is our job here to ensure that they have the information and re-sources that they need to stay safe. So I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this timely bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4989, Protecting Dip-lomats from Surveillance Through Consumer Devices Act. H.R. 4989 directs the Department of State to: (1) establish a policy on the use of loca-tion-tracking consumer devices, including GPS-enabled devices, at U.S. diplomatic and consular facilities by U.S. government employ-ees, contractors, locally employed staff, and members of other agencies deployed to or stationed at such facilities; and (2) submit a related report to Congress. This bill states that existing and new em-ployees at such facilities shall, as a part of their security briefings, be informed of such policy and given instructions on the use of lo-cation-tracking consumer devices on and off facility premises. The State Department may coordinate pol-icy formulation with other agencies whose em-ployees are deployed to or stationed at U.S. diplomatic and consular facilities. The public release earlier this year of GPS tracking data from the American fitness com-pany Strava revealed highly sensitive informa-tion on U.S. activities abroad, such as military base locations, jogging paths of personnel lo-cated at these bases and, in many cases, also identified paths with individual accounts. This data was collected from wearable elec-tronic devices such as Fitbits and other tech-nologies and presents a glaring security vul-nerability that our adversaries may exploit to undermine our interests, thereby putting our personnel serving abroad at extreme risk. While the issue has most seriously affected U.S. military installations, in lieu of a policy on the use of these devices, State Department personnel remain at risk as well. As such, H.R. 4989 requires the Department of State to establish and disseminate a policy on the use of location-tracking consumer de-vices by diplomats and other employees at U.S. embassies and consular facilities outside the United States. This is a commonsense step to ensure we are doing all we can to protect our diplomatic personnel serving our nation abroad. Our enemies and adversaries work around the clock to undermine our interests. We should not make it any easier for them. I thank my colleague and good friend, Con-gressman J
OAQUIN CASTRO , for introducing this important legislation. By passing H.R. 4989, we can help ensure the safety of our nation’s dutiful diplomats. I urge my colleagues to join me in voting for H.R. 4989. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P
OE of Texas). The question is on the mo-tion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4989. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
BETTER UTILIZATION OF INVEST-MENTS LEADING TO DEVELOP-MENT ACT OF 2018 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5105) to establish the United States International Develop-ment Finance Corporation, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5105 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Better Utilization of Investments Lead-ing to Development Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘BUILD Act of 2018’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Definitions. TITLE I—ESTABLISHMENT Sec. 101. Statement of policy. Sec. 102. United States International Devel-opment Finance Corporation. Sec. 103. Management of Corporation. Sec. 104. Inspector General of the Corpora-tion. Sec. 105. Independent accountability mecha-nism. TITLE II—AUTHORITIES Sec. 201. Authorities relating to provision of support. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.083 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6321 July 17, 2018 
Sec. 202. Terms and conditions. Sec. 203. Payment of losses. Sec. 204. Termination. TITLE III—ADMINISTRATIVE AND GENERAL PROVISIONS Sec. 301. Operations. Sec. 302. Corporate powers. Sec. 303. Maximum contingent liability. Sec. 304. Corporate funds. Sec. 305. Coordination with other develop-ment agencies. TITLE IV—MONITORING, EVALUATION, AND REPORTING Sec. 401. Establishment of risk and audit committees. Sec. 402. Performance measures, evaluation, and learning. Sec. 403. Annual report. Sec. 404. Publicly available project informa-tion. Sec. 405. Engagement with investors. Sec. 406. Notification of support to be pro-vided by the Corporation. TITLE V—CONDITIONS, RESTRICTIONS, AND PROHIBITIONS Sec. 501. Limitations and preferences. Sec. 502. Additionality and avoidance of market distortion. Sec. 503. Prohibition on support in sanc-tioned countries and with sanc-tioned persons. Sec. 504. Penalties for misrepresentation, fraud, and bribery. TITLE VI—TRANSITIONAL PROVISIONS Sec. 601. Definitions. Sec. 602. Reorganization plan. Sec. 603. Transfer of functions. Sec. 604. Termination of Overseas Private Investment Corporation and other superceded authorities. Sec. 605. Transitional authorities. Sec. 606. Savings provisions. Sec. 607. Other terminations. Sec. 608. Incidental transfers. Sec. 609. Reference. Sec. 610. Conforming amendments. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. (2) L
ESS DEVELOPED COUNTRY .—The term ‘‘less developed country’’ means a country with a low-income economy, lower-middle- income economy, or upper-middle-income economy, as defined by the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and the International Development Associa-tion (collectively referred to as the ‘‘World Bank’’). (3) P
REDECESSOR AUTHORITY .—The term ‘‘predecessor authority’’ means authorities repealed by title VI. (4) Q
UALIFYING SOVEREIGN ENTITY .—The term ‘‘qualifying sovereign entity’’ means— (A) any agency or instrumentality of a for-eign state (as defined in section 1603 of title 28, United States Code) that has a purpose that is similar to the purpose of the Corpora-tion as described in section 102(b); or (B) any international financial institution (as defined in section 1701(c) of the Inter-national Financial Institutions Act (22 U.S.C. 262r(c))). TITLE I—ESTABLISHMENT 
SEC. 101. STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
It is the policy of the United States to fa-cilitate market-based private sector develop-ment and economic growth in less developed countries through the provision of credit, capital, and other financial support— (1) to mobilize private capital in support of sustainable, broad-based economic growth, poverty reduction, and development through demand-driven partnerships with the private sector that further the foreign policy inter-ests of the United States; (2) to finance development that builds and strengthens civic institutions, promotes competition, and provides for public ac-countability and transparency; (3) to help private sector actors overcome identifiable market gaps and inefficiencies without distorting markets; (4) to achieve clearly defined economic and social development outcomes; (5) to coordinate with institutions with purposes similar to the purposes of the Cor-poration to leverage resources of those insti-tutions to produce the greatest impact; (6) to provide countries a robust alter-native to state-directed investments by au-thoritarian governments and United States strategic competitors using high standards of transparency and environmental and so-cial safeguards, and which take into account the debt sustainability of partner countries; (7) to leverage private sector capabilities and innovative development tools to help countries transition from recipients of bilat-eral development assistance toward in-creased self-reliance; and (8) to complement and be guided by overall United States foreign policy, development, and national security objectives, taking into account the priorities and needs of countries receiving support. SEC. 102. UNITED STATES INTERNATIONAL DE-VELOPMENT FINANCE CORPORA-TION. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Executive branch the United States International Development Finance Corpora-tion (in this Act referred to as the ‘‘Corpora-tion’’), which shall be a wholly owned Gov-ernment corporation for purposes of chapter 91 of title 31, United States Code, under the foreign policy guidance of the Secretary of State. (b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the Corpora-tion shall be to mobilize and facilitate the participation of private sector capital and skills in the economic development of less developed countries, as described in sub-section (c), and countries in transition from nonmarket to market economies, in order to complement the development assistance ob-jectives, and advance the foreign policy in-terests, of the United States. In carrying out its purpose, the Corporation, utilizing broad criteria, shall take into account in its fi-nancing operations the economic and finan-cial soundness and development objectives of projects for which it provides support under title II. (c) L
ESSDEVELOPED COUNTRY FOCUS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Corporation shall prioritize the provision of support under title II in less developed countries with a low-in-come economy or a lower-middle-income economy. (2) S
UPPORT IN UPPER -MIDDLE -INCOME COUN -
TRIES .—The Corporation shall restrict the provision of support under title II in a less developed country with an upper-middle-in-come economy unless— (A) the President certifies to the appro-priate congressional committees that such support furthers the national economic or foreign policy interests of the United States; and (B) such support is likely to be highly de-velopmental or provide developmental bene-fits to the poorest population of that coun-try. SEC. 103. MANAGEMENT OF CORPORATION. 
(a) S TRUCTURE OF CORPORATION .—There shall be in the Corporation a Board of Direc-tors (in this Act referred to as the ‘‘Board’’), a Chief Executive Officer, a Deputy Chief Ex-ecutive Officer, a Chief Risk Officer, a Chief Development Officer, and such other officers as the Board may determine. (b) B
OARD OF DIRECTORS .— (1) D
UTIES .—All powers of the Corporation shall vest in and be exercised by or under the authority of the Board. The Board— (A) shall perform the functions specified to be carried out by the Board in this Act; (B) may prescribe, amend, and repeal by-laws, rules, regulations, policies, and proce-dures governing the manner in which the business of the Corporation may be con-ducted and in which the powers granted to the Corporation by law may be exercised; and (C) shall develop, in consultation with stakeholders and other interested parties, a publicly-available policy with respect to con-sultations, hearings, and other forms of en-gagement in order to provide for meaningful public participation in the Board’s activi-ties. (2) M
EMBERSHIP OF BOARD .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Board shall consist of— (i) the Chief Executive Officer of the Cor-poration; (ii) the officers specified in subparagraph (B); and (iii) four other individuals who shall be ap-pointed by the President, by and with the ad-vice and consent of the Senate, of which— (I) one individual should be appointed from among a list of at least five individuals sub-mitted by the majority leader of the Senate after consultation with the chairman of the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Sen-ate; (II) one individual should be appointed from among a list of at least five individuals submitted by the minority leader of the Sen-ate after consultation with the ranking member of the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions of the Senate; (III) one individual should be appointed from among a list of at least five individuals submitted by the Speaker of the House of Representatives after consultation with the chairman of the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs of the House of Representatives; and (IV) one individual should be appointed from among a list of at least five individuals submitted by the minority leader of the House of Representatives after consultation with the ranking member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Represent-atives. (B) O
FFICERS SPECIFIED .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The officers specified in this subparagraph are the following: (I) The Secretary of State or a designee of the Secretary. (II) The Administrator of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment or a designee of the Administrator. (III) The Secretary of the Treasury or a designee of the Secretary. (IV) The Secretary of Commerce or a des-ignee of the Secretary. (ii) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR DESIGNEES .—A des- ignee under clause (i) shall be selected from among officers— (I) appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate; (II) whose duties relate to the programs of the Corporation; and (III) who is designated by and serving at the pleasure of the President. (C) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR NONGOVERNMENT  
MEMBERS .—A member of the Board described in subparagraph (A)(iii)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.024 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6322 July 17, 2018 
(i) may not be an officer or employee of the United States Government; (ii) shall have relevant experience, which may include experience relating to the pri-vate sector, the environment, labor organiza-tions, or international development, to carry out the purpose of the Corporation; (iii) shall be appointed for a term of 3 years and may be reappointed for one additional term; (iv) shall serve until the member’s suc-cessor is appointed and confirmed; (v) shall be compensated at a rate equiva-lent to that of level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United States Code, when engaged in the business of the Corporation; and (vi) may be paid per diem in lieu of subsist-ence at the applicable rate under the Federal Travel Regulation under subtitle F of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations, from time to time, while away from the home or usual place of business of the member. (3) C
HAIRPERSON .—There shall be a Chair-person of the Board designated by the Presi-dent from among the individuals described in paragraph (2)(A). (4) V
ICE CHAIRPERSON .—The Administrator of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development, or the designee of the Administrator under paragraph (2)(B)(i)(II), shall serve as the Vice Chairperson of the Board. (5) Q
UORUM .—Five members of the Board shall constitute a quorum for the trans-action of business by the Board. (c) P
UBLIC HEARINGS .— (1) P
UBLIC HEARINGS BY THE BOARD .—The Board shall hold at least one public hearing each year in order to afford an opportunity for any person to present views with respect to whether— (A) the Corporation is carrying out its ac-tivities in accordance with this Act; and (B) any support provided by the Corpora-tion under title II in any country should be suspended, expanded, or extended. (2) A
DDITIONAL PUBLIC HEARINGS .—In con- junction with each meeting of the Board, the Corporation shall hold a public hearing in order to afford an opportunity for any person to present views regarding the activities of the Corporation. Such views shall be made part of the record. (d) C
HIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER .— (1) A
PPOINTMENT .—There shall be in the Corporation a Chief Executive Officer, who shall be appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, and who shall serve at the pleasure of the President. (2) A
UTHORITIES AND DUTIES .—The Chief Ex-ecutive Officer shall be responsible for the management of the Corporation and shall ex-ercise the powers and discharge the duties of the Corporation subject to the bylaws, rules, regulations, and procedures established by the Board. (3) R
ELATIONSHIP TO BOARD .—The Chief Ex-ecutive Officer shall report to and be under the direct authority of the Board. (4) C
OMPENSATION .—Section 5313 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Chief Executive Officer, United States International Development Finance Corpora-tion.’’. (e) D
EPUTY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER .— There shall be in the Corporation a Deputy Chief Executive Officer, who shall be ap-pointed by the President, by and with the ad-vice and consent of the Senate, and who shall serve at the pleasure of the President. (f) C
HIEF RISKOFFICER .— (1) A
PPOINTMENT .—Subject to the approval of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation shall appoint a Chief Risk Officer, from among individuals with experi-ence at a senior level in financial risk man-agement, who— (A) shall report directly to the Board; and (B) shall be removable only by a majority vote of the Board. (2) DUTIES .—The Chief Risk Officer shall, in coordination with the audit committee of the Board established under section 401, de-velop, implement, and manage a comprehen-sive process for identifying, assessing, moni-toring, and limiting risks to the Corpora-tion, including the overall portfolio diver-sification of the Corporation. (g) C
HIEF DEVELOPMENT OFFICER .— (1) A
PPOINTMENT .—Subject to the approval of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, in conjunction with the Administrator of the United States Agency for International De-velopment, shall appoint a Chief Develop-ment Officer, from among individuals with experience in development, who— (A) shall report directly to the Board; and (B) shall be removable only by a majority vote of the Board. (2) D
UTIES .—The Chief Development Officer shall— (A) coordinate the Corporation’s develop-ment policies and implementation efforts with the United States Agency for Inter-national Development, the Millennium Chal-lenge Corporation, and other relevant United States Government departments and agen-cies, including directly liaising with mis-sions of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development, to ensure that de-partments, agencies, and missions have training, awareness, and access to the Cor-poration’s tools in relation to development policy and projects in countries; (B) under the guidance of the Chief Execu-tive Officer, manage employees of the Cor-poration that are dedicated to structuring, monitoring and evaluating transactions and projects co-designed with the United States Agency for International Development and other relevant United States Government de-partments and agencies; (C) authorize and coordinate transfers of funds or other resources to and from such agencies, departments, or missions upon the concurrence of those institutions in support of the Corporation’s projects or activities; and (D) coordinate and implement the activi-ties of the Corporation under section 405. (h) O
FFICERS AND EMPLOYEES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this section, officers, employees, and agents shall be selected and appointed by the Corporation, and shall be vested with such powers and duties as the Corporation may determine. (2) A
DMINISTRATIVELY DETERMINED EMPLOY -
EES.— (A) A
PPOINTMENT ; COMPENSATION ; RE-
MOVAL .—Of officers and employees employed by the Corporation under paragraph (1), not more than 50 may be appointed, com-pensated, or removed without regard to title 5, United States Code. (B) R
EINSTATEMENT .—Under such regula-tions as the President may prescribe, officers and employees appointed to a position under subparagraph (A) may be entitled, upon re-moval from such position (unless the re-moval was for cause), to reinstatement to the position occupied at the time of appoint-ment or to a position of comparable grade and salary. (C) A
DDITIONAL POSITIONS .—Positions au-thorized by subparagraph (A) shall be in ad-dition to those otherwise authorized by law, including positions authorized under section 5108 of title 5, United States Code. (D) R
ATES OF PAY FOR OFFICERS AND EM -
PLOYEES .—The Corporation may set and ad-just rates of basic pay for officers and em-ployees appointed under subparagraph (A) without regard to the provisions of chapter 51 or subchapter III of chapter 53 of title 5, United States Code, relating to classification of positions and General Schedule pay rates, respectively. (3) LIABILITY OF EMPLOYEES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—An individual who is a member of the Board or an officer or em-ployee of the Corporation has no liability under this Act with respect to any claim arising out of or resulting from any act or omission by the individual within the scope of the employment of the individual in con-nection with any transaction by the Cor-poration. (B) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Subparagraph (A) shall not be construed to limit personal liability of an individual for criminal acts or omissions, willful or malicious misconduct, acts or omissions for private gain, or any other acts or omissions outside the scope of the individual’s employment. (C) S
AVINGS PROVISION .—This paragraph shall not be construed— (i) to affect— (I) any other immunities and protections that may be available to an individual de-scribed in subparagraph (A) under applicable law with respect to a transaction described in that subparagraph; or (II) any other right or remedy against the Corporation, against the United States under applicable law, or against any person other than an individual described in subparagraph (A) participating in such a transaction; or (ii) to limit or alter in any way the immu-nities that are available under applicable law for Federal officers and employees not described in this paragraph. 
SEC. 104. INSPECTOR GENERAL OF THE COR-PORATION. 
The President shall appoint and maintain an Inspector General in the Corporation, in accordance with the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.). 
SEC. 105. INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTABILITY MECHANISM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Board shall establish a transparent and independent account-ability mechanism. (b) F
UNCTIONS .—The independent account-ability mechanism established pursuant to subsection (a) shall— (1) annually evaluate and report to the Board and Congress regarding compliance with environmental, social, labor, human rights, and transparency standards, con-sistent with Corporation statutory man-dates; (2) provide a forum for resolving concerns regarding the impacts of specific Corpora-tion-supported projects with respect to such standards; and (3) provide advice regarding Corporation projects, policies, and practices. TITLE II—AUTHORITIES 
SEC. 201. AUTHORITIES RELATING TO PROVISION OF SUPPORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The authorities in this title should only be exercised to— (1) carry out of the policy of the United States in section 101 and the purpose of the Corporation in section 102; (2) mitigate risks to United States tax-payers by sharing risks with the private sec-tor and qualifying sovereign entities through co-financing and structuring of tools; and (3) ensure that support provided under this title is additional to private sector resources by mobilizing private capital that would oth-erwise not be deployed without such support. (b) L
ENDING AND GUARANTIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Corporation may make loans or guaranties upon such terms and conditions as the Corporation may de-termine. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.024 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6323 July 17, 2018 
(2) D ENOMINATION .—Loans and guaranties issued under paragraph (1) may be denomi-nated and repayable in United States dollars or foreign currencies. Foreign currency de-nominated loans and guaranties should only be provided if the Board determines there is a substantive policy rationale for such loans and guaranties. (3) A
PPLICABILITY OF FEDERAL CREDIT RE -
FORM ACT OF 1990 .—Loans and guaranties issued under paragraph (1) shall be subject to the requirements of the Federal Credit Re-form Act of 1990 (2 U.S.C. 661 et seq.). (c) E
QUITY INVESTMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Corporation may, as a minority investor, support projects with funds or use other mechanisms for the pur-pose of purchasing, and may make and fund commitments to purchase, invest in, make pledges in respect of, or otherwise acquire, equity or quasi-equity securities or shares or financial interests of any entity, including as a limited partner or other investor in in-vestment funds, upon such terms and condi-tions as the Corporation may determine. (2) D
ENOMINATION .—Support provided under paragraph (1) may be denominated and re-payable in United States dollars or foreign currency. Foreign currency denominated support provided by paragraph (1) should only be provided if the Board determines there is a substantive policy rationale for such support. (3) G
UIDELINES AND CRITERIA .—The Cor- poration shall develop guidelines and cri-teria to require that the use of the authority provided by paragraph (1) with respect to a project has a clearly defined development and foreign policy purpose, taking into ac-count the following objectives: (A) The support for the project would be more likely than not to substantially reduce or overcome the effect of an identified mar-ket failure in the country in which the project is carried out. (B) The project would not have proceeded or would have been substantially delayed without the support. (C) The support would meaningfully con-tribute to transforming local conditions to promote the development of markets. (D) The support can be shown to be aligned with commercial partner incentives. (E) The support can be shown to have sig-nificant developmental impact and will con-tribute to long-term commercial sustain-ability. (F) The support furthers the policy of the United States described in section 101. (4) L
IMITATIONS ON EQUITY INVESTMENTS .— (A) P
ER PROJECT LIMIT .—The aggregate amount of support provided under this sub-section with respect to any project shall not exceed 30 percent of the aggregate amount of all equity investment made from any source to the project at the time that the Corpora-tion approves support of the project. (B) T
OTAL LIMIT .—Support provided pursu-ant to this subsection shall be limited to not more than 35 percent of the Corporation’s ag-gregate exposure on the date that such sup-port is provided. (5) S
ALES AND LIQUIDATION OF POSITION .— The Corporation shall seek to sell and liq-uidate any support for a project provided under this subsection as soon as commer-cially feasible, commensurate with other similar investors in the project and taking into consideration the national security in-terests of the United States. (6) T
IMETABLE .—The Corporation shall cre-ate a project-specific timetable for support provided under paragraph (1). (d) I
NSURANCE AND REINSURANCE .—The Cor- poration may issue insurance or reinsurance, upon such terms and conditions as the Cor-poration may determine, to private sector entities and qualifying sovereign entities as-suring protection of their investments in whole or in part against any or all political risks such as currency inconvertibility and transfer restrictions, expropriation, war, ter-rorism, civil disturbance, breach of contract, or nonhonoring of financial obligations. (e) PROMOTION OF AND SUPPORT FOR PRI-
VATE INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In order to carry out the purpose of the Corporation described in sec-tion 102(b), the Corporation may initiate and support, through financial participation, in-centive grant, or otherwise, and on such terms and conditions as the Corporation may determine, feasibility studies for the plan-ning, development, and management of, and procurement for, potential bilateral and multilateral development projects eligible for support under this title, including train-ing activities undertaken in connection with such projects, for the purpose of promoting investment in such projects and the identi-fication, assessment, surveying, and pro-motion of private investment opportunities, utilizing wherever feasible and effective, the facilities of private investors. (2) C
ONTRIBUTIONS TO COSTS .—The Corpora-tion shall, to the maximum extent prac-ticable, require any person receiving funds under the authorities of this subsection to— (A) share the costs of feasibility studies and other project planning services funded under this subsection; and (B) reimburse the Corporation those funds provided under this section, if the person succeeds in project implementation. (f) S
PECIAL PROJECTS AND PROGRAMS .—The Corporation may administer and manage special projects and programs in support of specific transactions undertaken by the Cor-poration, including programs of financial and advisory support that provide private technical, professional, or managerial assist-ance in the development of human resources, skills, technology, capital savings, or inter-mediate financial and investment institu-tions or cooperatives and including the initi-ation of incentives, grants, and studies for renewable energy, women’s economic em-powerment, microenterprise households, or other small business activities. (g) E
NTERPRISE FUNDS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Corporation may, fol-lowing consultation with the Secretary of State, the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment, and the heads of other relevant de-partments or agencies, establish and operate enterprise funds in accordance with this sub-section. (2) P
ROCEDURES AND REQUIREMENTS .—The provisions of section 201 of the Support for East European Democracy (SEED) Act of 1989 (22 U.S.C. 5421) (other than the provi-sions of subsections (a), (b), (c), (d)(1), (d)(3), (e), (f), and (j) of that section), shall be deemed to apply with respect to any enter-prise fund established by the Corporation under this subsection and to funds made available to any such enterprise fund in the same manner and to the same extent as such provisions apply with respect to enterprise funds established pursuant to such section 201 or to funds made available to enterprise funds established under that section. (3) P
URPOSES FOR WHICH SUPPORT MAY BE  
PROVIDED .—The Corporation, subject to the approval of the Board, may designate pri-vate, nonprofit organizations as eligible to receive support under this title for the fol-lowing purposes: (A) To promote development of economic freedom and private sectors, including small- and medium-sized enterprises and joint ven-tures with the United States and host coun-try participants. (B) To facilitate access to credit to small- and medium-sized enterprises with sound business plans in countries where there is limited means of accessing credit on market terms. (C) To promote policies and practices con-ducive to economic freedom and private sec-tor development. (D) To attract foreign direct investment capital to further promote private sector de-velopment and economic freedom. (E) To complement the work of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment and other donors to improve the over-all business-enabling environment, financing the creation and expansion of the private business sector. (F) To make financially sustainable invest-ments designed to generate measurable so-cial benefits and build technical capacity in addition to financial returns. (4) OPERATION OF FUNDS .— (A) E
XPENDITURES .—Funds made available to an enterprise fund shall be expended at the minimum rate necessary to make timely payments for projects and activities carried out under this subsection. (B) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—Not more than 3 percent per annum of the funds made available to an enterprise fund may be obli-gated or expended for the administrative ex-penses of the enterprise fund. (5) B
OARD OF DIRECTORS .—Each enterprise fund established under this subsection should be governed by a Board of Directors comprised of private citizens of the United States or the host country, who— (A) shall be appointed by the President after consultation with the chairmen and ranking members of the appropriate congres-sional committees; and (B) have pursued careers in international business and have demonstrated expertise in international and emerging market invest-ment activities. (6) M
AJORITY MEMBER REQUIREMENT .—The majority of the members of the Board of Di-rectors shall be United States citizens who shall have relevant experience relating to the purposes described in paragraph (3). (7) R
EPORTS .—Not later than one year after the date of the establishment of an enter-prise fund under this subsection, and annu-ally thereafter until the enterprise fund ter-minates in accordance with paragraph (10), the Board of Directors of the enterprise fund shall— (A) submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a report— (i) detailing the administrative expenses of the enterprise fund during the year pre-ceding the submission of the report; (ii) describing the operations, activities, engagement with civil society and relevant local private sector entities, development objectives and outcomes, financial condition, and accomplishments of the enterprise fund during that year; (iii) describing the results of any audit conducted under paragraph (8); and (iv) describing how audits conducted under paragraph (8) are informing the operations and activities of the enterprise fund; and (B) publish, on a publicly available inter-net website of the enterprise fund, each re-port required by subparagraph (A). (8) O
VERSIGHT .— (A) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL PERFORMANCE AU -
DITS.— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The Inspector General of the Corporation shall conduct periodic au-dits of the activities of each enterprise fund established under this subsection. (ii) C
ONSIDERATION .—In conducting an audit under clause (i), the Inspector General shall assess whether the activities of the en-terprise fund— (I) support the purposes described in para-graph (3); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.024 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6324 July 17, 2018 
(II) result in profitable private sector in-vesting; and (III) generate measurable social benefits. (B) R
ECORDKEEPING REQUIREMENTS .—The Corporation shall ensure that each enter-prise fund receiving support under this sub-section— (i) keeps separate accounts with respect to such support; and (ii) maintains such records as may be rea-sonably necessary to facilitate effective au-dits under this paragraph. (9) R
ETURN OF FUNDS TO TREASURY .—Any funds resulting from any liquidation, dis-solution, or winding up of an enterprise fund, in whole or in part, shall be returned to the Treasury of the United States. (10) T
ERMINATION .—The authority of an en-terprise fund to provide support under this subsection shall terminate on the earlier of— (A) the date that is 7 years after the date of the first expenditure of amounts from the enterprise fund; or (B) the date on which the enterprise fund is liquidated. (h) S
UPERVISION OF SUPPORT .—Support pro-vided under this title shall be subject to sec-tion 622(c) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2382(c)). 
SEC. 202. TERMS AND CONDITIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (b), support provided by the Cor-poration under this title shall be on such terms and conditions as the Corporation may prescribe. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The following require-ments apply to support provided by the Cor-poration under this title: (1) The Corporation shall provide support using authorities under this title only if it is necessary— (A) to alleviate a credit market imperfec-tion; or (B) to achieve specified development or for-eign policy objectives of the United States Government by providing support in the most efficient way to meet those objectives on a case-by-case basis. (2) The final maturity of a loan made or guaranteed by the Corporation shall not ex-ceed the lesser of— (A) 25 years; or (B) debt servicing capabilities of the project to be financed by the loan (as deter-mined by the Corporation). (3) The Corporation shall, with respect to providing any loan guaranty to a project, re-quire the parties to the project to bear the risk of loss in an amount equal to at least 20 percent of the guaranteed support by the Corporation in the project. (4) The Corporation may not make or guar-antee a loan unless the Corporation deter-mines that the borrower or lender is respon-sible and that adequate provision is made for servicing the loan on reasonable terms and protecting the financial interest of the United States. (5) The interest rate for direct loans and interest supplements on guaranteed loans shall be set by reference to a benchmark in-terest rate (yield) on marketable Treasury securities or other widely recognized or ap-propriate benchmarks with a similar matu-rity to the loans being made or guaranteed, as determined in consultation with the Di-rector of the Office of Management and Budget and the Secretary of the Treasury. The Corporation shall establish appropriate minimum interest rates for loans, guaran-ties, and other instruments as necessary. (6) The minimum interest rate for new loans as established by the Corporation shall be adjusted periodically to take account of changes in the interest rate of the bench-mark financial instrument. (7)(A) The Corporation shall set fees or pre-miums for support provided under this title at levels that minimize the cost to the Gov-ernment while supporting achievement of the objectives of support. (B) The Corporation shall review fees for loan guaranties periodically to ensure that the fees assessed on new loan guaranties are at a level sufficient to cover the Corpora-tion’s most recent estimates of its costs. (8) Any loan guaranty provided by the Cor-poration shall be conclusive evidence that— (A) the guaranty has been properly ob-tained; (B) the loan qualified for the guaranty; and (C) but for fraud or material misrepresen-tation by the holder of the guaranty, the guaranty is presumed to be valid, legal, and enforceable. (9) The Corporation shall prescribe explicit standards for use in periodically assessing the credit risk of new and existing direct loans or guaranteed loans. (10) The Corporation may not make loans or loan guaranties except to the extent that budget authority to cover the costs of the loans or guaranties is provided in advance in an appropriations Act, as required by section 504 of the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990 (2 U.S.C. 661c). (11) The Corporation shall rely upon spe-cific standards to assess the developmental and strategic value of projects for which it provides support and should only provide the minimum level of support necessary in order to support such projects. (12) Any loan or loan guaranty made by the Corporation should be provided on a senior basis or pari passu with other senior debt un-less there is a substantive policy rationale to provide such support otherwise. 
SEC. 203. PAYMENT OF LOSSES. 
(a) P AYMENTS FOR DEFAULTS ON GUARAN -
TEED LOANS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If the Corporation deter-mines that the holder of a loan guaranteed by the Corporation suffers a loss as a result of a default by a borrower on the loan, the Corporation shall pay to the holder the per-cent of the loss, as specified in the guaranty contract after the holder of the loan has made such further collection efforts and in-stituted such enforcement proceedings as the Corporation may require. (2) S
UBROGATION .—Upon making a payment described in paragraph (1), the Corporation shall ensure the Corporation will be sub-rogated to all the rights of the recipient of the payment. (3) R
ECOVERY EFFORTS .—The Corporation shall pursue recovery from the borrower of the amount of any payment made under paragraph (1) with respect to the loan. (b) L
IMITATION ON PAYMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided by paragraph (2), compensation for insurance, reinsurance, or a guaranty issued under this title shall not exceed the dollar value of the tangible or intangible contributions or com-mitments made in the project, plus interest, earnings, or profits actually accrued on such contributions or commitments, to the extent provided by such insurance, reinsurance, or guaranty. (2) E
XCEPTION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Corporation may provide that— (i) appropriate adjustments in the insured dollar value be made to reflect the replace-ment cost of project assets; and (ii) compensation for a claim of loss under insurance of an equity investment under sec-tion 201(d) may be computed on the basis of the net book value attributable to the equity investment on the date of loss. (3) A
DDITIONAL LIMITATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding para-graph (2)(A)(ii) and except as provided in subparagraph (B), the Corporation shall limit the amount of direct insurance and re-insurance issued under section 201 with re-spect to a project so as to require that the insured and its affiliates bear the risk of loss for at least 10 percent of the amount of the Corporation’s exposure to that insured and its affiliates in the project. (B) EXCEPTION .—The limitation under sub-paragraph (A) shall not apply to direct insur-ance or reinsurance of loans provided by banks or other financial institutions to unre-lated parties. (c) A
CTIONS BY ATTORNEY GENERAL .—The Attorney General shall take such action as may be appropriate to enforce any right ac-cruing to the United States as a result of the issuance of any loan or guaranty under this title. (d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to preclude any forbearance for the benefit of a borrower that may be agreed upon by the parties to a loan guaranteed by the Corporation if budget authority for any resulting costs to the United States Government (as defined in sec-tion 502 of the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990 (2 U.S.C. 661a)) is available. 
SEC. 204. TERMINATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The authorities provided under this title terminate on the date that is 7 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (b) T
ERMINATION OF CORPORATION .—The Corporation shall terminate on the date on which the portfolio of the Corporation is liq-uidated. TITLE III—ADMINISTRATIVE AND GENERAL PROVISIONS 
SEC. 301. OPERATIONS. 
(a) B ILATERAL AGREEMENTS .—The Corpora-tion may provide support under title II in connection with projects in any country the government of which has entered into an agreement with the United States author-izing the Corporation to provide such sup-port in that country. (b) C
LAIMS SETTLEMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Claims arising as a result of support provided under title II or under predecessor authority may be settled, and disputes arising as a result thereof may be arbitrated with the consent of the parties, on such terms and conditions as the Corpora-tion may determine. (2) S
ETTLEMENTS CONCLUSIVE .—Payment made pursuant to any settlement pursuant to paragraph (1), or as a result of an arbitra-tion award, shall be final and conclusive not-withstanding any other provision of law. (c) P
RESUMPTION OF COMPLIANCE .—Each contract executed by such officer or officers as may be designated by the Board shall be conclusively presumed to be issued in com-pliance with the requirements of this Act. (d) E
LECTRONIC PAYMENTS AND DOCU-
MENTS .—The Corporation shall implement policies to accept electronic documents and electronic payments in all of its programs. 
SEC. 302. CORPORATE POWERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Corporation— (1) may adopt, alter, and use a seal, to in-clude an identifiable symbol of the United States; (2) may make and perform such contracts, including no-cost contracts (as defined by the Corporation), grants, and other agree-ments notwithstanding division C of subtitle I of title 41, United States Code, with any person or government however designated and wherever situated, as may be necessary for carrying out the functions of the Cor-poration; (3) may lease, purchase, or otherwise ac-quire, improve, and use such real property wherever situated, as may be necessary for carrying out the functions of the Corpora-tion and which, if done for the Corporation’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.024 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6325 July 17, 2018 
own occupancy, shall be made in consulta-tion with the Administrator of General Serv-ices; (4) may accept cash gifts or donations of services or of property (real, personal, or mixed), tangible or intangible, for the pur-pose of carrying out the functions of the Cor-poration; (5) may use the United States mails in the same manner and on the same conditions as the Executive departments (as defined in section 101 of title 5, United States Code); (6) may contract with individuals for per-sonal services, who shall not be considered Federal employees for any provision of law administered by the Director of the Office of Personnel Management; (7) may hire or obtain passenger motor ve-hicles; (8) may sue and be sued in its corporate name; (9) may acquire, hold, or dispose of, upon such terms and conditions as the Corpora-tion may determine, any property, real, per-sonal, or mixed, tangible or intangible, or any interest in such property and which, if done for the Corporation’s own occupancy, shall be made in consultation with the Ad-ministrator of General Services; (10) may lease office space for the Corpora-tion’s own use, with the obligation of amounts for such lease limited to the cur-rent fiscal year for which payments are due until the expiration of the current lease under predecessor authority, as of the day before the date of the enactment of this Act; (11) may indemnify directors, officers, em-ployees, and agents of the Corporation for li-abilities and expenses incurred in connection with their activities on behalf of the Cor-poration; (12) notwithstanding any other provision of law, may represent itself or contract for rep-resentation in any legal or arbitral pro-ceeding; (13) may exercise any priority of the Gov-ernment of the United States in collecting debts from bankrupt, insolvent, or dece-dents’ estates; (14) may collect, notwithstanding section 3711(g)(1) of title 31, United States Code, or compromise any obligations assigned to or held by the Corporation, including any legal or equitable rights accruing to the Corpora-tion; (15) may make arrangements with foreign governments (including agencies, instrumen-talities, or political subdivisions of such gov-ernments) or with multilateral organizations or institutions for sharing liabilities; (16) may sell direct investments of the Cor-poration to private investors upon such terms and conditions as the Corporation may determine; and (17) shall have such other powers as may be necessary and incident to carrying out the functions of the Corporation. (b) T
REATMENT OF PROPERTY .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law relating to the acquisition, handling, or disposal of property by the United States, the Corpora-tion shall have the right in its discretion to complete, recondition, reconstruct, ren-ovate, repair, maintain, operate, or sell any property acquired by the Corporation pursu-ant to the provisions of this Act and which, if done for the Corporation’s own occupancy, shall be made in consultation with the Ad-ministrator of General Services. 
SEC. 303. MAXIMUM CONTINGENT LIABILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The maximum contingent liability of the Corporation outstanding at any one time shall not exceed in the aggre-gate the amount specified in subsection (b). (b) A
MOUNT SPECIFIED .— (1) I
NITIAL 5 -YEAR PERIOD .—The amount specified in this subsection for the 5-year pe-riod beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, is $60,000,000,000. (2) SUBSEQUENT 5 -YEAR PERIODS .—Not later than 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than every 5 years thereafter, the amount speci-fied in paragraph (1) shall be adjusted to re-flect the percentage of the increase (if any) in the average of the Consumer Price Index during the preceding 5-year period. (3) C
ONSUMER PRICE INDEX DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘Consumer Price Index’’ means the most recent Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers pub-lished by the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the Department of Labor. 
SEC. 304. CORPORATE FUNDS. 
(a) C ORPORATE CAPITAL ACCOUNT .—There is established in the Treasury of the United States a fund to be known as the ‘‘Corporate Capital Account’’ to carry out the purposes of the Corporation. (b) F
UNDING .—The Corporate Capital Ac-count shall consist of— (1) fees charged and collected pursuant to subsection (c); (2) any amounts received pursuant to sub-section (e); (3) investments and returns on such invest-ments pursuant to subsection (g); (4) unexpended balances transferred to the Corporation pursuant to subsection (i); (5) payments received in connection with settlements of all insurance and reinsurance claims of the Corporation; and (6) all other collections transferred to or earned by the Corporation, excluding the cost, as defined in section 502 of the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990 (2 U.S.C. 661a), of loans and loan guaranties. (c) F
EEAUTHORITY .—Fees may be charged and collected for providing services in amounts to be determined by the Corpora-tion. (d) U
SES.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to Acts making appropriations, the Corporation is author-ized to pay— (A) the cost, as defined in section 502 of the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990, of loans and loan guaranties; (B) administrative expenses of the Cor-poration; (C) for the cost of providing support au-thorized by subsections (c), (e), (f), and (g) of section 201; and (D) project-specific transaction costs. (2) I
NCOME AND REVENUE .—In order to carry out the purposes of the Corporation, all col-lections transferred to or earned by the Cor-poration, excluding the cost, as defined in section 502 of the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990, of loans and loan guaranties, shall be deposited into the Corporate Capital Ac-count and shall be available to carry out its purpose, including without limitation— (A) payment of all insurance and reinsur-ance claims of the Corporation; (B) repayments to the Treasury of amounts borrowed under subsection (e); and (C) dividend payments to the Treasury under subsection (f). (e) F
ULLFAITH AND CREDIT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—All support provided pur-suant to predecessor authorities or title II shall continue to constitute obligations of the United States, and the full faith and credit of the United States is hereby pledged for the full payment and performance of such obligations. (2) A
UTHORITY TO BORROW .—The Corpora-tion is authorized to borrow from the Treas-ury such sums as may be necessary to fulfill such obligations of the United States and any such borrowing shall be at a rate deter-mined by the Secretary of the Treasury, tak-ing into consideration the current average market yields on outstanding marketable obligations of the United States of com-parable maturities, for a period jointly de-termined by the Corporation and the Sec-retary, and subject to such terms and condi-tions as the Secretary may require. (f) DIVIDENDS .—The Board, in consultation with the Director of the Office of Manage-ment and Budget, shall annually assess a dividend payment to the Treasury if the Cor-poration’s insurance portfolio is more than 100 percent reserved. (g) I
NVESTMENT AUTHORITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Corporation may re-quest the Secretary of the Treasury to invest such portion of the Corporate Capital Ac-count as is not, in the Corporation’s judge-ment, required to meet the current needs of the Corporate Capital Account. (2) F
ORM OF INVESTMENTS .—Such invest-ments shall be made by the Secretary of the Treasury in public debt obligations, with maturities suitable to the needs of the Cor-porate Capital Account, as determined by the Corporation, and bearing interest at rates determined by the Secretary, taking into consideration current market yields on outstanding marketable obligations of the United States of comparable maturities. (h) C
OLLECTIONS .—Interest earnings made pursuant to subsection (g), earnings col-lected related to equity investments, and amounts, excluding fees related to insurance or reinsurance, collected pursuant to sub-section (c), shall not be collected for any fis-cal year except to the extent provided in ad-vance in appropriations Acts. (i) T
RANSFER FROM PREDECESSOR AGENCIES  
ANDPROGRAMS .—By the date end of the tran-sition period described in title VI, the unex-pended balances, assets, and responsibilities of any agency specified in the plan required by section 602 shall be transferred to the Cor-poration. (j) T
RANSFER OF FUNDS .—In order to carry out this Act, funds authorized to be appro-priated to carry out the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2151 et seq.) may be transferred to the Corporation and funds au-thorized to be appropriated to the Corpora-tion may be transferred to the Department of State and the United States Agency for International Development. (k) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘project-specific transaction costs’’— (1) means those costs incurred by the Cor-poration for travel, legal expenses, and di-rect and indirect costs incurred in claims settlements associated with the provision of support under title II and shall not be con-sidered administrative expenses for the pur-poses of this section; and (2) does not include information tech-nology (as such term is defined in section 11101 of title 40, United States Code). 
SEC. 305. COORDINATION WITH OTHER DEVELOP-MENT AGENCIES. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Cor-poration should use relevant data of the De-partment of State, the Millennium Challenge Corporation, the United States Agency for International Development, and other de-partments and agencies that have develop-ment functions to better inform the deci-sions of the Corporation with respect to pro-viding support under title II. TITLE IV—MONITORING, EVALUATION, AND REPORTING 
SEC. 401. ESTABLISHMENT OF RISK AND AUDIT COMMITTEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—To assist the Board to fulfill its duties and responsibilities under section 201(a), the Corporation shall estab-lish a risk committee and an audit com-mittee. (b) D
UTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF RISK C
OMMITTEE .—Subject to the direction of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.024 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6326 July 17, 2018 
Board, the risk committee established under subsection (a) shall have oversight responsi-bility of— (1) formulating risk management policies of the operations of the Corporation; (2) reviewing and providing guidance on op-eration of the Corporation’s global risk man-agement framework; (3) developing policies for enterprise risk management, monitoring, and management of strategic, reputational, regulatory, oper-ational, developmental, environmental, so-cial, and financial risks; (4) developing the risk profile of the Cor-poration, including a risk management and compliance framework and governance structure to support such framework; and (5) developing policies and procedures for assessing, prior to providing, and for any pe-riod during which the Corporation provides, support to any foreign entities, whether such entities have in place sufficient enhanced due diligence policies and practices to pre-vent money laundering and corruption to en-sure the Corporation does not provide sup-port to persons that are— (A) knowingly engaging in acts of corrup-tion; (B) knowingly providing material or finan-cial support for terrorism, drug trafficking, or human trafficking; or (C) responsible for ordering or otherwise directing serious or gross violations of human rights. (c) D
UTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF AUDIT C
OMMITTEE .—Subject to the direction of the Board, the audit committee established under subsection (a) shall have the oversight responsibility of— (1) the integrity of the Corporation’s finan-cial reporting and systems of internal con-trols regarding finance and accounting; (2) the integrity of the Corporation’s finan-cial statements; (3) the performance of the Corporation’s in-ternal audit function; and (4) compliance with legal and regulatory requirements related to the finances of the Corporation. 
SEC. 402. PERFORMANCE MEASURES, EVALUA-TION, AND LEARNING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Corporation shall de-velop a performance measurement system to evaluate and monitor projects supported by the Corporation under title II and to guide future projects of the Corporation. (b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In developing the performance measurement system required by subsection (a), the Corporation shall— (1) develop a successor for the development impact measurement system of the Overseas Private Investment Corporation (as such sys-tem was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act); (2) develop a mechanism for ensuring that support provided by the Corporation under title II is in addition to private investment; (3) develop standards for, and a method for ensuring, appropriate financial performance of the Corporation’s portfolio; and (4) develop standards for, and a method for ensuring, appropriate development perform-ance of the Corporation’s portfolio, includ-ing— (A) measurement of the projected and ex post development impact of a project; and (B) the information necessary to comply with section 403. (c) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY OF CERTAIN INFOR -
MATION .—The Corporation shall make avail-able to the public on a regular basis informa-tion about support provided by the Corpora-tion under title II and performance metrics about such support on a country-by-country basis. (d) C
OLLABORATION .—In developing the per-formance measurement system required by subsection (a), the Corporation shall consult with stakeholders and other interested par-ties engaged in sustainable economic growth and development. SEC. 403. ANNUAL REPORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—After the end of each fis-cal year, the Corporation shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a complete and detailed report of its oper-ations during that fiscal year, including an assessment of— (1) the economic and social development impact, including with respect to matters described in subsections (d) and (e) of section 501, of projects supported by the Corporation under title II; (2) the extent to which the operations of the Corporation complement or are compat-ible with the development assistance pro-grams of the United States and qualifying sovereign entities; (3) the Corporation’s institutional linkages with other relevant United States Govern-ment department and agencies, including ef-forts to strengthen such linkages; and (4) the compliance of projects supported by the Corporation under title II with human rights, environmental, labor, and social poli-cies, or other such related policies that gov-ern the Corporation’s support for projects, promulgated or otherwise administered by the Corporation. (b) E
LEMENTS .—Each annual report re-quired by subsection (a) shall include anal-yses of the effects of projects supported by the Corporation under title II, including— (1) reviews and analyses of— (A) the desired development outcomes for projects and whether or not the Corporation is meeting the associated metrics, goals, and development objectives, including, to the ex-tent practicable, in the years after conclu-sion of projects; and (B) the effect of the Corporation’s support on access to capital and ways in which the Corporation is addressing identifiable mar-ket gaps or inefficiencies and what impact, if any, such support has on access to credit for a specific project, country, or sector; (2) an explanation of any partnership ar-rangement or cooperation with a qualifying sovereign entity in support of each project; (3) projections of— (A) development outcomes, and whether or not support for projects are meeting the as-sociated performance measures, both during the start-up phase and over the duration of the support, and to the extent practicable, measures of such development outcomes should be on a gender-disaggregated basis, such as changes in employment, access to fi-nancial services, enterprise development and growth, and composition of executive boards and senior leadership of enterprises receiving support under title II; and (B) the value of private sector assets brought to bear relative to the amount of support provided by the Corporation and the value of any other public sector support; and (4) an assessment of the extent to which lessons learned from the monitoring and evaluation activities of the Corporation, and from annual reports from previous years compiled by the Corporation, have been ap-plied to projects. 
SEC. 404. PUBLICLY AVAILABLE PROJECT INFOR-MATION. 
The Corporation shall— (1) maintain a user-friendly, publicly avail-able, machine-readable database with de-tailed country-level information, including a description of the support provided by the Corporation under title II; and (2) include a clear link to information about each project supported by the Corpora-tion under title II on the internet website of the Department of State, ‘‘ForeignAssistance.gov’’, or a successor website or other online publication. SEC. 405. ENGAGEMENT WITH INVESTORS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Corporation, acting through the Chief Development Officer, shall, in cooperation with the Administrator of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development— (1) develop a strategic relationship with private sector entities focused at the nexus of business opportunities and development priorities; (2) engage such entities and reduce busi-ness risks primarily through direct trans-action support and facilitating investment partnerships; (3) develop and support tools, approaches, and intermediaries that can mobilize private finance at scale in the developing world; (4) pursue projects of all sizes, especially those that are small but designed for work in the most underdeveloped areas, including countries with chronic suffering as a result of extreme poverty, fragile institutions, or a history of violence; and (5) pursue projects consistent with the pol-icy of the United States described in section 101 and the Joint Strategic Plan and the Mis-sion Country Development Cooperation Strategies of the United States Agency for International Development. (b) A
SSISTANCE .—To achieve the goals de-scribed in subsection (a), the Corporation shall— (1) develop risk mitigation tools; (2) provide transaction structuring support for blended finance models; (3) support intermediaries linking capital supply and demand; (4) coordinate with other Federal agencies to support or accelerate transactions; (5) convene financial, donor, civil society, and public sector partners around opportuni-ties for private finance within development priorities; (6) offer strategic planning and program-ming assistance to catalyze investment into priority sectors; (7) provide transaction structuring sup-port; (8) deliver training and knowledge manage-ment tools for engaging private investors; (9) partner with private sector entities that provide access to capital and expertise; and (10) identify and screen new investment partners. (c) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Corpora-tion shall coordinate with the United States Agency for International Development and other agencies and departments, as nec-essary, on projects and programs supported by the Corporation that include technical as-sistance. 
SEC. 406. NOTIFICATION OF SUPPORT TO BE PRO-VIDED BY THE CORPORATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 15 days prior to the Corporation making a financial commitment associated with the provision of support under title II in an amount in ex-cess of $10,000,000, the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation shall submit to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Committee on For-eign Relations and the Committee on Appro-priations of the Senate a report in writing that contains the information required by subsection (b). (b) I
NFORMATION REQUIRED .—The informa-tion required by this subsection includes— (1) the amount of each such financial com-mitment; (2) an identification of the recipient or beneficiary; and (3) a description of the project, activity, or asset and the development goal or purpose to be achieved by providing support by the Cor-poration. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.024 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6327 July 17, 2018 
TITLE V—CONDITIONS, RESTRICTIONS, AND PROHIBITIONS 
SEC. 501. LIMITATIONS AND PREFERENCES. 
(a) L IMITATION ON SUPPORT FOR SINGLE EN-
TITY.—No entity receiving support from the Corporation under title II may receive more than an amount equal to 5 percent of the Corporation’s maximum contingent liability authorized under section 303. (b) P
REFERENCE FOR SUPPORT FOR PROJECTS  S
PONSORED BY UNITED STATES PERSONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Corporation should give preferential consideration to projects sponsored by or involving private sector en-tities that are United States persons. (2) U
NITED STATES PERSON DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘United States person’’ means— (A) a United States citizen; or (B) an entity significantly beneficially owned by individuals described in subpara-graph (A). (c) P
REFERENCE FOR SUPPORT IN COUNTRIES  
INCOMPLIANCE WITHINTERNATIONAL TRADE  O
BLIGATIONS .— (1) C
ONSULTATIONS WITH UNITED STATES  
TRADE REPRESENTATIVE .—Not less frequently than annually, the Corporation shall consult with the United States Trade Representative with respect to the status of countries eligi-ble to receive support from the Corporation under title II and the compliance of those countries with their international trade obli-gations. (2) P
REFERENTIAL CONSIDERATION .—The Corporation shall give preferential consider-ation to providing support under title II for projects in countries in compliance with or making substantial progress coming into compliance with their international trade obligations. (d) W
ORKER RIGHTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Corporation should support projects under title II in countries that are taking steps to adopt and imple-ment laws that extend internationally recog-nized worker rights (as defined in section 507 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2467)) to workers in that country, including any des-ignated zone in that country. (2) R
EQUIRED CONTRACT LANGUAGE .—The Corporation shall also include the following language, in substantially the following form, in all contracts which the Corporation enters into with eligible investors to provide support under title II: ‘‘The person receiving support agrees not to take actions to prevent employees of the foreign enterprise from lawfully exercising their right of association and their right to organize and bargain col-lectively. The person further agrees to ob-serve applicable laws relating to a minimum age for employment of children, acceptable conditions of work with respect to minimum wages, hours of work, and occupational health and safety, and not to use forced labor or the worst forms of child labor (as de-fined in section 507 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2467(6))). The person is not respon-sible under this paragraph for the actions of a foreign government.’’. (e) E
NVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL IMPACT .— The Board shall not vote in favor of any project proposed to be supported by the Cor-poration under title II that is likely to have significant adverse environmental or social impacts that are sensitive, diverse, or un-precedented, unless— (1) at least 60 days before the date of the vote, an environmental and social impact as-sessment or initial environmental and social audit, analyzing the environmental and so-cial impacts of the proposed project and of alternatives to the proposed project, is com-pleted; and (2) such assessment or audit has been made available to the public of the United States, locally affected groups in the country in which the project will be carried out, and nongovernmental organizations in that country. (f) WOMEN ’SECONOMIC EMPOWERMENT .—In utilizing its authorities under title II, the Corporation should consider the impacts of its support on women’s economic opportuni-ties and outcomes and make efforts to miti-gate gender gaps and maximize development impact by working to improve women’s eco-nomic opportunities. (g) P
REFERENCE FOR PROVISION OF SUPPORT  
INCOUNTRIES EMBRACING PRIVATE ENTER -
PRISE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Corporation should give preferential consideration to projects for which support under title II may poten-tially be provided in countries the govern-ments of which have demonstrated con-sistent support for economic policies that promote the development of private enter-prise, both domestic and foreign, and main-taining the conditions that enable private enterprise to make its full contribution to the development of such countries, includ-ing— (A) market-based economic policies; (B) protecting private property rights; (C) respect for the rule of law; and (D) systems to combat corruption and brib-ery. (2) S
OURCES OF INFORMATION .—The Corpora-tion should rely on both third-party indica-tors and United States Government informa-tion, such as the Department of State’s In-vestment Climate Statements, the Depart-ment of Commerce’s Country Commercial Guides, or the Millennium Challenge Cor-poration’s Constraints Analysis, to assess whether countries meet the conditions de-scribed in paragraph (1). (h) C
ONSIDERATION OF FOREIGN BOYCOTT  P
ARTICIPATION .—In providing support for projects under title II, the Corporation shall consider, using information readily avail-able, whether the project is sponsored by or substantially affiliated with any person tak-ing or knowingly agreeing to take actions, or having taken or knowingly agreed to take actions within the past three years, which demonstrate or otherwise evidence intent to comply with, further, or support any boycott fostered or imposed by any foreign country, or request to impose any boycott by any for-eign country, against a country which is friendly to the United States and which is not itself the object of any form of boycott pursuant to United States law or regulation. 
SEC. 502. ADDITIONALITY AND AVOIDANCE OF MARKET DISTORTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Before the Corporation provides support for a project under title II, the Corporation shall ensure that private sector entities are afforded an opportunity to support the project. (b) S
AFEGUARDS , P OLICIES , AND GUIDE-
LINES .—The Corporation shall develop appro-priate safeguards, policies, and guidelines to ensure that support provided by the Corpora-tion under title II— (1) supplements and encourages, but does not compete with, private sector support; (2) operates according to internationally recognized best practices and standards with respect to ensuring the avoidance of market distorting government subsidies and the crowding out of private sector lending; and (3) does not have a significant adverse im-pact on United States employment. 
SEC. 503. PROHIBITION ON SUPPORT IN SANC-TIONED COUNTRIES AND WITH SANCTIONED PERSONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Corporation is pro-hibited from providing support under title II in a country the government of which the Secretary of State has determined has re-peatedly provided support for acts of inter-national terrorism for purposes of— (1) section 6(j)(1)(A) of the Export Adminis-tration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4605(j)(1)(A)) (as continued in effect pursuant to the Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.)); (2) section 620A(a) of the Foreign Assist-ance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2371(a)); (3) section 40(d) of the Arms Export Con-trol Act (22 U.S.C. 2780(d)); or (4) any other provision of law. (b) PROHIBITION ON SUPPORT OF SANCTIONED  P
ERSONS .—The Corporation is prohibited from supporting a project under title II that directly benefits any entity subject to sanc-tions imposed by the United States. (c) P
ROHIBITION ON SUPPORT OF ACTIVITIES  S
UBJECT TO SANCTIONS .—The Corporation shall require any entity or party receiving support under title II to certify it, any enti-ty owned or controlled by the entity or party, or any entity or party which owns or otherwise manages the entity or party re-ceiving support, does not conduct any activi-ties subject to sanctions imposed by the United States. 
SEC. 504. PENALTIES FOR MISREPRESENTATION, FRAUD, AND BRIBERY. 
Subsections (g), (l), and (n) of section 237 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2197) shall apply with respect to the Corpora-tion to the same extent and in the same manner as such subsections applied with re-spect to the Overseas Private Investment Corporation on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act. TITLE VI—TRANSITIONAL PROVISIONS 
SEC. 601. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) A
GENCY .—The term ‘‘agency’’ includes any entity, organizational unit, program, or function. (2) T
RANSITION PERIOD .—The term ‘‘transi-tion period’’ means the period— (A) beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act; and (B) ending on the effective date of the reor-ganization plan required by section 602(e). 
SEC. 602. REORGANIZATION PLAN. 
(a) S UBMISSION OF PLAN.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall transmit to the appro-priate congressional committees a reorga-nization plan regarding the following: (A) The transfer of agencies, personnel, as-sets, and obligations to the Corporation pur-suant to this title. (B) Any consolidation, reorganization, or streamlining of agencies transferred to the Corporation pursuant to this title. (C) Any efficiencies or cost savings achieved as a result of the transfer of agen-cies, personnel, assets, and obligations to the Corporation pursuant to this title, including reductions in unnecessary or duplicative op-erations, assets, and personnel. (2) C
ONSULTATION .—Not later than 15 days before the date on which the plan is trans-mitted pursuant to this subsection, the President shall consult with the appropriate congressional committees on such plan. (b) P
LANELEMENTS .—The plan transmitted under subsection (a) shall contain, con-sistent with this Act, such elements as the President deems appropriate, including the following: (1) Identification of any functions of agen-cies transferred to the Corporation pursuant to this title that will not be transferred to the Corporation under the plan. (2) Specification of the steps to be taken to organize the Corporation, including the dele-gation or assignment of functions trans-ferred to the Corporation. (3) Specification of the funds available to each agency that will be transferred to the Corporation as a result of transfers under the plan. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.024 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6328 July 17, 2018 
(4) Specification of the proposed alloca-tions within the Corporation of unexpended funds transferred in connection with trans-fers under the plan. (5) Specification of any proposed disposi-tion of property, facilities, contracts, records, and other assets and obligations of agencies transferred under the plan. (c) R
EPORT ON COORDINATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The transfer of functions authorized by this section may occur only after the President and Chief Executive Offi-cer of the Overseas Private Investment Cor-poration and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International De-velopment jointly submit to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and Committee on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives and Committee on Foreign Relations and Committee on Appropriations of the Senate a report in writing that contains the infor-mation required by paragraph (2). (2) I
NFORMATION REQUIRED .—The informa-tion required by this paragraph includes a description in detail of the procedures to be followed after the transfer of functions au-thorized by this section have occurred to co-ordinate between the Corporation and the United States Agency for International De-velopment in carrying out the functions so transferred. (d) M
ODIFICATION OF PLAN.—The President shall consult with the appropriate congres-sional committees before making any mate-rial modification or revision to the plan be-fore the plan becomes effective in accordance with subsection (e). (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The reorganization plan described in this section, including any modifications or revisions of the plan under subsection (c), shall become effective for an agency on the date specified in the plan (or the plan as modified pursuant to subsection (d)), except that such date may not be earlier than 90 days after the date the President has transmitted the reorganization plan to the appropriate congressional committees pursu-ant to subsection (a). (2) S
TATUTORY CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection may be construed to require the transfer of functions, personnel, records, balances of appropriations, or other assets of an agency on a single date. 
SEC. 603. TRANSFER OF FUNCTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Effective at the end of the transition period, there shall be trans-ferred to the Corporation the functions, per-sonnel, assets, and liabilities of— (1) the Overseas Private Investment Cor-poration, as in existence on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act; and (2) the following elements of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment: (A) The Development Credit Authority. (B) The existing Legacy Credit portfolio under the Urban Environment Program and any other direct loan programs and non-De-velopment Credit Authority guaranty pro-grams authorized by the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2151 et seq.) or other predecessor Acts, as in existence on the date of the enactment of this Act, other than any sovereign loan guaranties. (b) A
DDITIONAL TRANSFER AUTHORITY .—Ef- fective at the end of the transition period, there is authorized to be transferred to the Corporation the functions, personnel, assets, and liabilities of the following elements of the United States Agency for International Development: (1) The Office of Private Capital and Micro-enterprise. (2) The enterprise funds. (c) S
OVEREIGN LOAN GUARANTY TRANS -
FER.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Effective at the end of the transition period, there is authorized to be transferred to the Corporation or any other appropriate department or agency of the United States Government the loan accounts and the legal rights and responsibilities for the sovereign loan guaranty portfolio held by the United States Agency for Inter-national Development as in existence on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) I
NCLUSION IN REORGANIZATION PLAN .— The President shall include in the reorga-nization plan submitted under section 602 a description of the transfer authorized under paragraph (1). (d) B
ILATERAL AGREEMENTS .—Any bilateral agreement of the United States in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act that serves as the basis for programs of the Over-seas Private Investment Corporation and the Development Credit Authority shall be con-sidered as satisfying the requirements of sec-tion 301(a). (e) T
RANSITION .—During the transition pe-riod, the agencies specified in subsection (a) shall— (1) continue to administer the assets and obligations of those agencies; and (2) carry out such programs and activities authorized under this Act as may be deter-mined by the President. 
SEC. 604. TERMINATION OF OVERSEAS PRIVATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION AND OTHER SUPERCEDED AUTHORITIES. 
Effective at the end of the transition pe-riod— (1) the Overseas Private Investment Cor-poration is terminated; and (2) title IV of chapter 2 of part I of the For-eign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2191 et seq.) (other than subsections (g), (l), and (n) of section 237 of that Act) is repealed. 
SEC. 605. TRANSITIONAL AUTHORITIES. 
(a) P ROVISION OF ASSISTANCE BY OFFI-
CIALS .—Until the transfer of an agency to the Corporation under section 603, any offi-cial having authority over or functions relat-ing to the agency on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act shall provide to the Corporation such assistance, including the use of personnel and assets, as the Cor-poration may request in preparing for the transfer and integration of the agency into the Corporation. (b) S
ERVICES AND PERSONNEL .—During the transition period, upon the request of the Corporation, the head of any executive agen-cy may, on a reimbursable or non-reimburs-able basis, provide services or detail per-sonnel to assist with the transition. (c) A
CTING OFFICIALS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—During the transition pe-riod, pending the advice and consent of the Senate to the appointment of an officer re-quired by this Act to be appointed by and with such advice and consent, the President may designate any officer whose appoint-ment was required to be made by and with such advice and consent and who was such an officer before the date of the enactment of this Act (and who continues in office) or im-mediately before such designation, to act in such office until the same is filled as pro-vided in this Act. While so acting, such offi-cers shall receive compensation at the high-er of— (A) the rates provided by this Act for the respective offices in which they act; or (B) the rates provided for the offices held at the time of designation. (2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this Act shall be construed to require the advice and consent of the Senate to the appoint-ment by the President to a position in the Corporation of any officer whose agency is transferred to the Corporation pursuant to this title and whose duties following such transfer are germane to those performed be-fore such transfer. (d) TRANSFER OF PERSONNEL , ASSETS , OBLI-
GATIONS , ANDFUNCTIONS .—Upon the transfer of an agency to the Corporation under sec-tion 603— (1) the personnel, assets, and obligations held by or available in connection with the agency shall be transferred to the Corpora-tion for appropriate allocation, subject to the approval of the Director of the Office of Management and Budget and in accordance with section 1531(a)(2) of title 31, United States Code; and (2) the Corporation shall have all func-tions— (A) relating to the agency that any other official could by law exercise in relation to the agency immediately before such trans-fer; and (B) vested in the Corporation by this Act or other law. 
SEC. 606. SAVINGS PROVISIONS. 
(a) C OMPLETED ADMINISTRATIVE ACTIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Completed administrative actions of an agency shall not be affected by the enactment of this Act or the transfer of such agency to the Corporation under sec-tion 603, but shall continue in effect accord-ing to their terms until amended, modified, superseded, terminated, set aside, or revoked in accordance with law by an officer of the United States or a court of competent juris-diction, or by operation of law. (2) C
OMPLETED ADMINISTRATIVE ACTION DE -
FINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘com-pleted administrative action’’ includes or-ders, determinations, rules, regulations, per-sonnel actions, permits, agreements, grants, contracts, certificates, policies, licenses, reg-istrations, and privileges. (b) P
ENDING PROCEEDINGS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Pending proceedings in an agency, including notices of proposed rule-making, and applications for licenses, per-mits, certificates, grants, and financial as-sistance, shall continue notwithstanding the enactment of this Act or the transfer of the agency to the Corporation, unless discon-tinued or modified under the same terms and conditions and to the same extent that such discontinuance could have occurred if such enactment or transfer had not occurred. (2) O
RDERS .—Orders issued in proceedings described in paragraph (1), and appeals there-from, and payments made pursuant to such orders, shall issue in the same manner and on the same terms as if this Act had not been enacted or the agency had not been trans-ferred, and any such orders shall continue in effect until amended, modified, superseded, terminated, set aside, or revoked by an offi-cer of the United States or a court of com-petent jurisdiction, or by operation of law. (c) P
ENDING CIVIL ACTIONS .—Pending civil actions shall continue notwithstanding the enactment of this Act or the transfer of an agency to the Corporation, and in such civil actions, proceedings shall be had, appeals taken, and judgments rendered and enforced in the same manner and with the same effect as if such enactment or transfer had not oc-curred. (d) R
EFERENCES .—References relating to an agency that is transferred to the Corporation under section 603 in statutes, Executive or-ders, rules, regulations, directives, or delega-tions of authority that precede such transfer or the date of the enactment of this Act shall be deemed to refer, as appropriate, to the Corporation, to its officers, employees, or agents, or to its corresponding organiza-tional units or functions. Statutory report-ing requirements that applied in relation to such an agency immediately before the effec-tive date of this Act shall continue to apply 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.024 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6329 July 17, 2018 
following such transfer if they refer to the agency by name. (e) E
MPLOYMENT PROVISIONS .— (1) R
EGULATIONS .—The Corporation may, in regulations prescribed jointly with the Di-rector of the Office of Personnel Manage-ment, adopt the rules, procedures, terms, and conditions, established by statute, rule, or regulation before the date of the enact-ment of this Act, relating to employment in any agency transferred to the Corporation under section 603. (2) E
FFECT OF TRANSFER ON CONDITIONS OF  
EMPLOYMENT .—Except as otherwise provided in this Act, or under authority granted by this Act, the transfer pursuant to this title of personnel shall not alter the terms and conditions of employment, including com-pensation, of any employee so transferred. (f) S
TATUTORY REPORTING REQUIREMENTS .— Any statutory reporting requirement that applied to an agency transferred to the Cor-poration under this title immediately before the date of the enactment of this Act shall continue to apply following that transfer if the statutory requirement refers to the agency by name. 
SEC. 607. OTHER TERMINATIONS. 
Except as otherwise provided in this Act, whenever all the functions vested by law in any agency have been transferred pursuant to this title, each position and office the in-cumbent of which was authorized to receive compensation at the rates prescribed for an office or position at level II, III, IV, or V of the Executive Schedule under subchapter II of chapter 53 of title 5, United States Code, shall terminate. 
SEC. 608. INCIDENTAL TRANSFERS. 
The Director of the Office of Management and Budget, in consultation with the Cor-poration, is authorized and directed to make such additional incidental dispositions of personnel, assets, and liabilities held, used, arising from, available, or to be made avail-able, in connection with the functions trans-ferred by this title, as the Director may de-termine necessary to accomplish the pur-poses of this Act. 
SEC. 609. REFERENCE. 
With respect to any function transferred under this title (including under a reorga-nization plan under section 602) and exer-cised on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, reference in any other Federal law to any department, commission, or agency or any officer or office the functions of which are so transferred shall be deemed to refer to the Corporation or official or component of the Corporation to which that function is so transferred. 
SEC. 610. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS. 
(a) E XEMPT PROGRAMS .—Section 255(g) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 905(g)) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘Overseas Private Investment Corporation, Noncredit Account (71–4184–0–3– 151).’’ and inserting ‘‘United States Inter-national Development Finance Corpora-tion.’’. (b) E
XECUTIVE SCHEDULE .—Title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in section 5314, by striking ‘‘President, Overseas Private Investment Corporation.’’; (2) in section 5315, by striking ‘‘Executive Vice President, Overseas Private Investment Corporation.’’; and (3) in section 5316, by striking ‘‘Vice Presi-dents, Overseas Private Investment Corpora-tion (3).’’. (c) O
FFICE OF INTERNATIONAL TRADE OF THE  S
MALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION .—Section 22 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 649) is amended— (1) in subsection (b), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘the Presi-dent of the Overseas Private Investment Cor-poration, Director’’ and inserting ‘‘the Board of Directors of the United States Inter-national Development Finance Corporation, the Director’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘Overseas Private Invest-ment Corporation’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘United States International De-velopment Finance Corporation’’. (d) UNITED STATES AND FOREIGN COMMER -
CIAL SERVICE .—Section 2301 of the Export Enhancement Act of 1988 (15 U.S.C. 4721) is amended by striking ‘‘Overseas Private In-vestment Corporation’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘United States International Development Finance Corporation’’. (e) T
RADE PROMOTION COORDINATING COM-
MITTEE .—Section 2312(d)(1)(K) of the Export Enhancement Act of 1988 (15 U.S.C. 4727(d)(1)(K)) is amended by striking ‘‘Over-seas Private Investment Corporation’’ and inserting ‘‘United States International De-velopment Finance Corporation’’. (f) I
NTERAGENCY TRADE DATA ADVISORY  C
OMMITTEE .—Section 5402(b) of the Omnibus Trade and Competitiveness Act of 1988 (15 U.S.C. 4902(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘the President of the Overseas Private Invest-ment Corporation’’ and inserting ‘‘the Chief Executive Officer of the United States Inter-national Development Finance Corpora-tion’’. (g) M
ISUSE OF NAMES OF FEDERAL AGEN-
CIES.—Section 709 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘‘Overseas Pri-vate Investment’, ‘Overseas Private Invest-ment Corporation’, or ‘OPIC’,’’ and inserting ‘‘‘United States International Development Finance Corporation’ or ‘DFC’’’. (h) E
NGAGEMENT ON CURRENCY EXCHANGE  R
ATE AND ECONOMIC POLICIES .—Section 701(c)(1)(A) of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 (19 U.S.C. 4421(c)(1)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘Over-seas Private Investment Corporation’’ and inserting ‘‘United States International De-velopment Finance Corporation’’. (i) I
NTERNSHIPS WITHINSTITUTE FOR INTER -
NATIONAL PUBLIC POLICY .—Section 625 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1131c(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘Overseas Private Investment Corporation’’ and insert-ing ‘‘United States International Develop-ment Finance Corporation’’. (j) F
OREIGN ASSISTANCE ACT OF 1961.—The Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2151 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 449B(b)(2) (22 U.S.C. 2296b(b)(2)), by striking ‘‘Overseas Private Investment Corporation’’ and inserting ‘‘United States International Development Finance Corporation’’; and (2) in section 481(e)(4)(A) (22 U.S.C. 2291(e)(4)(A)), in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘(including programs under title IV of chapter 2, relating to the Overseas Private Investment Corporation)’’ and in-serting ‘‘(and any support under title II of the Better Utilization of Investments Lead-ing to Development Act of 2018, relating to the United States International Develop-ment Finance Corporation)’’. (k) E
LECTRIFY AFRICA ACT OF 2015.—Sec- tions 5 and 7 of the Electrify Africa Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–121; 22 U.S.C. 2293 note) are amended by striking ‘‘Overseas Private Investment Corporation’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘United States Inter-national Development Finance Corpora-tion’’. (l) F
OREIGN AIDTRANSPARENCY AND AC-
COUNTABILITY ACT OF 2016.—Section 2(3) of the Foreign Aid Transparency and Account-ability Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–191; 22 U.S.C. 2394c note) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘ex-cept for’’ and all that follows through ‘‘chap-ter 3’’ and insert ‘‘except for chapter 3’’; (2) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (3) in subparagraph (D), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) the Better Utilization of Investments Leading to Development Act of 2018.’’. (m) SUPPORT FOR EASTEUROPEAN DEMOC -
RACY (SEED) P ROGRAM .—The Support for East European Democracy (SEED) Act of 1989 (22 U.S.C. 5401 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 2(c) (22 U.S.C. 5401(c)), by striking paragraph (12) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(12) U
NITED STATES INTERNATIONAL DEVEL -
OPMENT FINANCE CORPORATION .—Programs of the United States International Develop-ment Finance Corporation.’’; and (2) in section 201(e) (22 U.S.C. 5421(e)), by striking ‘‘Agency for International Develop-ment’’ and inserting ‘‘United States Inter-national Development Finance Corpora-tion’’. (n) C
UBAN LIBERTY AND DEMOCRATIC SOLI-
DARITY (LIBERTAD) A CT OF 1996.—Section 202(b)(2)(B)(iv) of the Cuban Liberty and Democratic Solidarity (LIBERTAD) Act of 1996 (22 U.S.C. 6062(b)(2)(B)(iv)) is amended by striking ‘‘Overseas Private Investment Cor-poration’’ and inserting ‘‘United States International Development Finance Corpora-tion’’. (o) I
NTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS FREEDOM ACT 
OF1998.—Section 405(a)(10) of the Inter-national Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6445(a)(10)) is amended by striking ‘‘Overseas Private Investment Corporation’’ and inserting ‘‘United States International Development Finance Corporation’’. (p) T
RAFFICKING VICTIMS PROTECTION ACT 
OF2000.—Section 103(8)(A) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(8)(A)) is amended in clause (viii) to read as follows: ‘‘(viii) any support under title II of the Better Utilization of Investments Leading to Development Act of 2018 relating to the United States International Development Fi-nance Corporation; and’’. (q) T
ECHNOLOGY DEPLOYMENT IN DEVEL -
OPING COUNTRIES .—Section 732(b) of the Glob-al Environmental Protection Assistance Act of 1989 (22 U.S.C. 7902(b)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘Overseas Private Investment Corpora-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘United States Inter-national Development Finance Corpora-tion’’. (r) E
XPANDED NONMILITARY ASSISTANCE FOR  U
KRAINE .—Section 7(c)(3) of the Ukraine Freedom Support Act of 2014 (22 U.S.C. 8926(c)(3)) is amended— (1) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘O
VERSEAS PRIVATE INVESTMENT CORPORA -
TION’’ and inserting ‘‘U NITED STATES INTER -
NATIONAL DEVELOPMENT FINANCE CORPORA -
TION’’; (2) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Overseas Private Invest-ment Corporation’’ and inserting ‘‘United States International Development Finance Corporation’’; and (3) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘by eli-gible investors (as defined in section 238 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2198))’’. (s) G
LOBAL FOODSECURITY ACT OF 2016.— Section 4(7) of the Global Food Security Act of 2016 (22 U.S.C. 9303(7)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘Overseas Private Investment Corpora-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘United States Inter-national Development Finance Corpora-tion’’. (t) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS ON EUROPEAN AND  E
URASIAN ENERGY SECURITY .—Section 257(c)(2)(B) of the Countering Russian Influ-ence in Europe and Eurasia Act of 2017 (22 U.S.C. 9546(c)(2)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘Overseas Private Investment Corporation’’ and inserting ‘‘United States International Development Finance Corporation’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.024 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6330 July 17, 2018 
(u) W HOLLY OWNED GOVERNMENT CORPORA -
TION.—Section 9101(3) of title 31, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Over-seas Private Investment Corporation’’ and inserting ‘‘United States International De-velopment Finance Corporation’’. (v) E
NERGY INDEPENDENCE AND SECURITY  A
CT OF 2007.—Title IX of the Energy Inde-pendence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17321 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 914 (42 U.S.C. 17334)— (A) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
OVERSEAS PRIVATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION ’’ and inserting ‘‘
UNITED STATES INTERNATIONAL  
DEVELOPMENT FINANCE CORPORATION ’’; (B) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Overseas Private Investment Corporation’’ and insert-ing ‘‘United States International Develop-ment Finance Corporation’’; and (C) in subsection (b), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Overseas Private Investment Corporation shall in-clude in its annual report required under sec-tion 240A of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2200a)’’ and inserting ‘‘United States International Development Finance Corporation shall include in its annual re-port required under section 403 of the Better Utilization of Investments Leading to Devel-opment Act of 2018’’; and (2) in section 916(a)(2)(I) (42 U.S.C. 17336(a)(2)(I)), by striking ‘‘Overseas Private Investment Corporation:’’ and inserting ‘‘United States International Development Finance Corporation;’’. (w) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect at the end of the transition period. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-tleman from California (Mr. S
HERMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ). 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material in the R
ECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this is the BUILD Act. Across the globe, lack of access to cap-ital is constraining economic growth, especially in the world’s least devel-oped countries. According to the International Fi-nance Corporation, micro, small, and medium-sized enterprises have an unmet financing need of more than $5 trillion every year in emerging mar-kets, depriving them of the capital that they need to grow. Foreign invest-ment is critical to empowering entre-preneurs, critical to creating jobs and to reducing poverty. Our country has an undeniable inter-est in supporting the development of vibrant and stable economies around the world. Healthy private sectors pro-mote good governance and support thriving civil societies. It helps reduce civil strife. The resulting stability is good for our national security and also benefits U.S. exports and jobs. Increasingly, other countries are working to advance their economic and political interests by shaping overseas markets. China’s One Belt, One Road initiative is estimated at $1 trillion. This dwarfs the size of the Marshall Plan that rebuilt war-torn Europe in the 1940s and 1950s. Across Africa, Asia, and beyond, Bei-jing is making massive investments in new construction and infrastructure projects, from the headquarters of the African Union to a port in Djibouti, where both the U.S. and China now have military bases. Beijing now owns 80 percent of this strategically located African nation’s foreign debt. As the president and CEO of OPIC, the Overseas Private Investment Cor-poration, testified to the Foreign Af-fairs Committee, his words: ‘‘A condi-tion of many of these loans is that Chi-nese firms, and labor, get the business. . . . This state-directed approach is not consistent with our values, which in-corporate the high standards of inter-national financial institutions related to governance, transparency, debt sus-tainability, environmental, and social safeguards.’’ Chinese development practices have often left countries worse off—and I have seen this with my own eyes—put-ting some countries into debt distress. Last December, Sri Lanka gave control of the strategic Sri Lankan port to Bei-jing for 99 years after it could not repay the Chinese-backed loans to fund it. That granted Beijing a foothold in the Indian Ocean and its critical ship-ping lanes. And due to Beijing’s ‘‘no strings at-tached’’ financing, some of Africa’s most brutal regimes have been thrown an economic lifeline that undermines democratic governance. Unlike the United States, Beijing does not have an anti-corruption standard. It is willing to fund just about any government, from Venezuela to Sudan. The U.S. cannot and should not match China’s investments dollar-for- dollar, but we can and should do more to support international economic de-velopment with partners who have em-braced the private sector-driven devel-opment model. However, America’s development fi-nance tool kit, which is spread across multiple agencies, is limited, it is du-plicative, it is uncoordinated. So the BUILD Act will address these short-comings. It will modernize America’s antiquated development finance capa-bilities to address the challenges of this century. Specifically, it will merge OPIC and USAID’s development credit authority into a standalone U.S. inter-national development finance corpora-tion with new authorities. b1715 Among these new authorities will be the ability to cofinance projects with our allies like the U.K. What this is going to do, just on the U.S. side, is this is going to double their book of business. Through the provision of loans and guarantees and limited equity invest-ments and feasibility studies, political risk insurance, and other investments of support, the new Development Fi-nance Corporation will mobilize pri-vate capital to provide countries a competitive alternative to the state-di-rected approach of Beijing and Moscow. I am pleased that this bill doesn’t just merge existing functions together but also includes critical reforms to protect taxpayers, to improve govern-ment efficiency, and to make Amer-ica’s development finance toolkit very effective. Notably, it adopts many of the same principles as the Millennium Challenge Corporation, including the constraints analysis, which directs in-vestment to where it will have the most impact. This bill will create a dedicated in-spector general of the new corporation. It will require that the corporation prioritize support in the poorest coun-tries and those making continual progress towards economic policies that support free enterprise, and it will create lasting institutional linkages between the Development Finance Cor-poration and other development agen-cies. This bill has got strong support from the White House, which made it a pri-ority in its National Security Strategy and 2019 budget. In short, the BUILD Act represents a major opportunity for this Congress and the executive branch to transform and modernize our Nation’s tools to support global development and in-crease opportunities for American en-trepreneurs in these emerging markets. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  I
NFRASTRUCTURE , Washington, DC, July 16, 2018. Hon. E
DROYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Wash-ington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN ROYCE : I write concerning H.R. 5105, the Better Utilization of Invest-ments Leading to Development Act of2018. This legislation includes matters that I be-lieve fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. In order to expedite floor consideration of H.R. 5105, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure will forgo action on this bill. However, this is conditional on our mu-tual understanding that forgoing consider-ation of the bill does not prejudice the Com-mittee with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation that fall within the Committee’s Rule X jurisdiction. Fur-ther, I appreciate your agreement to incor-porate changes suggested by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure into the bill prior to floor consideration. Finally, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I ask that you support my request to have the Committee represented on the con-ference committee. Please place a copy of this letter and your response acknowledging our jurisdictional interest in the Congressional Record during House Floor consideration of the bill. I look 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.024 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6331 July 17, 2018 
forward to working with the Committee on Foreign Affairs as the bill moves through the legislative process, Sincerely, B
ILLSHUSTER , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, July 16, 2018. Hon. B
ILLSHUSTER , Chairman, Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN SHUSTER : Thank you for consulting with the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee and agreeing to forgo a sequential re-ferral request on H.R. 5105, the Better Utili-zation of Investments Leading to Develop-ment (BUILD) Act of 2018, so that the bill may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. Edits requested by your committee have been incorporated in the bill text scheduled for consideration by the House. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of your com-mittee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerog-atives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any House-Senate conference on this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 5105 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as this meas-ure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5105. H.R. 5105, the BUILD Act, which stands for Better Utilization of Invest-ments Leading to Development Act, modernizes our international develop-ment finance system. It does so by con-solidating the existing Overseas Pri-vate Investment Corporation, which has the most unfortunate acronym in the Federal Government, since it is re-ferred to as OPIC and is often confused with OPEC. It consolidates that orga-nization into the new Development Fi-nance Corporation. I am pleased to be a cosponsor of this important measure. I want to start by commending the lead sponsors of this bipartisan bill, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO), whom I am pleased to work with on the Asia and the Pacific Sub-committee, where he serves as chair-man and I serve as ranking member; and the second lead sponsor of this leg-islation, the gentleman from Wash-ington (Mr. S
MITH), the ranking mem-ber of the Armed Services Committee. It has been more than a decade since Congress last updated OPIC’s charter. The landscape in development finance has changed substantially, and we now need a new approach to the way our government uses financial instruments to spur economic development and tackle poverty in the developing world. Mr. Speaker, I particularly want to thank the leadership of the committee and the sponsors of the legislation for accepting four of my amendments. The first of these requires a certifi-cation from the new DFC, or Develop-ment Finance Corporation, that the corporations that benefit from their in-vestment and their affiliates do not conduct any activity which is the sub-ject of U.S. sanctions. This is an impor-tant safeguard to ensure that entities that engage in contact that violates U.S. Government sanctions do not ben-efit from U.S. Government financing. Simply prohibiting the support of sanctioned entities is not enough. We need an affirmative statement from prospective beneficiaries of the DFC that they and their affiliates are in compliance with American sanctions law. Second, the new agency will need to consider whether the benefiting entity is participating in a foreign boycott that is at cross-purposes with Amer-ican foreign policy. The U.S. should not be in the business of providing as-sistance to entities that participate in discriminatory boycotts against for-eign countries. Since the 1970s, we have had on the books laws designed to prevent our cor-porations from participating in the Arab League boycott of Israel. It is common sense that the DFC, when it is selecting projects, should take this into consideration. So my amendment will do just that. I should point out that there is an-other amendment that I would have of-fered, but, instead, we secured a letter from OPIC that will be binding policy on the new DFC stating that the DFC will not finance regional projects in the Caucasus that are designed to ex-clude Armenia. If it doesn’t make geo-graphic sense that a regional railroad or road or other activity excludes Ar-menia, then that is OPIC policy that will be carried forward with the new agency that this will not be financed by the DFC. Mr. Speaker, I include the following letters from OPIC in the RECORD . 
OVERSEAS PRIVATE  I
NVESTMENT CORPORATION , Washington, DC, May 8, 2018. Hon. B
RADSHERMAN , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR CONGRESSMAN SHERMAN : Thank you for your continued support of U.S. develop-ment finance, including your support for H.R. 5105, the BUILD Act. Knowing of your long-standing support for Armenia, I wanted to clarify an issue raised by your office in writing. The Overseas Private Investment Corpora-tion will not support regional projects in the Caucasus that deliberately, by design or ef-fect, exclude Armenia from participation or benefit, unless such exclusion is necessitated by geographic or economic impracticality. As you know, when the BUILD Act legisla-tion is enacted into law, the functions, per-sonnel, assets, liabilities and policies of OPIC will transfer to the U.S. Development Finance Corporation. Accordingly, this will become the policy of the DFC. Again, thank you for your continued sup-port. Regards, CAMERON S. A LFORD , Deputy General Counsel, Projects. 
OVERSEAS PRIVATE  I
NVESTMENT CORPORATION , Washington, DC, May 8, 2018. Hon, B
RADSHERMAN , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR CONGRESSMAN SHERMAN : Thank you for your continued support of U.S. develop-ment finance, including your support for H.R. 5105, the BUILD Act. I wanted to clarify an issue raised by your office in writing. The Overseas Private Investment Corpora-tion’s Environmental and Social Policy Statement (ESPS) includes OPIC’s green-house gas policy developed pursuant to Sec-tion 7079(b) of division F of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2010 (Public Law 111–117; 123 Stat. 3396). As a result of the inclusion of the word ‘‘policies’’ in Section 606(a)(2) of the BUILD Act Amendment in the Nature of a Substitute, OPIC’s ESPS will be transferred to the U.S. Development Finance Corpora-tion. Accordingly, this will become the pol-icy of the DFC. Again, thank you for your continued sup-port. Regards, C
AMERON S. A LFORD , Deputy General Counsel, Projects. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, the third amendment that I thank the sponsors for agreeing to requires an an-nual report from the new DFC on its compliance with its own human rights, labor, environmental, and social poli-cies. OPIC maintains robust environ-mental and social policies. This bill carries those policies forward so the new DFC will follow them and will now make an annual report so that Con-gress can see whether these policies are actually being implemented. The fourth such amendment states that, as to the four public nongovern-mental members of the DFC board, that we take into account their experi-ence in international environmental, developmental, and labor organiza-tions. There are a number of other fac-tors that go into selecting the public members of the board, but certainly ex-perience in the environment and labor ought to be taken into consideration. The BUILD Act updates U.S. develop-ment finance and, I think, will com-plement our foreign assistance efforts. With this bill, we can keep the U.S. as a global leader in promoting economic prosperity around the world while, at the same time, encouraging American jobs. I support this measure and hope my colleagues will join me in doing so. Once again, this bill had a unanimous, bipartisan voice vote in our com-mittee. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO). He is the chairman of the Foreign Affairs Sub-committee on Asia and the Pacific, and he is the author of this legislation. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I am excited to speak on behalf of H.R. 5105, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.026 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6332 July 17, 2018 
BUILD Act, and urge its passage in this Chamber. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Chairman R
OYCE , Ranking Member E
NGEL , Ranking Member S HERMAN , and my lead cosponsor, A
DAM SMITH of Washington, for the hard work they and their teams have done to bring this bill to the floor. These gentlemen worked tirelessly along with their teams. I would also like to give a shout-out to our legislative director, James Walsh, who did yeoman’s work for this bill. Today, America is confronting un-precedented instability and growing humanitarian crises around the world, all of which have a direct impact on our national security and economic in-terests here at home. Delivering effective U.S. foreign as-sistance is crucial, especially in the current fiscal climate in which it is im-perative for the U.S. Government to use every dollar more efficiently and effectively. The BUILD Act will ensure the United States delivers foreign as-sistance both effectively and effi-ciently by catalyzing the private sector to invest in developing countries. Of our top 15 trading partners, 12 of them were once recipients of foreign aid. Forty-three of our top 50 consumer nations of American agriculture prod-ucts were once U.S. foreign aid recipi-ents. Additionally, 95 percent of the world’s consumers live outside of the United States, and the poorest two- thirds of the world now represent about $5 trillion in purchasing power. Their markets are growing faster than many of our traditional partners and are cen-tral to the future of America’s eco-nomic prosperity, job growth, and secu-rity. It is imperative to the United States economy that we seize upon these op-portunities and make the investment now so that we may reap the benefits down the road. One of the ways to do this is to make our development fi-nance more efficient and nimble. U.S. businesses have the capital to invest and lead the world in the under-standing of capital markets and sophis-ticated financial transactions, gen-erally delivering investments in infra-structure and other industries quicker and less expensively. Despite our comparative advantage, other countries, especially China, are using development finance institutions more effectively to expand their influ-ence into the developing world, even here in the Western Hemisphere in the country of Haiti. Our tools for development finance are dispersed across too many Federal agencies and need to be streamlined. The primary U.S. development agency, OPIC, has not been significantly up-dated since its creation in 1971. The BUILD Act will modernize all foreign finance development and bring it into the 21st century. As you can imagine, the world of fi-nancial development has vastly changed since 1970, as all things do, to stay competitive. A modernized Devel-opment Finance Corporation is impera-tive to capitalizing upon those changes. It will help transition coun-tries from aid to trade. We want to help countries become ro-bust trading partners with the United States. By doing so, we will be helping create stable, self-sufficient societies around the world and open new mar-kets for U.S. goods and services. If we are trading goods, economies are grow-ing, they are growing stronger, and re-lationships are forged, increasing na-tional security. There is truth to the saying, ‘‘a ris-ing tide lifts all boats.’’ The BUILD Act will help make this a reality by transitioning recipient countries again from aid to trade. In addition to improving efficiency, the BUILD Act also creates a more sig-nificant amount of oversight and in-creases the United States’ development effectiveness. The BUILD Act empowers the new Development Finance Corporation, as Secretary Pompeo testified to the Sen-ate, ‘‘to have the flexibility to identify a development need, bring to bear the right resources over the right period and manage it in a way that effectively delivers the outcome and measures it all along the way.’’ Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleague to pass the BUILD Act. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Wash-ington (Mr. S
MITH), the ranking mem-ber of the Armed Services Committee and the lead Democratic sponsor of this bill. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, first of all, I really want to thank Congressman Y
OHO. We have worked together on this bill. We have also worked together as co-chairs of the Caucus for Effective Foreign As-sistance. This bill really shows the bi-partisan support on the committee. I certainly want to thank the chair-man and the ranking member for their work, as well, towards a very impor-tant goal, and that is to make more ef-fective use of U.S. foreign aid and for-eign development. It is a crucial tool right now in the world. We need as many friends and as many partners as we can find in the world. Development through USAID and other agencies is a crucial way that we build the relationships and, as has been mentioned by all three of the previous speakers, as importantly, build the capacity of our partners to have a strong economy and to grow. What this bill does is it makes our foreign investment policy better, more cohesive, and more robust. It enables that agency to invest in the projects that are necessary to help it be suc-cessful by expanding what it can do, by expanding its ability to work with other partners, to work with the pri-vate sector, and, crucially, to take an equity stake in some of their invest-ments, something that current law pro-hibits. This will greatly expand their ability to find projects across the de-veloping world to invest in and help grow these countries and move them forward. The overall goal of foreign aid is to make sure that there, hopefully, at some point, are no countries in the world that can’t provide for their peo-ple, to go after poverty, to reduce it wherever we can. There are a lot of different projects that are important to foreign aid. Cer-tainly, global health, education, and direct assistance all play a crucial role. But I would submit that nothing is more important than enabling these countries to develop their own econ-omy by giving them the capital they need to invest in projects and grow businesses so that they become self- sustaining partners. This bill does a crucially important job in making sure that the U.S. con-tribution to that effort is as effective as it possibly can be. It lives up to the name of our caucus, effective foreign assistance. This is critically impor-tant. A lot of times people think of foreign aid as being, well, that is just sort of a leftwing issue. Well, I want you to know there is true bipartisan support in this Congress by Republicans and Democrats to improve the quality of our foreign aid. b1730 I thank Congressman YOHO for his leadership on that. He has done a great job in making sure that this is a bipar-tisan issue because it is crucial that we reduce poverty and improve security across the globe, and it is also crucial that the U.S., as the largest, strongest economy in the world, plays a strong role in that effort. This bill will put us in a better posi-tion to do precisely that. I will also say, I think this is but the first of many efforts that we can have on im-proving the quality of foreign aid, of making it more effective and more ro-bust. It is worth noting that this bill also expands the amount of money that is available to our foreign lending. It gives them more money to deal with. I strongly support this bill, this bi-partisan effort, and I appreciate Con-gressman Y
OHO’s leadership. I look for-ward to continuing to work with him on this and many other issues. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 4989. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, in clos-ing, I want to commend the sponsors of this legislation and the leadership of our committee. I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.088 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6333 July 17, 2018 
and I point out that this bill received a unanimous bipartisan voice vote in our committee, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I ask for an ‘‘aye’’ vote on the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5105, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
WOMEN’S ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND ECONOMIC EMPOWERMENT ACT OF 2018 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5480) to improve pro-grams and activities relating to wom-en’s entrepreneurship and economic empowerment that are carried out by the United States Agency for Inter-national Development, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5480 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Women’s Entrepreneurship and Economic Empower-ment Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) Because women make up the majority of the world’s poor and gender inequalities prevail in incomes, wages, access to finance, ownership of assets, and control over the al-location of resources, women’s entrepreneur-ship and economic empowerment is impor-tant to achieve inclusive economic growth at all levels of society. Research shows that when women exert greater influence over household finances, economic outcomes for families improve, and childhood survival rates, food security, and educational attain-ment increase. Women also tend to place a greater emphasis on household savings which improves families’ financial resiliency. (2) A 2016 report by the McKinsey Global Institute estimated that achieving global gender parity in economic activity could add as much as $28 trillion to annual global gross domestic product (GDP) by 2025. (3) Lack of access to financial services that address gender-specific constraints impedes women’s economic inclusion. More than one billion women around the world are cur-rently left out of the formal financial sys-tem, which in turn causes many women to rely on informal means of saving and bor-rowing that are riskier and less reliable. Among other consequences, this hampers the success of women entrepreneurs, including those seeking to run or grow small and me-dium-sized enterprises (SMEs). The Inter-national Finance Corporation has estimated that 70 percent of women-owned SMEs in the formal sector are unserved or underserved in terms of access to credit, amounting to a $285 billion credit gap. (4) Women’s economic empowerment is in-extricably linked to a myriad of other wom-en’s human rights that are essential to their ability to thrive as economic actors across the lifecycle. This includes, but is not lim-ited to, living lives free of violence and ex-ploitation, achieving the highest possible standard of health and well-being, enjoying full legal and human rights such as access to registration, identification, and citizenship documents, benefitting from formal and in-formal education, and equal protection of and access to land and property rights, ac-cess to fundamental labor rights, policies to address disproportionate care burdens, and business and management skills and leader-ship opportunities. (5) Discriminatory legal and regulatory systems and banking practices are hurdles to women’s access to capital and assets, includ-ing land, machinery, production facilities, technology, and human resources. Often, these barriers are connected to a woman’s marital status, which can determine whether she is able to inherit land or own property in her name. These constraints contribute to women frequently running smaller busi-nesses, with fewer employees and lower asset values. (6) Savings groups primarily comprised of women are recognized as a vital entry point, especially for poor and very poor women, to formal financial services and there is a high demand for such groups to protect and grow their savings with formal financial institu-tions. Evidence shows that, once linked to a bank, the average savings per member in-creases between 40 to 100 percent and the av-erage profit per member doubles. Key to these outcomes is investing in financial lit-eracy, business leadership training, and mentorship. (7) United States support for microenter-prise and microfinance development pro-grams, which seek to reduce poverty in low- income countries by giving small loans to small-scale entrepreneurs without collateral, have been a useful mechanism to help fami-lies weather economic shocks, but many microcredit borrowers largely remain in pov-erty. The vast majority of microcredit bor-rowers are women who would like to move up the economic ladder but are held back by binding constraints that create a ‘‘missing middle’’–large numbers of microenterprises, a handful of large firms or conglomerates, and very few SMEs in between, which are critical to driving economic growth in devel-oping countries. (8) According to the World Bank, SMEs create 4 out of 5 new positions in emerging markets but about half of formal SMEs don’t have access to formal credit. The financing gap is even larger when micro and informal enterprises are taken into account. Overall, approximately 70 percent of all micro, small and medium-sized enterprises (MSMEs) in emerging markets lack access to credit. 
SEC. 3. ACTIONS TO IMPROVE GENDER POLICIES OF THE UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOP-MENT. 
(a) D EVELOPMENT COOPERATION POLICY .—It shall be the development cooperation policy of the United States— (1) to reduce gender disparities in access to, control over, and benefit from economic, social, political, and cultural resources, wealth, opportunities, and services; (2) to strive to eliminate gender-based vio-lence and mitigate its harmful effects on in-dividuals and communities through efforts to develop standards and capacity to reduce gender-based violence in the workplace and other places where women conduct work; (3) to support activities that secure private property rights and land tenure for women in developing countries, including legal frame-works to give women equal rights to own, register, use, profit from, and inherit land and property, legal literacy to exercise these rights, and capacity of law enforcement and community leaders to enforce such rights; and (4) to increase the capability of women and girls to realize their rights, determine their life outcomes, assume leadership roles, and influence decision-making in households, communities, and societies. (b) ACTIONS .—In order to advance the pol-icy described in subsection (a), the Adminis-trator of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development shall ensure that— (1) strategies, projects, and activities of the Agency are shaped by a gender analysis and, when applicable, use standard indica-tors to provide one measure of success of such strategies, projects, and activities; and (2) gender equality and female empower-ment is integrated throughout the Agency’s Program Cycle and related processes for pur-poses of strategic planning, project design and implementation, and monitoring and evaluation. (c) G
ENDER ANALYSIS DEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘gender analysis’’— (1) means a socio-economic analysis of available or gathered quantitative and quali-tative information to identify, understand, and explain gaps between men and women which typically involves examining— (A) differences in the status of women and men and their differential access to and con-trol over assets, resources, opportunities, and services; (B) the influence of gender roles, structural barriers, and norms on the division of time between paid employment, unpaid work (in-cluding subsistence production and care for family members), and volunteer activities; (C) the influence of gender roles, structural barriers, and norms on leadership roles and decision making; constraints, opportunities, and entry points for narrowing gender gaps and empowering women; and (D) potential differential impacts of devel-opment policies and programs on men and women, including unintended or negative consequences; and (2) includes conclusions and recommenda-tions to enable development policies and pro-grams to narrow gender gaps and improve the lives of women and girls. 
SEC. 4. DEVELOPMENT ASSISTANCE FOR MICRO, SMALL AND MEDIUM-SIZED ENTER-PRISES. 
(a) F INDINGS AND POLICY .—Section 251 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2211) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘microenterprise’’ and in-serting ‘‘micro, small and medium-sized en-terprise’’; (B) by striking ‘‘and in the development’’ and inserting ‘‘, in the development’’; and (C) by adding at the end before the period the following: ‘‘, and in the economic em-powerment of the poor, especially women’’; (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘microenterprise’’ and in-serting ‘‘micro, small and medium-sized en-terprise’’; and (B) by adding at the end before the period the following: ‘‘, particularly those enter-prises owned, managed, and controlled by women’’; (3) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘micro-enterprises’’ and inserting ‘‘micro, small and medium-sized enterprises’’; (4) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘microen-terprise’’ and inserting ‘‘micro, small and medium-sized enterprise’’; (5) in paragraph (5)— (A) by striking ‘‘should continue’’ and in-serting ‘‘should continue and be expanded’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.090 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6334 July 17, 2018 
(B) by striking ‘‘microenterprise and microfinance development assistance’’ and inserting ‘‘development assistance for micro, small and medium-sized enterprises’’; and (6) in paragraph (6)— (A) by striking ‘‘have been successful’’ and inserting ‘‘have had some success’’; (B) by striking ‘‘microenterprise pro-grams’’ and inserting ‘‘development assist-ance for micro, small and medium-sized en-terprises’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘, such as countries in Latin America’’. (b) A
UTHORIZATION ; IMPLEMENTATION ; TAR-
GETED ASSISTANCE .—Section 252 of the For-eign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2211a) is amended as follows: (1) In subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘credit, savings, and other services’’ and inserting ‘‘credit, including the use of innovative credit scoring models, savings, financial technology, financial lit-eracy, insurance, property rights, and other services’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘microfinance and micro-enterprise clients’’ and inserting ‘‘micro, small and medium-sized enterprise clients’’; (B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘micro-finance and microenterprise clients’’ and in-serting ‘‘micro, small and medium-sized en-terprise clients, particularly those clients owned, managed, and controlled by women’’; (C) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘microenterprises’’ and in-serting ‘‘micro, small and medium-sized en-terprises’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘acquire United States goods and services,’’ after ‘‘United States markets,’’; (D) in paragraph (3)— (i) by striking ‘‘microfinance and microen-terprise institutions’’ and inserting ‘‘finan-cial intermediaries’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘microfinance and micro-enterprise clients’’ and inserting ‘‘micro, small and medium-sized enterprises’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (E) in paragraph (4)— (i) by striking ‘‘microfinance and microen-terprise clients and institutions’’ and insert-ing ‘‘micro, small and medium-sized enter-prises, financial intermediaries, and capital markets’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘the poor and very poor.’’ and inserting ‘‘the poor and very poor, espe-cially women;’’; and (F) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) assistance for the purpose of pro-moting the economic empowerment of women, including through increased access to financial resources and improving prop-erty rights, inheritance rights, and other legal protections; and ‘‘(6) assistance for the purpose of scaling up evidence-based graduation approaches, which include targeting the very poor and households in ultra-poverty, consumption support, promotion of savings, skills train-ing, and asset transfers.’’. (2) In subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—There is authorized to be established within the Agency an office to support the Agency’s efforts to broaden and deepen local financial markets, expand ac-cess to appropriate financial products and services, and support the development of micro, small and medium-sized enterprises. The Office shall be headed by a Director who shall possess technical expertise and ability to offer leadership in the field of financial sector development.’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking ‘‘U
SE OF CENTRAL FUNDING  
MECHANISMS .—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘In order to ensure’’ and inserting ‘‘U
SE OF  CENTRAL FUNDING MECHANISMS .—In order to ensure’’; (II) by striking ‘‘the office shall’’ and all that follows through ‘‘and other practi-tioners’’ and inserting ‘‘the office shall pro-vide coordination and support for field-im-plemented programs, including through tar-geted core support for micro, small and me-dium-sized enterprises and local financial markets’’; and (III) by striking clause (ii); (ii) in subparagraph (C)— (I) by inserting ‘‘, particularly by pro-tecting the use and funding of local organiza-tions in countries in which the Agency in-vests,’’ after ‘‘and sustainability’’; and (II) by inserting ‘‘, especially women’’ after ‘‘the poor and very poor’’; and (C) by striking paragraph (3). (3) In subsection (c)— (A) by striking ‘‘all microenterprise re-sources’’ and inserting ‘‘all micro, small and medium-sized enterprise resources’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘clients who are very poor.’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘ac-tivities that reach the very poor, and 50 per-cent of all small and medium-sized enter-prise resources shall be targeted to activities that reach enterprises owned, managed, and controlled by women.’’. (c) M
ONITORING SYSTEM .—Section 253(b) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2211b(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, includ-ing goals on a gender disaggregated basis, such as improvements in employment, ac-cess to financial services, enterprise develop-ment, earnings and control over income, and property and land rights,’’ after ‘‘perform-ance goals’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘include performance indicators’’ and all that follows through ‘‘the achievement’’ and inserting ‘‘incorporate Agency planning and reporting processes and indicators to measure or assess the achievement’’; and (3) by striking paragraph (4). (d) P
OVERTY MEASUREMENT METHODS .—Sec- tion 254 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2211c) is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘SEC. 254. POVERTY MEASUREMENT METHODS. 
‘‘The Administrator of the Agency, in con-sultation with financial intermediaries and other appropriate organizations, should have in place at least one method for imple-menting partners to use to assess poverty levels of their current incoming or prospec-tive clients.’’. (e) A
DDITIONAL AUTHORITIES .—Section 255 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2211d) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘assistance for microenter-prise development assistance’’ and inserting ‘‘development assistance for micro, small and medium-sized enterprises’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘and, to the extent applica-ble’’ and all that follows and inserting a pe-riod. (f) M
ICROENTERPRISE DEVELOPMENT CRED-
ITS.—Section 256 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2212) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
MI-
CROENTERPRISE DEVELOPMENT CREDITS ’’ and inserting ‘‘
DEVELOPMENT CREDITS FOR MICRO , 
SMALL AND MEDIUM -SIZED ENTERPRISES ’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘micro- and small enterprises’’ and inserting ‘‘micro, small and medium-sized enterprises’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘micro-enterprises’’ and inserting ‘‘micro, small and medium-sized enterprises’’; (3) in subsection (b), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and other financial services’’ after ‘‘credit’’; (4) by striking ‘‘microenterprise house-holds’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘micro, small and medium-sized enterprises and households’’; and (5) by striking ‘‘microfinance institutions’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘finan-cial intermediaries’’. (g) UNITED STATES MICROFINANCE LOANFA-
CILITY .—Section 257 of the Foreign Assist-ance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2213) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘United States-supported microfinance institutions’’ and inserting ‘‘United States-supported fi-nancial intermediaries’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘United States-supported microfinance institutions’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘United States-sup-ported financial intermediaries’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘micro-finance institutions’’ and inserting ‘‘finan-cial intermediaries’’. (h) C
ONTENTS OF REPORT .—Subsection (b) of section 258 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2214) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS .—To the extent practicable, the report should contain the following: ‘‘(1) Information about assistance provided under section 252, including— ‘‘(A) the amount of each grant or other form of assistance; ‘‘(B) the name and type of each inter-mediary and implementing partner organiza-tion receiving assistance; ‘‘(C) the name of each country receiving assistance; and ‘‘(D) the methodology used to ensure com-pliance with the targeted assistance require-ments in subsection (c) of such section. ‘‘(2) The percentage of assistance provided under section 252 disaggregated by income level, including for the very poor, and gen-der. ‘‘(3) The estimated number of individuals that received assistance provided under sec-tion 252 disaggregated by income level, in-cluding for the very poor, and gender, and by type of assistance, including loans, training, and business development services. ‘‘(4) The results of the monitoring system required under section 253. ‘‘(5) Information about any method in place to assess poverty levels under section 254.’’. (i) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 259 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2214a) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘Com-mittee on International Relations’’ and in-serting ‘‘Committee on Foreign Affairs’’; (2) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘micro-enterprises’’ and inserting ‘‘micro, small and medium-sized enterprises’’; (3) in paragraph (6)— (A) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘mi-croenterprise institution’’ and inserting ‘‘micro, small and medium-sized enterprise institution’’; and (B) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘microfinance institution’’ and inserting ‘‘fi-nancial intermediary’’; (4) in paragraph (7) to read as follows: ‘‘(7) M
ICRO, SMALL AND MEDIUM -SIZED EN -
TERPRISE INSTITUTION .—The term ‘micro, small and medium-sized enterprise institu-tion’ means an entity that provides services, including finance, training, or business de-velopment services, for micro, small and me-dium-sized enterprises in foreign countries.’’; (5) in paragraph (8) to read as follows: ‘‘(8) F
INANCIAL INTERMEDIARY .—The term ‘financial intermediary’ means the entity that acts as the intermediary between par-ties in a financial transaction, such as a bank, credit union, investment fund, a vil-lage savings and loan group, or an institu-tion that provides financial services to a micro, small or medium-sized enterprise.’’; (6) by striking paragraph (9); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.033 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6335 July 17, 2018 
(7) by redesignating paragraphs (10) through (14) as paragraphs (9) through (13), respectively; (8) in paragraph (9) (as redesignated), by striking ‘‘of microenterprise development’’; (9) in paragraph (10) to read as follows: ‘‘(10) P
RACTITIONER INSTITUTION .—The term ‘practitioner institution’ means a not-for- profit entity, financial intermediary, infor-mation and communications technology firm with a mobile money platform, a village and savings loan group, or any other entity that provides financial or business development services authorized under section 252 that benefits micro, small and medium-sized en-terprise clients.’’; (10) in paragraph (12) (as redesignated)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
UNITED  
STATES -SUPPORTED MICROFINANCE INSTITU -
TION’’ and inserting ‘‘ UNITED STATES -SUP-
PORTED FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARY ’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘United States-supported microfinance institution’’ and inserting ‘‘United States-supported financial inter-mediary’’; (11) in subparagraph (B) of paragraph (13) (as redesignated) to read as follows: ‘‘(B) living below the International Pov-erty Line, as defined by the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and the International Development Associa-tion (collectively referred to as the ‘World Bank’).’’. (j) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—Title VI of chapter 2 of part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 is amended in the title heading by striking ‘‘MICROEN-TERPRISE DEVELOPMENT ASSISTANCE’’ and inserting ‘‘DEVELOPMENT ASSIST-ANCE FOR MICRO, SMALL AND MEDIUM– SIZED ENTERPRISES’’. 
SEC. 5. REPORT AND BRIEFING BY UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTER-NATIONAL DEVELOPMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development shall provide a briefing and submit to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on For-eign Relations of the Senate a report on the implementation of this Act and the amend-ments made by this Act, including actions to improve the gender policies of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment pursuant to section 3. (b) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The report re-quired under paragraph (1) shall be posted and made available on a text-based, search-able, and publicly-available internet website. 
SEC. 6. REPORT BY COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate a report on development assistance for micro, small and medium-sized enter-prises administered by the United States Agency for International Development. (b) M
ATTERS TO BEINCLUDED .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include an assessment of the following: (1) What is known about the impact of such development assistance on the economies of developing countries. (2) The extent to which such development assistance is targeting women and the very poor, including what is known about how such development assistance benefits women. (3) The extent to which the United States Agency for International Development has developed a methodology used to ensure compliance with the targeted assistance re-quirement in section 252(c) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as amended by sec-tion 4 of this Act, and the quality of such methodology. (4) The monitoring system required in sec-tion 253(b) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as amended by section 4 of this Act, in-cluding the quality of such monitoring sys-tem. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-tleman from California (Mr. S
HERMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ). 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material in the record. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California. There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am the author of this measure. It is the Women’s Entrepre-neurship and Economic Empowerment Act, and I want to thank those mem-bers on the staff that worked on this measure: Amy Porter, Joan Condon, Jessica Kelch, and Emily Cottle, and I thank them because around the globe, women make up the majority of the world’s poor. This is due, in part, to gender constraints that in some places deny women access to basic financial services, like savings accounts. Today, more than 1 billion women re-main left outside of the formal finan-cial system, and women-owned, small- and medium-sized enterprises face a $300 billion credit gap. A 2014 analysis found that closing the gender gap and access to credit for small- and medium- sized women-owned businesses would increase per capita GDP by 12 percent in developing countries. That is be-cause when women exercise greater in-fluence over finances, literally, every-one benefits. Childhood survival rates, food secu-rity, children’s education, economic opportunity for families, all of that in-creases. Investment in women yields results for entire communities. Indeed, countries with high female labor force participation rates are more resilient to economic shocks and suffer fewer slowdowns in economic growth. A 2016 report estimated that achiev-ing global gender parity in economic activity by 2025 would add as much as $28 trillion to annual GDP, an amount equal to the combined economies of the United States and China. Confronting the barriers that keep women from being able to fully partici-pate in their local markets is key to generating sustainable, economic growth. And this means not only ex-panding women’s access to the finan-cial system, but also, as cell phones be-come more and more available, expand-ing their access to new financial tech-nology like mobile money. The Women’s Entrepreneurship and Economic Empowerment Act addresses barriers to women’s economic inclusion in developing countries by requiring that all USAID strategies and projects and activities be shaped by a gender analysis and by expanding the agency’s microenterprise assistance authorities to support small-and medium-sized women-owned businesses. This is crit-ical as small- and medium-sized enter-prises create four out of five new jobs in developing economies. So the bill is the result of the com-mittee’s extended focus on empowering women and girls through U.S. foreign policy, which has been the subject of five full committee hearings and other subcommittee hearings in recent Con-gresses. Our women’s empowerment initiative has produced significant leg-islation including: the Girls Count Act of 2015, the Protecting Girls’ Access to Education in Vulnerable Settings Act, and the Women, Peace, and Security Act of 2017, among others. Mr. Speaker, I believe that we should invest our limited foreign assistance dollars wisely, and I have seen the good things that happen when we focus on empowering women. That is what this bill does, and I ask for my colleagues’ support in helping to make it happen. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure, H.R. 5480, the Women’s Entre-preneurship and Economic Empower-ment Act. I want to thank Mr. R
OYCE  and Ms. L
OISFRANKEL for their work on this bill. This is an important bill that ex-pands U.S. development policy to em-power women entrepreneurs in devel-oping countries. In 2016, the McKinsey Global Institute estimated that achiev-ing global gender parity in economic activity could add as much as $28 tril-lion to the annual gross domestic prod-uct by the year 2025. This bill will help unlock the produc-tive power of women, and particularly women-owned small- and medium-sized enterprises. In the interest of time, I won’t go into the details because we have excellent speakers on both sides of the aisle. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to support this bill, which passed our committee by a unanimous bipartisan voice vote, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield the balance of my time to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ), chairwoman emeritus on the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and I ask unanimous consent that she may control that time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman R
OYCE for introducing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.033 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6336 July 17, 2018 
this important bipartisan measure be-fore us today, and of course, congratu-late both him and Ranking Member E
NGEL , who work so well in bringing important legislation in a bipartisan manner to the floor every day. This is H.R. 5480, the Women’s Entre-preneurship and Economic Empower-ment Act, and I am a proud cosponsor of this bipartisan measure. We know that when women work, and the num-ber of women in the workforce is in-creasing, there is a corresponding growth in economies. The benefit that results from empow-ering women and expanding their eco-nomic activities are far reaching. They have a great society impact. From the household to communities, to local, State, and the Federal level, we would see drastic improvements if women not only had greater access, but greater in-fluence over income and finances. Yet, sadly, women continue to face seemingly insurmountable barriers that deter them from becoming full and equal members of society, particu-larly when it comes to access to formal financial institutions, and that is what this bill would do. It updates and ex-pands USAID policies with respect to microenterprise assistance authority, to chip away at those barriers that exist now. It will also include support for small- and medium-sized enter-prises. These are the real drivers of em-ployment in so many places around the globe. Also, it would provide women with greater access to economic activities. It will improve the working environ-ment for women and support their property rights. It is a commonsense approach, Mr. Speaker. By increasing women’s participation in the workforce around the world, we will be creating greater economic benefits with positive implications for all aspects of society. Mr. Speaker, I fully support Mr. R
OYCE ’s measure. I urge my colleagues to do the same, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. F
RANKEL ), the lead Demo-cratic sponsor of this bill. Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, keeping peace in the world, reducing terrorism, creating safe environments where countries can be self-reliant and people can be pros-perous is not just about more guns and bombs. Addressing the root causes of global upheaval is an important task. It is an important task of USAID that calls itself the world’s premier development agency, which leads me to thank Mr. R
OYCE and Ranking Member E NGEL for their bipartisan leadership and for the other cosponsors of this legislation for this very important bill that we call the Women’s Entrepreneurship and Economic Empowerment Act, which recognizes that when girls and women of the world are free from violence, educated, and have access to tools for economic success, their communities are more safe, more economically vi-brant, and more peaceful. This is, of course, when women exert greater influence over household fi-nances, economic outcomes for their families improve. The childhood sur-vival rates go up, food security, and educational attainment increases for their children. Women actually place a greater emphasis on household savings, which improves a family’s financial re-siliency. Mr. Speaker, it is hard to com-prehend the hardships and obstacles that women face globally. I think of a girl like Fatim, born in Mali. At just 8 months old, she was subjected to gen-ital mutilation. By age 12, her father sold her for marriage to a man she had never met. She is among the one in three girls worldwide who will suffer gender-based violence. I think of Nasha, a young Nigerian, desperate for an education, who walks miles, fearful of sexual violence or kid-napping just to get to class. She doesn’t want to become one of the 130 million girls worldwide who are out of school; or Kamila, a woman in Paki-stan who dreams of starting her own business and being able to care for her family, but discriminatory laws pre-vent her from owning property or ac-cessing credit. She is among the 1 billion women in the world excluded from the formal fi-nancial system. Given all of the road-blocks, it is not surprising that women and girls are the majority of the world’s poor. Here is the thing: Many of these cruel and unfair practices make the world poorer, too, as we have heard from my colleagues. According to the McKinsey Global Institute, a leading international private sector think tank, if we change this equation and we advance women’s equality, we could add trillions to the global GDP in just years. We are recognizing today that there is an undeniable link between women’s economic success and global prosperity and peacefulness and security. Now, this bill has several compo-nents. It makes it USAID policy to do the following: to reduce gender gaps in economic opportunity; to strive to eliminate gender-based violence; to support women’s property rights; and to increase the capability of women and girls to determine their own fu-ture. b1745 Next, the bill requires that 50 percent of USAID’s resources for small- and medium-sized enterprises be targeted to reach enterprises owned, managed, and controlled by women. It codifies USAID’s practice of shaping policy and activities through a gender analysis. As important, to ensure that our de-velopment assistance is reaching women, this legislation mandates that USAID track and measure improve-ments in women’s economic empower-ment, including employment, access to financial services, enterprise develop-ment, earnings and control over in-come, and property and land rights. Finally, this legislation also expands the scope of development assistance from microenterprises to small-and medium-sized enterprises to reflect changes in the field. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman an additional 1 minute. Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I thank my colleagues for joining me in support of this critical bill. Again, it is not about bombs, military, and guns. Remember this: when women succeed, when girls succeed, their na-tions succeed. Mr. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ne-vada (Ms. TITUS). Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman for yielding. I thank Chairman R
OYCE and Rank-ing Member E
NGEL for bringing this legislation, but especially my col-league, Congresswoman F
RANKEL , for being such a champion for women’s rights and issues not only in this coun-try, but around the globe. I am proud to be a cosponsor of this bill, the Women’s Entrepreneurship and Economic Empowerment Act, which, as you have heard by those more eloquent than I, will help to en-sure that women’s economic develop-ment is a fundamental tenet of U.S. de-velopment policy. Women tend to spend more of their money on family costs like education and healthcare than men do. Unfortu-nately, they lack access to financial services and must rely on riskier and less reliable means of borrowing and saving. If global gender parity in economic activity were achieved, we could add as much as $28 trillion to the annual glob-al GDP. That should be incentive enough for us to work to ensure that our government understands and has the capabilities to meet the unique economic needs of women, particularly since women represent more than half the world’s population and a majority of the world’s poor. Now, in addition to serving on the Foreign Affairs Committee, I am proud to be the co-chair of the Congressional Mongolian Caucus. We are working with the Mongolian Government to support the cashmere production in-dustry to diversify its mining-depend-ent economy. Notably, an average of 90 percent of the workers in the Mongo-lian textile sector are female. So if we work to ensure that these women in the cashmere industry have the sup-port, resources, and financial literacy to prosper, we will not only be boosting individual women, we will be boosting an entire economy and will be boosting Mongolia overall. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.093 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6337 July 17, 2018 
This is just one example where uplift-ing women can benefit an entire indus-try, a society, and a national pros-perity, which, in turn, fosters demo-cratic stability. As Lois has said, when women succeed, the world succeeds, so I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I invite my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill. Women and girls around the world must be included in and empowered by ongoing U.S. investments in diplo-macy, development, and security. The Women’s Entrepreneurship and Eco-nomic Empowerment Act requires USAID to address gender-specific chal-lenges across the world, and it expands support for small- and medium-sized enterprises that are owned, managed, and controlled by women. It also ex-plicitly establishes that it is our na-tional policy to support the empower-ment of women worldwide. Mr. Speaker, I urge support of this bill, which passed our committee by unanimous, bipartisan voice vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman R
OYCE and my friend from Florida, Congresswoman F
RANKEL , for bringing forward this important bipartisan bill. All countries of the world stand to benefit from the increased participa-tion of women in their economies and in their societies at large. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to vote ‘‘aye,’’ and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5480, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
EAST ROSEBUD WILD AND SCENIC RIVERS ACT Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4645) to amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to designate certain segments of East Rosebud Creek in Carbon County, Montana, as compo-nents of the Wild and Scenic Rivers System. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4645 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘East Rose-bud Wild and Scenic Rivers Act’’. SEC. 2. FINDINGS; PURPOSE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (1) East Rosebud Creek is cherished by the people of Montana and visitors from across the United States for its clean water, spec-tacular natural setting, and outstanding rec-reational opportunities; (2) recreational activities, including fish-ing, hunting, camping, paddling, hiking, rock climbing, and wildlife watching, on East Rosebud Creek and the surrounding land generate millions of dollars annually for the local economy; (3) East Rosebud Creek— (A) is a national treasure; (B) possesses outstandingly remarkable values; and (C) merits the high level of protection af-forded by the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act (16 U.S.C. 1271 et seq.) in order to maintain the benefits provided by the Creek, as described in paragraphs (1) and (2), for future genera-tions to enjoy; and (4) designation of select public land seg-ments of East Rosebud Creek under the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act (16 U.S.C. 1271 et seq.) would recognize the importance of maintain-ing the values of the Creek while preserving public access, respecting private property rights, allowing appropriate maintenance of existing infrastructure, and allowing histor-ical uses of the Creek to continue. (b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of this Act is to designate East Rosebud Creek in the State of Montana as a component of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System to preserve and protect for present and future genera-tions the outstandingly remarkable scenic, recreational, and geologic values of the Creek. 
SEC. 3. DESIGNATION OF WILD AND SCENIC RIVER SEGMENTS. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—Section 3(a) of the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act (16 U.S.C. 1274(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(213) E
AST ROSEBUD CREEK , MONTANA .—The portions of East Rosebud Creek in the State of Montana, consisting of— ‘‘(A) the 13-mile segment exclusively on public land within the Custer National For-est from the source in the Absaroka- Beartooth Wilderness downstream to the point at which the Creek enters East Rose-bud Lake, including the stream reach be-tween Twin Outlets Lake and Fossil Lake, to be administered by the Secretary of Agri-culture as a wild river; and ‘‘(B) the 7-mile segment exclusively on public land within the Custer National For-est from immediately below, but not includ-ing, the outlet of East Rosebud Lake down-stream to the point at which the Creek en-ters private property for the first time, to be administered by the Secretary of Agriculture as a recreational river.’’. (b) A
DJACENT MANAGEMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Nothing in paragraph (213) of section 3(a) of the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act (16 U.S.C. 1274(a)) (as added by sub-section (a)) creates a protective perimeter or buffer zone outside the designated boundary of the river segment designated by that para-graph. (2) O
UTSIDE ACTIVITIES .—The fact that an otherwise authorized activity or use can be seen or heard within the boundary of the river segment designated by paragraph (213) of section 3(a) of the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act (16 U.S.C. 1274(a)) (as added by sub-section (a)) shall not preclude the activity or use outside the boundary of the river seg-ment. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) and the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
RI-
JALVA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, East Rosebud Creek is located in Carbon County, Montana, just north of Absaroka-Beartooth Wil-derness in the Custer National Forest. The bill before us designates a 13- mile segment of East Rosebud Creek, beginning at its source, the East Rose-bud Lake, as a wild and scenic river. A second 7-mile segment from the outlet of East Rosebud Lake to the point where the waterway enters private property would be designated as a rec-reational river. This legislation specifically applies only to the segments of the creek that lie within public lands. Important his-torical uses outside of the wild and sce-nic boundary are protected by this bill. Finally, H.R. 4645 explicitly prevents the creation of a buffer zone to restrict land use outside of the designated area. This legislation is the result of a compromise supported by a diverse co-alition that includes local ranchers, sportsmen, conservationists, and busi-ness owners. Companion legislation has been introduced with the support of both Montana Senators. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I my consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill designates a 13- mile segment of East Rosebud Creek in the Custer National Forest as a wild river under the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act. This segment was nominated for des-ignation in 1989, so 30 years later it fi-nally comes to Congress, and we are moving forward with the recognition and protection it deserves. The bill contributes to a proud leg-acy of preserving free and flowing riv-ers for future generations, and I want to extend my congratulations to the sponsor of the legislation and the en-tire Montana delegation for their fine work. I know there are several bills that have been introduced by Democrats that seek to designate wild and scenic rivers in their districts. I hope we can move those along as well by working together to make sure these places also receive the appropriate attention as this particular one did. For now, Mr. Speaker, I am happy to urge my colleagues to join me in sup-porting the legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.094 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6338 July 17, 2018 
the author of this measure, the gen-tleman from Montana (Mr. G
IANFORTE ). Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, East Rosebud Creek is one of Montana’s most picturesque and popular streams. It is located in Carbon County, Mon-tana, just north of the Absaroka- Beartooth Wilderness in the Custer Na-tional Forest. It provides important habitat for fish and wildlife as well as a myriad of recreational activities, in-cluding hiking, fishing, hunting, kayaking, and climbing. My bill designates a 13-mile section of East Rosebud Creek beginning at its source, the East Rosebud Lake, as a wild river. A second 7-mile section from the outlet of East Rosebud Lake to the point where the waterway enters private property would be designated as a recreational river. This legislation specifically applies only to the segments of the creek that lie within public lands. Important his-torical uses outside of the wild and sce-nic river boundary are protected by this bill. Finally, H.R. 4645 explicitly prevents the creation of a buffer zone to restrict land use outside of the designated area. This legislation represents a great compromise that has earned support from a diverse coalition that includes local ranchers, sportsmen, conserva-tionists, businesses owners, and others. Companion legislation has been intro-duced with the support of the entire Montana delegation, including both Senators. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this measure. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4645. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
AUTHORIZING NATIONAL EMER-GENCY MEDICAL SERVICES ME-MORIAL FOUNDATION TO ESTAB-LISH COMMEMORATIVE WORK Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1037) to authorize the Na-tional Emergency Medical Services Me-morial Foundation to establish a com-memorative work in the District of Co-lumbia and its environs, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1037 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. AUTHORIZATION TO ESTABLISH COM-MEMORATIVE WORK. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The National Emergency Medical Services Memorial Foundation may es-tablish a commemorative work on Federal land in the District of Columbia and its environs to commemorate the commitment and service rep-resented by emergency medical services. (b) COMPLIANCE WITHSTANDARDS FOR COM-
MEMORATIVE WORKS.—The establishment of the commemorative work under this section shall be in accordance with chapter 89 of title 40, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Com-memorative Works Act’’). (c) P
ROHIBITION ON THE USE OF FEDERAL  F
UNDS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Federal funds may not be used to pay any expense of the establishment of the commemorative work under this section. (2) R
ESPONSIBILITY OF NATIONAL EMERGENCY  
MEDICAL SERVICES MEMORIAL FOUNDATION .—The National Emergency Medical Services Memorial Foundation shall be solely responsible for ac-ceptance of contributions for, and payment of the expenses of, the establishment of the com-memorative work under this section. (d) D
EPOSIT OF EXCESS FUNDS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If upon payment of all ex-penses for the establishment of the memorial (in-cluding the maintenance and preservation amount required by section 8906(b)(1) of title 40, United States Code), there remains a balance of funds received for the establishment of the com-memorative work, the Foundation shall transmit the amount of the balance to the Secretary of the Interior for deposit in the account provided for in section 8906(b)(3) of title 40, United States Code. (2) O
N EXPIRATION OF AUTHORITY .—If upon expiration of the authority for the commemora-tive work under section 8903(e) of title 40, United States Code, there remains a balance of funds received for the establishment of the com-memorative work, the Foundation shall transmit the amount of the balance to a separate account with the National Park Foundation for memo-rials, to be available to the Secretary of the In-terior or Administrator (as appropriate) fol-lowing the process provided in section 8906(b)(4) of title 40, United States Code, for accounts es-tablished under 8906(b)(2) or (3) of title 40, United States Code. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) and the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
RI-
JALVA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, each year 850,000 EMS providers answer more than 30 million calls to serve 22 million patients in need at a moment’s notice and without reservation. For these heroes who serve on the front lines of medicine, sacrifice is a part of their calling. EMTs and paramedics have a rate of injury that is about three times the national aver-age for all occupations, and some pay the ultimate price in the service of helping others. The men and women of the emer-gency medical services profession face danger every day to save lives and help their neighbors in crisis. They respond to incidents ranging from a single per-son’s medical emergency to natural and manmade disasters, including ter-rorist attacks. But while their first re-sponder peers in law enforcement and firefighting have been honored with na-tional memorials, EMS providers have not. H.R. 1037 aims to change that. The National Emergency Medical Services Memorial Foundation exists to honor, recognize, and remember the commitment, service, and sacrifice of our Nation’s EMS heroes. H.R. 1037 would authorize this foundation to place a commemorative work on Fed-eral land in the District of Columbia to commemorate the commitment and service represented by the EMS com-munity. The foundation will be solely responsible for funding the project, and no Federal funds will be required. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. LYNCH ), who is the principal sponsor of the legislation. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from California for his words of support and also thank the gentleman from Arizona for the courtesy of yielding me this time. Mr. Speaker, I rise to express strong support for my bill, H.R. 1037, the Na-tional Emergency Medical Services Commemorative Work Act. This bipar-tisan legislation will create a National Emergency Medical Services Memorial Foundation to establish a commemora-tive memorial located here on Federal land in Washington, D.C., that will highlight and honor the commitment and sacrifice of emergency medical per-sonnel across the United States. As the chairman noted, each year, there are 850,000 first responders of the emergency medical services who an-swer over 30 million calls while serving 22 million Americans who are in need of lifesaving care. Americans rely on the courage and selfless sacrifice of the men and women of the emergency medical services, and we all deeply appreciate their commit-ment to maintaining safety and med-ical security in our country. b1800 Mr. Speaker, this memorial will serve as a symbol of their sacrifice dur-ing the darkest moments in our Na-tion’s history. For example, this September will mark the 17th anniversary of the at-tacks on the World Trade Center in New York City. On that day, within minutes of the attack, more than 100 EMS units and dozens of private ambu-lances raced to the site, setting up triage centers to treat the wounded. Of the nearly 3,000 victims that died on September 11th, 10 were courageous EMS personnel. More than a decade later, in my home city of Boston, Massachusetts, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.097 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6339 July 17, 2018 
EMS providers were literally on site within seconds of the explosions during the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings. As a result of their swift and well-coordi-nated rescue efforts, led by my dear friend and South Boston native, the late Boston EMS special ops director Captain Bob ‘‘Sarge’’ Haley, EMS per-sonnel were able to treat the 260 people who were injured. Lauded for his skills in designing and implementing world-class special ops measures in the city of Boston, Captain Sarge Haley’s leadership during the events of that day no doubt saved doz-ens of lives and is just another example of the sacrifice and heroism that H.R. 1037 seeks to memorialize. Lastly, Mr. Speaker, EMS personnel have been first on site for some of our Nation’s deadliest mass shootings. Dur-ing the Las Vegas shooting at the Route 91 Harvest music festival last fall, EMT Brittany Speer, who was at-tending the event with her family, set up a triage center after the shooting occurred. For years, EMS providers like Ms. Speer have treated and transported vic-tims in a professional and compas-sionate manner. This efficient and ef-fective response is a result of countless mass casualty exercises that EMS per-sonnel undertake. Mr. Speaker, this memorial is long overdue. These examples are just a small fraction of the countless in-stances in which EMS personnel have sacrificed and served our Nation. Every day, EMS personnel are exposed to countless risks and dangers in order to provide critical care for those who are in need. It is proper to recognize the efforts of our dedicated EMS first responders and memorialize the personal sacrifice made by more than 600 members of the Nation’s emergency medical service and, in turn, by their families and loved ones. As Members of Congress, we should pass this bipartisan bill and begin the creation of the commemorative memo-rial to EMS personnel. These individ-uals have rightfully earned this rec-ognition, and I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to stand as one and pass H.R. 1037. Again, I thank the gentleman from California for his sup-port. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Massachu-setts for bringing this bill to us. I urge its adoption, and I yield back the bal-ance of time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1037, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. f 
JUAB COUNTY CONVEYANCE ACT OF 2018 Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3777) to direct the Secretary of Agriculture to convey certain Na-tional Forest System land containing the Nephi Work Center in Juab County, Utah, to Juab County, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3777 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Juab County Conveyance Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. LAND CONVEYANCE, NEPHI WORK CEN-TER, JUAB COUNTY, UTAH. 
(a) C ONVEYANCE REQUIRED .—Subject to valid existing rights, if the County submits a written request to the Secretary not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall convey, without consideration and by quitclaim deed, to the County all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the parcel of National Forest System land, including improvements thereon, described in subsection (b). (b) D
ESCRIPTION OF LAND.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The parcel of National For-est System land and improvements to be con-veyed under subsection (a) is the Nephi Work Center at 740 South Main Street, Nephi, Utah, which consists of approximately 2.17 acres with-in Nephi Plat B Block of the Nephi Townsite Survey as Parcels #XA00-0545-1111 and #XA00- 0545-2, and is identified on the map entitled ‘‘Nephi Plat B’’ and dated May 6, 1981. (2) M
AP AND LEGAL DESCRIPTION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—As soon as practical after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Natural Re-sources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry of the Senate a map and legal description of the parcel described in paragraph (1). (B) M
INOR MODIFICATIONS .—The map and legal description submitted under this para-graph shall have the same force and effect as if included in this Act, except that the Secretary may make minor modifications of any clerical or typographical errors in the map or the legal de-scription. (C) C
OPY ON FILE .—A copy of the map and the legal description shall be on file and available for public inspection in the appropriate field of-fices of the U.S. Forest Service. (c) S
URVEY .—The exact acreage and legal de-scription of the National Forest System land to be conveyed under subsection (a) shall be deter-mined by a survey satisfactory to the Secretary. (d) C
OSTS OF CONVEYANCE .—As a condition for the conveyance under subsection (a), the County shall pay the reasonable costs incurred by the Secretary for— (1) the survey required by subsection (c); and (2) any environmental or administrative anal-ysis required by law related to the conveyance. (e) A
DDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .—The conveyance under subsection (a) is subject to any other terms and conditions as the Secretary considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States. (f) T
IME FOR COMPLETION OF CONVEYANCE .— The Secretary shall complete the conveyance under subsection (a) not later than one year after the date on which the County submits the written request described in subsection (a). (g) DEFINITIONS .—In this Act: (1) C
OUNTY .—The term ‘‘County’’ means Juab County, Utah. (2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Agriculture, acting through the Chief of the U.S. Forest Service. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) and the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
RI-
JALVA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3777, introduced by Congresswoman M
IALOVE, would au-thorize the transfer of approximately 2.6 acres of U.S. Forest Service land and improvements in the city of Nephi to Juab County, Utah. The bill would require the county to pay all convey-ance costs, including the cost of envi-ronmental analysis and surveying. This land has been designated by the U.S. Forest Service for administrative disposal since 2013. Under an agreement with the Forest Service, the county fire department houses its mitigation program on this site. On August 15, 2017, the county re-quested the Secretary of Agriculture to transfer this property to the county, which intends to use the land to house its wildlands fire team and equipment, with plans to construct a new fire sta-tion on the property. As fires continue to rage across the West, Congress should take every op-portunity to give local communities the resources and support they need to combat these catastrophic events. While this transfer represents just two ten-thousandths of 1 percent of the 1.5 million acres of Federal land in Juab County, the new fire station it will facilitate could mean the dif-ference between suppression and con-flagration when wildfire threatens Juab County. The legislation would also improve fire response services to surrounding communities and the Federal lands, since Juab County plans to use this land to house its wildlands fire team equipment. There is strong local support from the county and its elected officials for this conveyance. By ensuring that the surrounding communities and public lands have the emergency response re-sources they need to respond to cata-strophic wildfire, H.R. 3777 furthers the important local-Federal partnership 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.100 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6340 July 17, 2018 
that is critical to restoring the Federal Government as a good neighbor to the communities it impacts. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. At the markup of H.R. 3777, we voiced our concerns that the conveyance au-thorized by this bill does not include any standard requirements such as, if it is sold, fair market value; if it is conveyed, a reversionary clause. Unfor-tunately, the majority rejected our amendment to include a reversionary clause. We recognize that this property was identified as suitable for administra-tive disposal, but that designation doesn’t mean that it is worthless. We are not being greedy or unreasonable, just mindful of history and precedent. With that said, we recognize how im-portant this conveyance is to the coun-ty, and we will save this particular fight for another day. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Utah (Mrs. L
OVE). Mrs. LOVE. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased that this bill is being consid-ered today. This bill is both timely and extremely important to my constitu-ents. This summer, tens of thousands of acres have burned throughout Utah. Unfortunately, many regions in the State remain at high risk due to pro-longed drought. One of these regions is Juab County, which sits within my dis-trict. Juab County consists of more than 2 million acres of land, much of which is covered with dry, flammable vegeta-tion. The county is also experiencing a years-long drought. In fact, last year, the USDA designated the county as a disaster area due to the damages caused by the drought. More than 70 percent of Juab is con-trolled by the Federal Government. While significant Federal ownership and control of land in Utah is often a source of contention, Juab County has developed a cooperative and construc-tive relationship with their local Fed-eral partners. The Forest Service currently owns a small property, just over 2 acres, with-in the town of Nephi, the county seat of Juab County. It has been vacant and unused for years and was identified as available for disposal several years ago. This property is known as the Nephi Work Center. My bill, the Juab County Conveyance Act, would simply convey this property to the county. Juab intends to use this property to house their wildlands fire team, which is part of their special service fire district. This would enable the county to more effectively miti-gate fire risks and protect Juab County residents and both Forest Service and BLM land within the county. As a former mayor who has dealt with fires in and around my commu-nity, including on public lands, I want to do all I can to help my constituents. This bill will benefit both the county and Federal agencies that own and manage lands within the county. We are talking about a city of about 1,000 people fighting fires on millions of acres. We just want to do everything we can to make sure we get to the fires as soon as possible and help not just protect costs, but the homes and the livelihoods of the families that live there. I urge all of my colleagues to vote in support of this bill. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3777, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
GILA RIVER INDIAN COMMUNITY FEDERAL RIGHTS-OF-WAY, EASE-MENTS AND BOUNDARY CLARI-FICATION ACT Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4032) to confirm undocu-mented Federal rights-of-way or ease-ments on the Gila River Indian Res-ervation, clarify the northern bound-ary of the Gila River Indian Commu-nity’s Reservation, to take certain land located in Maricopa County and Pinal County, Arizona, into trust for the benefit of the Gila River Indian Community, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4032 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Gila River In-dian Community Federal Rights-of-Way, Ease-ments and Boundary Clarification Act’’. 
SEC. 2. PURPOSES. 
The purposes of this Act are to— (1) establish, ratify, document, and confirm the Federal electrical, irrigation, and road rights-of-way and easements that exist within the exterior boundaries of the Reservation as of the date of the enactment of this Act; (2) establish a fixed location of the northern boundary of the Reservation and to provide for the Secretary of the Interior to ensure that the northern boundary is resurveyed and marked in conformance with the public system of surveys; (3) authorize and direct the Secretary to place certain lands into trust for the benefit of the Community; (4) substitute the benefits provided under this Act to the Community, its members and allottees for any claims that the Community, its members and allottees may have had in connection with alleged failures relating to the northern bound-ary of the Reservation and the documentation and management of Federal rights-of-way on the Reservation; and (5) authorize the funds necessary for the United States to meet the obligations under this Act. SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
LLOTTEE .—The term ‘‘allottee’’ means a person who holds a beneficial real property in-terest in an Indian allotment that is— (A) located within the exterior boundaries of the Reservation; and (B) held in trust by the United States. (2) C
OMMUNITY .—The term ‘‘Community’’ means the Gila River Indian Community, a gov-ernment composed of members of the Pima Tribe and the Maricopa Tribe and organized under section 16 of the Act of June 18, 1934 (25 U.S.C. 5123). (3) D
ISPUTED AREA .—The term ‘‘Disputed Area’’ means the land north of the Harrington Survey line and south of the middle of the Salt River (as it currently flows). (4) E
XECUTIVE ORDER .—The term ‘‘Executive Order’’ means the Executive order executed by President R.B. Hayes on June 14, 1879. (5) F
EDERAL AND TRIBAL FACILITIES .—The term ‘‘Federal and Tribal Facilities’’ means any and all structures, improvements, and appur-tenances associated with roadways, canals, power lines, and other projects constructed for the benefit of the Community and its members. Thus, ‘‘Federal and Tribal Facilities’’ refers to— (A) Indian Reservation Road (IRR) transpor-tation facilities, including public roads, bridges, drainage structures, culverts, ferry routes, ma-rine terminals, transit facilities, boardwalks, pe-destrian paths, trails, and their appurtenances, and other transportation facilities, as des-ignated by the Community and the Secretary and defined in section 170.5 of title 25, Code of Federal Regulations; (B) Federal irrigation facilities included in the San Carlos Irrigation Project, the irrigation project authorized under the Act of June 7, 1924 (43 Stat. 475), including all structures and ap-purtenant works within the San Carlos Irriga-tion Project for the delivery, diversion, and stor-age of irrigation water, as defined in section 171.100 of title 25, Code of Federal Regulations; and (C) Federal electric distribution facilities in-cluded in the San Carlos Irrigation Project— Electric Services, including all structures and appurtenant works for the delivery of electric power on the Reservation that are part of that project. (6) L
OWER SONORAN LANDS .—The term ‘‘Lower Sonoran Lands’’ means the approximately 3,400 acres of land— (A) owned by the United States and adminis-tered by the Secretary through the Bureau of Land Management that have been identified and designated for disposal by the Bureau of Land Management under the Federal Land Pol-icy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) in the Lower Sonoran Resource Manage-ment Plan (September 2012); (B) located in Sections 1, 2, 3, 11, and 12, Township 2 South, Range 1 West, contiguous to the northwest boundary of the Community’s ex-isting Reservation; and portions of Sections 16 and 17, Township 5 South, Range 5 East, con-tiguous to the southern boundary of the Com-munity’s existing Reservation; and (C) that the Community shall acquire pursu-ant to the Federal Land Policy and Manage-ment Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.). (7) H
ARRINGTON SURVEY .—The term ‘‘Har-rington Survey’’ means the Dependent Resurvey of a Portion of Township 1 North, Range 1 East, Gila and Salt River Meridian, Arizona, Gila River Indian Reservation, conducted by Guy P. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.102 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6341 July 17, 2018 
Harrington, as shown on the plat and described in the field notes at Book 3384, approved Sep-tember 2, 1920, and officially filed on November 3, 1920, on file with the Bureau of Land Man-agement. (8) R
ESERVATION .—The term ‘‘Reservation’’ means the land located within the exterior boundaries of the reservation created under sec-tions 3 and 4 of the Act of February 28, 1859 (11 Stat. 401, chapter LXVI), and Executive orders of August 31, 1876, June 14, 1879, May 5, 1882, November 15, 1883, July 31, 1911, June 2, 1913, August 27, 1914, and July 19, 1915, and any other lands placed in trust for the benefit of the Community. (9) R
OW, EASEMENTS , AND FEDERAL AND TRIB -
AL FACILITIES MAP .—The term ‘‘ROW, Ease-ments, and Federal and Tribal Facilities Map’’ means the map depicting the Federal rights-of- way, easements, and Federal and Tribal facili-ties that exist within the exterior boundaries of the Reservation on the date of enactment of this Act, which map is submitted to Congress as part of the Congressional record accompanying this Act. (10) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. 
SEC. 4. LAND INTO TRUST FOR BENEFIT OF THE COMMUNITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall take the Lower Sonoran Lands into trust for the benefit of the Community, after the Community— (1) conveys to the Secretary all right, title, and interest of the Community in and to the Lower Sonoran Lands; (2) submits to the Secretary a request to take the Lower Sonoran Lands into trust for the ben-efit of the Community; (3) conducts a survey (to the satisfaction of the Secretary) to determine the exact acreage and legal description of the Lower Sonoran Lands, if the Secretary determines a survey is necessary; and (4) pays all costs of any survey conducted under paragraph (3). (b) A
VAILABILITY OF LOWER SONORAN LANDS M
AP.—Not later than 180 days after the Lower Sonoran Lands are taken into trust under sub-section (a), the map shall be on file and avail-able for public inspection in the appropriate of-fices of the Secretary. (c) L
ANDS TAKEN INTOTRUST AS PART OF RES-
ERVATION .—After the date on which the Lower Sonoran Lands are taken into trust under sub-section (a), those lands shall be treated as part of the Reservation. (d) G
AMING .—Class II and class III gaming under the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act (25 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.) shall not be allowed at any time on the land taken into trust under sub-section (a). (e) D
ESCRIPTION .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall cause the full metes-and-bounds de-scription of the Lower Sonoran Lands to be pub-lished in the Federal Register. The description shall, on publication, constitute the official de-scription of the Lower Sonoran Lands. 
SEC. 5. ESTABLISHMENT OF FIXED NORTHERN BOUNDARY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Northern boundary of the Reservation created by the Executive Order is hereby modified in accordance with this sec-tion and shall be fixed, permanent, and not am-bulatory. (b) M
ODIFICATION OF NORTH BOUNDARY .— That portion of the Reservation boundary cre-ated by the Executive Order as along the middle of the Salt River shall be modified to be a fixed and permanent boundary as established by the Harrington Survey of the north boundary of the Reservation, as shown on the plat and described in the field notes. (c) R
ESURVEY AND MARKING .—Subject to available appropriations, the Secretary shall en-sure that the modified Reservation boundary as described in subsection (b) is surveyed and clearly marked in conformance with the public system of surveys. (d) EFFECT .—The Reservation boundary as modified and resurveyed by subsections (b) and (c) shall become the north boundary of the Res-ervation in all respects and upon all the same terms as if such lands had been included in the Executive Order. No other portion of the Res-ervation boundary shall be affected by this Act except as specifically set forth in this Act. (e) P
UBLICATION .—The Secretary shall publish in the Federal Register this modification and the resurvey of the Community’s reservation boundary, as set forth in subsections (b) and (c), which shall constitute the fixed northern boundary of the Reservation. 
SEC. 6. SATISFACTION AND SUBSTITUTION OF CLAIMS. 
(a) I NTENT OF CONGRESS .—It is the intent of Congress to provide to the Community, its mem-bers, and allottees benefits that are equivalent to or exceed the claims the Community, its mem-bers, and allottees may possess as of the date of the enactment of this Act, taking into consider-ation— (1) the potential risks, cost, and time delay as-sociated with litigation; (2) the cultural and historic significance of the Lower Sonoran Lands to the Community, its members, and allottees; (3) the benefit to the Community, its members, and allottees associated with having a fixed northern boundary of the Reservation; (4) the benefits that will accrue to the Commu-nity, its members, and allottees resulting from the legal confirmation of Federal electrical, irri-gation, and road rights-of-way as provided under this Act; and (5) the availability of appropriations under this Act. (b) I
NGENERAL .—The benefits realized by the Community, its members, and allottees under this Act shall be in complete replacement of and substitution for, and full satisfaction of all claims that the Community, its members, and allottees may have had against the United States— (1) relating to the United States alleged fail-ure to legally establish and document Federal rights-of-way on the Reservation through the date of enactment of this Act; and (2) for the United States alleged failure to es-tablish, maintain and defend the Community’s northern boundary of the Reservation through the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall be-come effective on the later of the date on which the Secretary— (1) publishes in the Federal Register the notice required under section 4(e); (2) publishes in the Federal Register the notice required under section 5(e); and (3) completes the surveys for the Federal rights-of-way required under this Act. 
SEC. 7. FEDERAL RIGHTS-OF-WAY. 
(a) E STABLISHED , R ATIFIED , AND CON-
FIRMED .—All of the rights-of-way depicted in the ROW, Easements, and Federal and Tribal Facilities Map accompanying this Act are here-by established, ratified, and confirmed. The spe-cific position and dimensions of such rights-of- way are to be determined following a survey conducted in accordance with section 8. (b) R
ECORDATION .—All of the rights-of-way established, ratified, and confirmed in sub-section (a) shall be recorded with the Land Ti-tles and Records Office following each survey conducted in accordance with section 8. (c) G
RANTEE OR APPLICANT .—The Federal Government shall be considered the grantee or applicant for any and all rights-of-way estab-lished pursuant to this Act. (d) C
ANCELLATION .—Any rights-of-way estab-lished by this Act may be cancelled pursuant to sections 404–409 of title 25, Federal Code of Reg-ulations, or upon written request by the Com-munity to the Secretary to remove the rights-of- way from the ROW, Easements, and Federal and Tribal Facilities Map subject to otherwise applicable law regarding rights-of-way on the Reservation. Any request for cancellation action by the Community shall be formally documented by tribal resolution. (e) OTHER INTERESTS IN LAND.—Notwith- standing any law, the granting of any rights-of- way or easement other than those depicted in the ROW, Easements, and Federal and Tribal Facilities Map accompanying this Act, or any future additions, expansions or modifications of any of the rights-of-way or easement estab-lished, ratified, and confirmed in subsection (a), may only be done in accordance with all appli-cable laws and regulations. All other rights-of- ways or easements on the Reservation shall be valid only to the extent that they have been es-tablished in accordance with applicable Federal statute and regulation specifically governing rights-of-ways or easements on Indian lands. 
SEC. 8. SURVEY. 
(a) C OMPLETION AND PUBLICATION .—Not later than 6 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Bureau of Indian Affairs shall un-dertake and complete a survey of each of the Federal rights-of-way established under this Act. A retroactive grant of easement shall be re-quired upon completion of each survey of each of the Federal rights-of-way established under this Act. The Bureau of Indian Affairs shall cause the surveys undertaken pursuant to this Act to be published in the Federal Register. (b) C
ONTRACT .—The Bureau of Indian Affairs is authorized, subject to appropriations, to con-tract for the survey of all Federal rights-of-way established pursuant to this Act to the Commu-nity or a third party. (c) D
ELETIONS .—Upon completion of the sur-veys authorized and undertaken pursuant to subsection (a), the Community and the Bureau of Indian Affairs may determine that anomalies exist with respect to certain Federal rights-of- way such that deletion of such Federal right-of- way from the ROW, Easements, and Federal and Tribal Facilities Map is appropriate and such Federal right-of-way may be removed from the ROW, Easements, and Federal Tribal Facili-ties Map. 
SEC. 9. HUNT HIGHWAY. 
Nothing in this Act shall establish, terminate, or otherwise impact any right-of-way or ease-ment associated with Hunt Highway in Pinal County, Arizona, including the portion of Hunt Highway that traverses the Reservation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) and the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
RI-
JALVA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of H.R. 4032, the Gila River Indian Community Federal-Rights-of-Way, Easements and Boundary Clarification Act, introduced by Congressman O’H
ALLERAN of Ari-zona. The Gila River Indian Reservation was established in 1859 and later ex-panded by a series of executive orders 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.031 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6342 July 17, 2018 
in Maricopa and Pinal Counties, Ari-zona. In 2006, the Tribe sued the Fed-eral Government, alleging a breach of the United States’ fiduciary duty for its failure to accurately survey the res-ervation’s northwesterly boundary, re-sulting in the patenting of land along the Salt River to non-Indians. The Tribe also asserted a failed duty to document rights-of-way across the reservation, collect rent, and account for the Tribe’s and allottees’ trust as-sets. Rather than litigate the case, the Obama administration settled with the Tribe in 2016. The settlement provided that the United States would survey all the Federal rights-of-way on the reserva-tion. It would also take approximately 3,400 acres of Bureau of Land Manage-ment land into trust for the Tribe, after the Tribe purchases the land for fair market value. Finally, the settlement provided monetary damages of about $12.5 mil-lion from the judgment fund, an issue not addressed by this bill. This legislation is needed to facili-tate portions of the settlement by clarifying the northwestern boundary of the reservation, documenting the ex-isting Federal rights-of-way on the res-ervation, and placing the 3,400 acres into trust after the Tribe buys the land from the Federal Government. The bill is cosponsored by the entire Arizona delegation, and I commend their work to resolve this issue. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. O’H
ALLERAN ), the sponsor of the legis-lation. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support and urge passage of my legislation, H.R. 4032, the Gila River Indian Community Fed-eral Rights-of-Way, Easements and Boundary Clarification Act. I was proud to introduce this bipar-tisan legislation along with colleagues Congressmen Biggs, Gallego, and Gosar. Mr. Speaker, as we all know, Tribal Nations were here prior to the forma-tion of the United States. However, throughout history, many Federal laws were enacted that diminished land holdings and, as a result, reservation boundaries were often incorrectly ad-justed. The Federal Government often lacked the mechanisms to effectively keep track of the various rights-of-way that existed on Tribal lands. These challenges remain today and can be se-rious barriers to Tribal land use efforts for housing, economic development, and cultural purposes. That is why I introduced my bill, which simply finalizes the settlement of longstanding issues related to the Federal Government’s management of Tribal trust assets on the Gila River Indian Community. b1815 The legislation provides for surveys of all the Federal rights-of-way on the reservation and establishes a map of those rights-of-way to aid the commu-nity in planning land use, including building homes, rebuilding schools, lo-cating businesses, and ensuring access to cultural sites. H.R. 4032 also clarifies the northwest boundary of the reservation, which will avoid a title dispute with the city of Phoenix. In exchange for giving up lands that are currently within the res-ervation boundary, the community will be able to purchase 3,400 acres of cul-turally relevant lands from the Bureau of Land Management and have those lands taken into trust. H.R. 4032 is important to the Gila River Indian community, to local land-owners, and nearby communities. I would like to thank my colleagues across the aisle for supporting this leg-islation, as well as the chairman and ranking member. I look forward to working with my colleagues in Con-gress and the administration to ensure this settlement is fully implemented. On behalf of our Arizona commu-nities, I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense, necessary legisla-tion. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I just want to take a moment to acknowledge the Gila River Indian community, their leadership, which has worked tirelessly and in very good faith with the Federal Government in addressing the issues that led to these claims against the United States. I would like to congratulate them on this hard work and their persistence, and I am happy that the passage of this bill will finally implement a final part of their settlement. I also want to take time to thank my colleague and friend from Arizona (Mr. O’H
ALLERAN ) for his leadership on this issue. Mr. Speaker, I urge support of the legislation, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4032, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
REPORT ON CONCURRENT RESOLU-TION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDER-ATION OF H. CON. RES. 119, EX-PRESSING THE SENSE OF CON-GRESS THAT A CARBON TAX WOULD BE DETRIMENTAL TO THE UNITED STATES ECONOMY Mr. NEWHOUSE, from the Com-mittee on Rules, submitted a privi-leged report (Rept. No. 115–834) on the resolution (H. Res. 1001) providing for consideration of the concurrent resolu-tion (H. Con. Res. 119) expressing the sense of Congress that a carbon tax would be detrimental to the United States economy, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: S. 488, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 3030, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 4989, by the yeas and nays. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. 
f 
JOBS AND INVESTOR CONFIDENCE ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 488) to increase the threshold for disclosures required by the Securi-ties and Exchange Commission relating to compensatory benefit plans, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
EN-
SARLING ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 406, nays 4, not voting 18, as follows: 
[Roll No. 333] YEAS—406 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.104 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6343 July 17, 2018 
Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—4 
Amash Massie Nadler Schakowsky 
NOT VOTING—18 
Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Butterfield Ca´rdenas Costello (PA) Ellison Flores Gallego Garamendi Gutie´rrez Hanabusa McCollum Roby Rooney, Francis Shuster Simpson Speier Walz 
b1841 Messrs. KIHUEN, BACON, and CUM-MINGS changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to modernize U.S. markets and to promote capital forma-tion, investor confidence, and eco-nomic growth, and for other pur-poses.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ELIE WIESEL GENOCIDE AND ATROCITIES PREVENTION ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3030) to help prevent acts of genocide and other atrocity crimes, which threaten national and inter-national security, by enhancing United States Government capacities to pre-vent, mitigate, and respond to such cri-ses, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 406, nays 5, not voting 17, as follows: 
[Roll No. 334] YEAS—406 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.032 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6344 July 17, 2018 
Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—5 
Amash Biggs Jones Massie Sanford 
NOT VOTING—17 
Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Butterfield Ca´rdenas Ellison Flores Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Joyce (OH) McNerney Roby Rooney, Francis Shuster Simpson Speier Titus Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1848 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PROTECTING DIPLOMATS FROM SURVEILLANCE THROUGH CON-SUMER DEVICES ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4989) to require the Depart-ment of State to establish a policy re-garding the use of location-tracking consumer devices by employees at dip-lomatic and consular facilities, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 412, nays 0, not voting 16, as follows: 
[Roll No. 335] YEAS—412 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—16 
Blumenauer Butterfield Ca´rdenas Coffman Ellison Flores Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Joyce (OH) MacArthur Roby Rooney, Francis Shuster Simpson Speier Walz 
b1856 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, had I been present for the vote today on the House Amendment to S. 488, the JOBS and Investor Confidence Act of 2018 (Roll No. 333), I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ Additionally, had I been present for the vote on H.R. 3030, the Elie Wiesel Genocide and Atrocity Prevention Act of 2018 (Roll No. 334), I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ Finally, had I been present for the vote on H.R. 4989, the Protecting Diplomats from Sur-veillance Through Consumer Devices Act (Roll No. 335), I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on the consideration of H.R. 6147, and that I may include tabular material on the same. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. N
ORMAN ). Is there objection to the re-quest of the gentleman from New Jer-sey? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 996 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 6147. The Chair appoints the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Ms. C
HENEY ) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.035 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6345 July 17, 2018 
b1858 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 6147) making appropriations for the Depart-ment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, with Ms. C
HENEY in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Appropriations. The gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN ) and the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. b1900 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Chair, I rise today in support of H.R. 6147, the fiscal year 2019 Inte-rior, Environment, and Financial Serv-ices and General Government appro-priations bills. This package continues the House’s important work on our an-nual government funding legislation. With the passage of this bill, the House will be halfway done with our fiscal year 2019 bills through the floor. I want to thank, and I am sure Rank-ing Member L
OWEY thanks both Chair-man C
ALVERT and his ranking member, and Chairman G
RAVES and his ranking member for their work with their col-leagues. These bills fund vital programs across the Federal Government, includ-ing those that make Americans safer, protect our Nation’s resources, and cre-ate jobs. In addition to providing this necessary funding, the bills ensure that the Federal Government is working ef-ficiently and in the best interest of the American taxpayers. This includes streamlining Federal agencies, reform-ing financial policies, and reducing burdensome regulatory red tape. Both bills reflect American prior-ities. I would like to highlight just a few of these. The Interior and Environ-ment appropriations bill, authored by Representative CALVERT of California, provides $35.3 billion for the EPA, the U.S. Forest Service, and the Depart-ment of the Interior and other pro-grams that promote our natural herit-age. Within this total, the bill prioritizes funding to fight in preventing dev-astating wildfires, fully funding the 10- year average for suppression costs. The bill also targets critical resources to major infrastructure that will improve the lives of Americans, boosting fund-ing to ensure communities have access to safe drinking water, and accelerates the cleanup of Superfund sites. This is especially important as we have more than 1,300 national priority sites await-ing urgent attention to address haz-ardous materials threatening the health of Americans across the coun-try. I appreciate Chairman C
ALVERT ’s efforts in this area. The Interior bill continues funding for other programs that manage our national resources and cultural herit-age, like the National Park Service, the National Endowment for the Arts and Humanities, the Chemical Safety Board, and the Smithsonian Institu-tion. Beyond these important investments, the bill rightsizes regulatory programs to ensure that the government is work-ing to support American families and their communities. This also includes addressing EPA’s regulatory agenda and supporting the administration’s proposal to reshape its workforce. This will enable the agency to focus on its core duties, while reducing unnecessary spending. The second bill in this package also works to reduce waste across govern-ment. The Financial Services appro-priations bill, authored by Representa-tive GRAVES of Georgia, totals $23.4 bil-lion which, like the Interior bill, is equal to fiscal year 2018 levels. This bill prioritizes effective pro-grams that improve our national secu-rity and expands economic opportunity while finding efficiencies, government-wide, and while stopping harmful over-regulation. This bill also supports America’s small businesses by providing loans and resources that will help us grow and thrive. It also provides stability for our financial system, and protects consumers, and investors. This bill also improves account-ability of the American taxpayer by di-recting the Internal Revenue Service funding towards customer service and stopping the misuse of funding within the agency. Another priority is law enforcement. This bill also provides funding to fight the opioid abuse epidemic, protects our financial institutions from cyber crime, and supports our Federal courts. I would like to commend all the com-mittee members on the Appropriations Committee who led the drafting of these bills, particularly Chairman G
RAVES and his Ranking Member, M IKE Q
UIGLEY , and Interior Chairman K EN C
ALVERT and his Ranking Member, B
ETTY MCCOLLUM , along with their subcommittee members and their pro-fessional staff that did a remarkable job. I am pleased that the House is taking the next step forward on our appropria-tions bill this evening. I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.112 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6346 July 17, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.113 H17JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1 here EH170718.001lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A -DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2019 (H. R. 6147) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
TITLE I DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR 
BUREAU OF LAND MANAGEMENT 
Management of Lands and Resources 
Land Resources: 
Soil, water and air management ..................... . Rangel and management ............................. . 
Forestry management ................................ . 
Riparian management ................................ . 
Cultural resources management ...................... . Wild 
horse and burro management ................... . 
Subtotal ....................................... . 
Wildlife and Fisheries: 
Wi 1 dl i fe management ................................ . 
Fisheries management ............................... . 
Subtotal.. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ........ . 
Threatened and endangered species .................... . 
Wildlife and Aquatic Habitat Management: 
Wildlife habitat management ........................ . 
Aquatic habitat management ......................... . 
Subtotal ....................................... . 
Recreation Management: 
Wilderness management .............................. . 
Recreation resources management .................... . 
Subtotal ................. . Energy and 
Minerals: 
Oi 1 and gas management ............................. . 
Oi 1 and gas permit processing ...................... . 
Oil and gas inspection and enforcement ............. . 
Subtotal, Oil and gas .......................... . 
Coal management .................................... . 
Other mineral resources ............................ . Renewab 1 e 
energy ................................... . 
Subtotal, Energy and Minerals .................. . 
Realty and Ownership Management: A 1 
aska conveyance. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ............... . 
Cadastral, lands, and realty management ............ . 
Subtotal ....................................... . Resource 
Protection and Maintenance: 
Resource management planning ....................... . Abandoned mine 
lands ............................... . Resource 
protection and law enforcement ............ . Hazardous 
materials management ..................... . Abandoned 
minelands and hazardous materials 
management ....................................... . 
Subtotal ...................................... . 
Transportation and Facilities Maintenance: Annual 
maintenance ................................. . 
Deferred maintenance .............................. . 
Subtotal ....................................... . FY 2018 
Enacted 
43,609 
81,000 
10' 135 
21 '321 
17' 131 
75,000 
248,196 
103,281 
12,530 
115,811 
21,567 
18,264 
54,465 
-------------
72,729 
85,947 
7,365 
48,385 
141,697 
11,868 
12,043 
28,320 
-------------
193,928 
22,000 
52,480 
74,480 
60' 125 
20,036 
27,616 
15,463 
-------------
123,240 
39' 125 
79,201 
-------
118,326 FY 2019 
Request 
82' 116 
9,527 
15,383 
66,719 
173' 745 
81,753 
37,664 
119,417 11,871 
53,234 
-------------
65. 105 
83. 101 
5,737 
48,385 
137,223 
19,533 
12' 167 
16,043 
-------------
184,966 
13,580 
48,290 
------------
61,870 
36' 131 
24' 166 
13,260 
-------------
73,557 
33,613 
24,886 -------------
58,499 Bill 
43,609 
82' 116 
10' 135 21,321 
17' 131 
90,000 
264,312 
103,281 
12,530 
115,811 
21,567 
18,264 
55,465 
-------------
73,729 
85,947 
5,737 
48,385 
140,069 
19,533 12,167 
28,320 
-------------
200,089 
22,000 
51' 480 
73,480 
62' 125 
20,036 29,000 
15,463 
-------------
126,624 
40,000 
114' 201 -------------
154,201 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
+1 '116 
+15,000 
------ ~ 
+16' 116 
+1,000 
-------------
+1 ,000 
-1,628 
-1,628 
+7,665 +124 
-------------
+6' 161 
-1 '000 
-1,000 
+2,000 
+1 ,384 
-------------
+3,384 +875 
+35,000 
-------------
+35,875 Bill vs. 
Request 
+43,609 +608 
+21,321 +1,748 +23,281 
~~**~--~----
+90,567 +103,281 +12,530 
+115,811 +21,567 
-81,753 -37,664 
-119,417 
+6,393 
+2,231 
-------------
+8,624 +2,846 +2,846 +12,277 
-------------
+15,123 
+8,420 
+3' 190 +11,610 
+25,994 
+20,036 
+4,834 +15,463 
13,260 
-------------
+53,067 
+6,387 +89,315 
-------------
+95,702 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6347 July 17, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.113 H17JYPT1
Insert offset folio 2 here EH170718.002lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A -DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2019 (H. R. 6147) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Workforce and Organizational Support: 
Admi ni strati ve support ............................. . Bureauwide 
fixed costs ............................. . 
Information technology management .................. . 
Subtotal ............................. . 
National landscape conservation system, base program .. 
Communication site management ........................ . 
Offsetting collections ............................... . 
Subtotal, Management of lands and resources ..... 
Mining Law Administration: 
Administration ..................................... . 
Offsetting collections ............................. . 
Subtotal, Mining Law Administration ............ . 
Total, Management of Lands and Resources ....... . 
Construction 
Rescission ........................................... . 
Land Acquisition 
Acquisitions ......................................... . 
Acquisition Management ............................... . 
Recreational Access .................................. . Emergencies, 
Hardships, and Inholdings ............... . 
Subtotal ......................................... . 
Rescission ........................................... . 
Total, Land Acquisition ....................... .. 
Oregon and California Grant lands 
Western Oregon resources management .................. . 
Oregon and California grant lands management ......... . Western 
Oregon information and resource data systems .. 
Western Oregon transportation & facilities maintenance Western 
Oregon construction and acquisition .......... . Western 
Oregon national monument ..................... . 
Total, Oregon and California Grant lands ....... . Range Improvements 
Current appropriations 
Service Charges. Deposits, and Forfeitures 
Service charges, deposits, and forfeitures ........... . 
Offsetting fees ..................................... . 
Total, Service Charges, Deposits & Forfeitures .. FY 2018 
Enacted 
58,694 
93' 176 
26,077 
-------------
177' 947 
36,819 
2,000 
-2,000 
1,183,043 
39,696 
-56,696 -------------
-17,000 __ w __________ 
1.166' 043 
13,300 
2,000 
8,000 
1 '616 
24,916 24,916 
94,445 
1 '798 
9,628 
335 779 
-~----~----
106,985 
10,000 
24,595 
-24,595 FY 2019 
Request 
47,072 
96 '480 
23,653 
-------------
167,205 
26,260 
2,000 
-2,000 
930,624 
39,696 
-59,000 
-------------
-19,304 
-~----------
911,320 
-5,465 
1. 996 
1,396 
3,392 
-10,000 
-6,608 
82,222 
1,327 
6,118 
364 
-~-~---------
90,031 
10,000 
25,850 
-25,850 Bill 
58,694 
96,480 
26,077 
-------------
181 '251 
36,819 
2,000 
-2,000 
1,247,883 
39,696 
-59,000 
-------------
19,304 --------- --
1,228,579 
6,000 
1,996 
8,000 
1,396 
17' 392 
17,392 
95,224 
1 '798 
9,628 
335 
-------------
106,985 
10,000 
25,850 
-25,850 Bill VS. 
Enacted 
+3,304 
-------------
+3,304 
+64,840 
-2,304 
-------------
-2.304 
---------+62,536 
-7,300 
-4 
-220 
-7,524 -7,524 
-94,445 
+95,224 
-779 
-------------
+1,255 
-1,255 Bill vs. 
Request 
+11 '622 
+2,424 
-------------
+14,046 +10,559 
+317,259 
+317' 259 
+5,465 
+6,000 
+8,000 
+14,000 +10,000 +24,000 +13,002 
+471 
+3,510 
-29 
-------------
+16,954 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6348 July 17, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.113 H17JYPT1
Insert offset folio 3 here EH170718.003lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2019 (H. R. 6147) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Miscellaneous Trust Funds and Permanent Operating 
Funds 
Current appropriations ............................... . FY 2018 
Enacted 
24,000 FY 2019 
Request 
24' 000 Bi 11 
24,000 Bill vs. Bi 11 vs. 
Enacted Request 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= 
TOTAL, BUREAU OF LAND MANAGEMENT ........... . (Mandatory) ................................ . 
(Discretionary) ............................ . 
UNITED STATES FISH AND WILDLIFE SERVICE 
Resource Management 
Ecological Services: 
Listing ............................................ . 
Planning and consultation .......................... . 
Conservation and restoration ....................... . 
(National Wetlands Inventory) .................... . (Coastal 
Barrier Resources Act) .................. . Recovery ........................................... . 
Subtotal ..................................... . 
Habitat conservation: 
Partners for fish and wildlife ..................... . 
Coastal programs ................................... . 
Subtotal ....................................... . 
National Wildlife Refuge System: 
Wildlife and habitat management .................... . 
Vi sit or services ................................... . Refuge law enforcement ............................. . 
Conservation planning .............................. . Refuge maintenance ................................. . 
Subtotal ....................................... . 
Conservation and Enforcement: 
Migratory bird management .......................... . 
Law enforcement .................................... . 
Internati anal affairs .............................. . 
Subtotal ..................................... . 
Fish and Aquatic Conservation: 
National fish hatchery system operations ........... . Maintenance and equipment .......................... . 
Aquatic habitat and species conservation ........... . 
Subtotal ....................................... . 
Cooperative landscape conservation ................... . 
Science Support: 
Adaptive science ................................... . 
Service science .................................... . 
Subtotal ....................................... . 1 '331 '944 
(34,000) 
( 1 '297 '944) 1,023,278 
(34,000) 
(989,278) 1,386,956 
(34,000) 
( 1 '352' 956) +55,012 +363,678 
(+55,012) (+363,678) 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= 
18,818 
105,579 
32,396 
(3,471) 
(1 '390) 
91,032 
-------------
247,825 
51,633 
13,375 
-------------
65,008 
233,392 
73,319 
38,054 
2,523 
139,469 -------------
486,757 
48,421 
77,053 
15' 816 -------------
141 '290 
55,822 
22,920 
85,885 
-------------
164,627 
12,988 
10,517 
6,750 
17,267 10,941 
98,828 
21 '187 
(3' 447) 
(1 '381) 
80,820 
-------------
211 '776 
35' 765 
6,512 
-------------
42,277 
228,332 
71,267 
37,983 
135,487 -------------
473,069 
46,290 
69,453 
14,484 -------------
130,227 
49,979 
19,808 
64,106 
----.. -----~--
133,893 10,941 
108' 169 
34,031 
(3,471) 
(1 '390) 
96,520 
-------------
249,661 
51,870 
13,420 
-------------
65,290 
234,244 
73,795 
38,322 
2,523 
139,889 
-------------
488,773 
46,113 
77' 380 
15,895 
----------
139,388 
56' 107 
22.965 
84,244 -------------
163,316 
12,988 
10' 517 
6,750 
17' 267 -7,877 
+2,590 
+1 '635 
+5,488 +1,836 
+237 +45 
-------------
+282 +852 +476 +268 
+420 -------------
+2,016 
-2,308 
+327 
+79 -------------
-1,902 
+285 +45 
-1 ,641 -------------
-1 '311 +9,341 +12,844 
(+24) (+9) 
+15,700 
+37,885 
+16, 105 
+6,908 
-------------
+23,013 
+5,912 +2,528 
+339 
+2,523 
+4,402 -------------
+15,704 
-177 
+7,927 
+1 '411 -------------
+9,161 
+6' 128 
+3,157 
+20, 138 ---------- --
+29,423 +12,988 
+10,517 
+6,750 
+17,267 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6349 July 17, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.113 H17JYPT1
Insert offset folio 4 here EH170718.004lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A · DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2019 (H. R. 6147) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
General Operations: 
Central office operations .......................... . Regional 
office operations ......................... . 
Servi cewi de bill paying. . . . . . . . . . . . . ............. . 
National Fish and Wildlife Foundation .............. . 
National Conservation Training Center .............. . 
Aviation Management ................................ . 
Subtotal ....................................... . 
Total. Resource Management ..................... . 
Construction 
Construction and rehabilitation: 
Line item construction projects .................... . 
Bridge and dam safety programs ..................... . Nationwide 
engineering service ..................... . 
Deferred maintenance ............................... . 
Subtotal ....................................... . 
Rescission ......................................... . 
Total, Construction ............................ . Land 
Acquisition 
Acquisitions ......................................... . 
Acquisition Management. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ........... . 
Recreational Access .................................. . 
Emergencies, Hardships, and Inholdings ............... . Exchanges ............................................ . Land 
Protection Planning ................... . 
Highlands Conservation Act Grants .................... . 
Subtotal ....................................... . 
Rescission ........................................... . 
Total, Land Acquisition ....................... .. 
Cooperative Endangered Species Conservation Fund 
Grants and administration: 
Conservation grants ................................ . 
HCP assistance grants .............................. . 
Admi ni strati on ..................................... . 
Subtotal ....................................... . Land 
acquisition: 
Species recovery land acquisition .................. . 
HCP land acquisition grants to states.. . . . . . ...... . 
Subtotal ....................................... . 
Total, Cooperatiave Endangered Species 
Conservation Fund ............................ . 
National Wildlife Refuge Fund Payments 
in lieu of taxes ............................ . North American 
Wetlands Conservation Fund North American Wetlands 
Conservation Fund ............ . FY 2018 
Enacted 
36,965 33,574 
36,365 
7,022 
29,314 
143,240 
1,279,002 
9,093 
1. 972 
5,475 
50,000 
66,540 66,540 
31,250 
12,773 
2,500 
5,351 1 
'500 
465 
10,000 
63,839 
63,839 
12,508 
7,485 
2,702 
22,695 
11 ,162 
19,638 
30,800 
53,495 
13,228 
40,000 FY 2019 
Request 
43,049 
32,860 
36,528 
5,009 
21,956 
139,402 
1 '130. 644 
9,093 
1. 232 
5,421 
_______ .. _____ 
15,746 
-2,000 
13,746 
9,615 
1. 641 
697 
11,953 
-5,000 
6,953 
~----~--
-------------
33,600 Bill 
39,720 32,860 
36,528 
12,022 
27,758 
3,237 
-------------
152,125 
1,288,808 
7,293 
1, 972 
5,508 
44,961 -------------
59,734 
59,734 
22,000 
9,615 
2,500 
2,626 
697 
10,000 
47,438 47,438 
12,508 
7,485 
2,702 
22,695 
11 '162 
19,638 
30,800 
-------------
53,495 
13,228 
42,000 Bill vs. 
Enacted +2,755 -714 +163 
+5,000 
-1,556 
+3,237 
-------------
+8,885 
+9,806 
-1,800 
+33 
-5,039 
--- ~ .. -------
-6,806 -6,806 
-9,250 
-3,158 
-2,725 
-803 
-465 
-16,401 
-16,401 
--------
-------------
+2,000 Bill vs. 
Request 
-3,329 
+7,013 +5,802 
+3,237 
-------------
+12,723 +158,164 
-1 '800 
+740 
+87 
+44,961 --------
+43,988 
+2,000 
+45,988 
+22,000 +2,500 
+985 
+10,000 
+35,485 
+5,000 +40,485 +12,508 
+7,485 
+2,702 
+22,695 
+11 '162 
+19,638 
+30,800 
-------------
+53,495 +13,228 
+8,400 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6350 July 17, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.113 H17JYPT1
Insert offset folio 5 here EH170718.005lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2019 (H. R. 6147) 
(Amounts 1n thousands) 
Neotropical Migratory Bird Conservation 
Migratory bird grants .............................. ,. 
Multinational Species Conservation Fund 
African elephant conservation fund ..... . Asian 
elephant conservation fund ..................... . Rhinoceros and 
tiger conservation fund., ............. . Great ape 
conservation fund .................... . Marine 
turtle conservation fund ...................... . 
Total, Multinational Species Conservation Fund .. 
State and Tribal Wildlife Grants 
State wildlife grants (formula) ...................... . 
State wildlife grants (competitive) .................. . 
Tribal wildlife grants .............................. .. 
Total, State and tribal wildlife grants ........ . 
TOTAL, U.S. FISH AND WILDLIFE SERVICE .......... . 
NATIONAL PARK SERVICE 
Operation of the National Park System 
Park Management: Resource 
stewardship. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..... . 
Visitor services ................................... . 
Park protection .................................... . 
Facility operations and maintenance ................ . 
Park support. . . . . .............................. . 
Subtotal ....................................... . 
External administrative costs ........................ . 
Total, Operation of the National Park System .... 
National Recreation and Preservation 
Natural programs ..................................... . 
Cultural programs .................................... . 
Internet i anal park affairs ........................... . Environmental and compliance review ........... . Grant 
admi ni strati on ........................... . 
Heritage Partnership Programs ........................ . 
Total, National Recreation and Preservation ..... 
Historic Preservation Fund 
State historic preservation offices. 
Tribal grants.................. .. ........ .. 
Competitive grants................ . ........ . 
Save America's Treasures grants ...................... . 
Historic Revitalization grants ....................... . 
Grants to Historically Black Colleges and Universities 
Total, Historic Preservation Fund .............. . FY 2018 
Enacted 
3,910 
2,582 
1,557 
3,440 
1,975 
1,507 
11 '061 
53,000 
6,362 
4,209 
-------------
63,571 
============= 
1,594,646 
334,437 
255,683 
362,226 
810,019 
536,032 
-------------
2,298,397 
179,572 
-------------
2,477.969 
14,170 
25,062 
1,648 
433 
2,004 
20,321 
-------------
63,638 
48,925 
11 '485 
13,500 13,000 
5,000 5,000 
96,910 FY 2019 
Request 
3,900 
1 '401 
845 1 ,865 1 
'071 
818 
------------
6,000 
31,286 
-------------
31,286 
============= 
1,226,129 
327,223 
258,115 
365,766 
781,963 
506' 617 
-------------
2,239,684 
185,433 
-------------
2' 425' 117 
11 '139 
19,333 
970 
387 
370 -------------
32' 199 
26,934 
5,738 
32,672 Bill VS. 
Bi 11 Enacted 
3.910 
2,582 
1. 557 
3,440 
1 '975 
1,507 
-------- -----------------
11,061 
53,000 
6,362 
4,209 
------------- -------------
63,571 
============= ============= 
1,583,245 -11 '401 
334,437 
255,683 
362,226 
850,019 +40,000 
540,012 +3,980 
------------- -------------
2,342,377 +43,980 
185,433 +5,861 
------------- -------------
2,527,810 +49,841 
14,170 
25,062 
1 ,648 433 
2,004 
20,321 
--------
63,638 
48,925 
11 '485 
13' 500 
13,000 
-5,000 
5,000 
91 '910 -5,000 Bill vs. 
Request 
+10 
+1 '181 +712 
+1 '575 
+904 
+689 
+5,061 
+21,714 
+6,362 
+4,209 
-------------
+32,285 
============= 
+357' 116 
+7,214 
-2,432 
3,540 
+68,056 
+33,395 
-------------
+102,693 
-------------
+102,693 
+3,031 
+5' 729 +678 
+46 
+2,004 
+19,951 -------------
+31 ,439 
+21 '991 
+5 ,7 4 7 
+13,500 +13,000 
+5,000 
+59,238 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6351 July 17, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.113 H17JYPT1
Insert offset folio 6 here EH170718.006lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A · DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2019 (H. R. 6147) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Construction 
General Program: Line item 
construction and maintenance ............. . Emergency and unscheduled .......................... . Housing ............................................ . 
Dam safety. . . . . . .................................. . Equipment rep 1 acement .............................. . 
Planning, construction .......................... .. 
Construction program management .................... . General management 
plans ........................... . General program 
increase ........................... . 
Total, Construction ......................... . 
Land and Water Conservation Fund (rescission of 
contract authority)....... . ................. . 
Land Acquisition and State Assistance 
Assistance to States: 
State conservation grants (formula) ................ . 
State conservation grants (competitive) ............ . 
Admi ni strati ve expenses ............................ . 
Subtotal ....................................... . 
National Park Service: 
Acquisitions ....................................... . 
Acquisition Management ............................. . 
Recreational Access ................................ . Emergencies, 
Hardships, Relocations, and Defi 
ci enci es. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .............. . 
Inholdings, Donations, and Exchanges ............... . 
Amari can Batt 1 efi el d Protection Program ............ . 
Subtotal ....................................... . 
Subtotal, Land Acquisition and State Assistance. 
Rescission ........................................... . 
Total, Land Acquisition and State Assistance .... 
Centanni al Challenge ................................. . 
TOTAL, NATIONAL PARK SERVICE ................... . 
UNITED STATES GEOLOGICAL SURVEY 
Surveys, Investigations, and Research Ecosystems: 
Status and trends .................................. . 
Fisheries: Aquatic and endangered resources ........ . 
Wildlife: Terrestrial and endangered resources ..... . 
Terrestrial, Freshwater and marine environments .... . 
Invasive species ................................... . 
Cooperative research units ......................... . Total , Ecosystems 
.............................. . FY 2018 
Enacted 
137,011 
3,848 
2,200 
1 '247 
13,474 
12,711 
38,713 
12,500 
138,000 
359,704 
100,000 
20,000 
4,006 
124,006 
26,400 
9,679 
2,000 
3,928 
4,928 
10,000 
56,935 
180,941 180,941 
23,000 
3' 202' 162 
20,473 20,136 
46,007 
36,415 
17' 330 
17' 371 
157,732 FY 2019 
Request 
157,011 
3,829 
2' 187 1 
'240 
8,408 
17' 453 
41,000 
10,205 
-------------
241,333 
-28' 140 
8,788 
-------------
8,788 8,788 
-10,000 
-1 '212 
2,701,969 
11,325 
9,701 
33' 440 
24' 569 
17' 096 
96' 131 Bi 11 
157,011 
3,829 
2' 187 1 
'240 
8,408 
17' 453 
41,000 
10,205 
125,000 
-------------
366,333 
100,000 
20,000 
4,006 
124,006 
22,000 
8,788 
1,000 
2,500 
4,069 
10,000 -----.. ------
48,357 
172' 363 
172' 363 
30,000 
3,252,054 
18,873 
20' 136 
44,507 
36,415 
18,530 
19,287 
-------------
157,748 Bill vs. Enacted 
+20,000 -19 -13 
7 
-5,066 
+4,742 +2,287 
-2,295 
13,000 
-------------
+6,629 
-4,400 
-891 
-1,000 -1,428 
-859 
-------------
-8,578 -8,578 
-8,578 
+7,000 
+49,892 
-1,600 
1,500 
+1 ,200 
+1 '916 -------------
+16 Bi 11 vs. 
Request 
+125,000 
-------------
+125,000 
+28' 140 +100,000 
+20,000 
+4,006 
+124,006 
+22,000 
+1 '000 
+2,500 
+4,069 
+10,000 ------------
+39,569 +163,575 
+10,000 
+173,575 
+30,000 +550,085 
+7,548 +10,435 
+11 '067 
+11 '846 
+1,434 
+19,287 
-------------
+61 '617 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6352 July 17, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.113 H17JYPT1
Insert offset folio 7 here EH170718.007lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A -DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2019 (H R. 6147) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
Land Resources: 
National Land Imaging .............................. . Land 
change science. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ........... . 
National and regional climate adaptation science 
centers .......................................... . 
Total, Land Resources .......................... . Energy, 
Minerals, and Environmental Health: 
Mineral and Energy Resources: 
Minerals resources ................ . Energy 
resources ................................. . 
Subtotal ..................................... . Environmental 
Health: 
Contaminant biology .............................. . 
Toxic substances hydro 1 ogy ...................... . 
Subtotal ..................................... . 
Total, Energy, Minerals, and Environmental 
Health ................................ . 
Natural Hazards: 
Earthquake hazards ................................. . 
Vo 1 cano hazards. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ........... . 
Landslide hazards. . . . . . ........................... . Global 
seismographic network ....................... . Geomagnetism ....................................... . 
Coastal/Marine Hazards and Resources ............... . 
Total, Natural Hazards ......................... . Water 
Resources: 
Water Availability and Use Science Program ......... . Groundwater and 
Streamflow Information Program ..... . 
National Water Quality Program ..................... . Water 
Resources Research Act Program ............... . 
Total, Water Resources ........... . 
Core Science Systems: 
Science, synthesis, analysis, and research ......... . 
National cooperative geological mapping ............ . 
National Geospatial Program ...................... . 
Total, Core Science Systems ...... . 
Science Support: 
Admi ni strati on and Management... . . . . . . . .......... . 
Information Services .............................. . 
Total, Science Support ...................... .. 
Facilities: 
Rental payments and operations & maintenance ....... . 
Deferred maintenance and capital improvement ....... . 
Total, Facilities ............................. . FY 2018 
Enacted 
93,094 
34,070 
25,335 
------------
152,499 49,371 
30,872 
80,243 
10' 197 
12,398 
22,595 
102,838 
83,403 
42,621 
3,538 
6,653 
1. 888 
40,510 -------------
178,613 
46,052 
74.173 
90,829 
6,500 -------------
217,554 
24,051 
24,397 
67,854 
.. -----------116,302 
80,881 
21,947 
102,828 104,927 
15,164 
120,091 FY 2019 
Request 75,514 
14,739 12,989 
-------------
103,242 
58,226 
25,879 
84,105 
84,105 
50,999 
22,306 
3, 511 
4, 937 
35,549 ........ _____ ---
117.302 
30,351 
64,915 69,656 
-------------
164,922 
19,010 
22,390 
50,878 
92,278 
69,534 
19 ,716 
-------------89,250 
105,219 
7,231 
112,450 Bi 11 
98,894 
34,070 
25,335 -------------
158,299 
58,226 
25,879 
~-------
84,105 
10,197 
12,598 -----------
22,795 -------.. 
106,900 
83,403 
32,766 
3,688 
6,653 
1, 888 
41,710 -------------
170,108 
46,302 
86,673 
91,648 
6,500 
.... -.. ------ ... --
231,123 
24,051 
25,397 
69,654 ........ _________ 
119,102 
81,681 
21,947 ___ .., _________ 
103,628 
105,219 
15,164 
120,383 Bi 11 vs. 
Enacted 
+5,800 +5,800 
+8,855 
-4,993 --------
+3,862 
+200 
-----------+200 
----H-- .. 
+4,062 
-9,855 
+150 +1,200 
-------------
-8,505 
+250 +12,500 
+819 
-------------
+13,569 +1. 
000 +1,800 
-------------
+2,800 +800 
............ _______ 
+800 
+292 +292 ---- ~ 
-----Bi 11 vs. 
Request 
+23,380 
+19,331 +12,346 
+55,057 
+10,197 
+12,598 
-------
+22,795 -----
+22,795 
+32,404 +10,460 
+177 +1. 716 +1,888 +6,161 
+52,806 
+15,951 +21,758 +21,992 
+6,500 -
-------------
+66,201 +5,041 +3,007 
+18,776 +26,824 +12, 147 +2,231 
-------------
+14,378 +7,933 +7,933 
~============ ============= ============= ============= ============= 
TOTAL, UNITED STATES GEOLOGICAL SURVEY ......... . 1,148,457 859,680 1 '167' 291 +18,834 +307,611 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6353 July 17, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.113 H17JYPT1
Insert offset folio 8 here EH170718.008lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A -DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2019 (H. R. 6147) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
BUREAU OF OCEAN ENERGY MANAGEMENT 
Ocean Energy Management Renewable 
energy .... ' ..... ' .. ' ...... ''' ' ...... 
Conventional energy . . . . . . . . . . . 
Environmental assessment .. 
Executive direction. . ' ' . . . ' . . ' . . .... . . . . . 
Subtotal .... . . . . . . . . . . . .................. 
Offsetting rental receipts ...................... . 
Cost recovery fees. 
Subtotal, offsetting collections ..... 
TOTAL, BUREAU OF OCEAN ENERGY MANAGEMENT ....... . 
BUREAU OF SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENFORCEMENT 
Offshore Safety and Environmental Enforcement 
Envi ronmenta 1 enforcement ............................ . 
Operations, safety and regulation .................... . 
Administrative operations .......................... . 
Executive direction .................................. . 
Subtotal ....................................... . 
Offsetting rental receipts ........................... . 
Inspection fees ...................................... . 
Cost recovery fees ................................... . 
Subtotal, offsetting collections ............... . 
Total, Offshore Safety and Environmental 
Enforcement. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ....... . 
Oil Spill Research 
Oi 1 spi 11 research ................................... . 
TOTAL, BUREAU OF SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENTAL 
ENFORCEMENT .................................. . 
OFFICE OF SURFACE MINING RECLAMATION AND ENFORCEMENT 
Regulation and Technology 
Environmental protection ...................... . 
Permit fees. . ............... . 
Offsetting collections ................. . Technology 
development and transfer .................. . 
Financial management........... . ............... . 
Executive direction.... . ............... . 
Civil penalties (indefinite).. . ............... . 
Subtotal .. 
Civil penalties (offsetting collections) ...... . 
Total, Regulation and Technology ........ . FY 2018 
Enacted 
21,676 58' 123 
73,834 
17' 367 -- -------~ -- ~ 
171 '000 
-55,374 
-1 '460 
-56,834 FY 2019 
Request 
20,720 
61,799 
79' 774 
16,973 
179,266 
-47,455 
-2' 361 
-49,816 Bi 11 
21,676 
61,799 79,774 
16,973 
180,222 
-47,455 
-2,361 
-49,816 Bi11 vs. 
Enacted 
+3,676 
+5,940 
-394 +9,222 +7,919 
-901 +7,018 Bill vs. 
Request 
+956 +956 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= 
114,166 129,450 130,406 +16,240 +956 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= 
4,453 4,674 4,674 +221 
148,454 146,340 148,454 +2' 114 
16,768 18' 129 16,768 -1 '361 
16,736 18,097 16,736 -1 '361 
~~~M~~~~ ---·-~----~~--
186,411 187,240 186,632 +221 -608 -23 
,732 -20,338 -20,338 +3,394 
-50,000 -43,765 -41,765 +8,235 +2,000 
-4' 139 -3,786 -3,786 +353 --~---~-~~--~~ - ---------~---
-77,871 -67,889 -65,889 +11 '982 +2,000 
108,540 119,351 120,743 +12,203 +1,392 
14,899 12,700 14,899 +2' 199 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= 
123,439 132,051 135,642 +12,203 +3,591 
88,562 73' 877 86,548 -2,014 +12,671 
40 40 40 
-40 -40 -40 
12,801 13,232 13,232 +431 
505 495 495 -10 
13,936 13,694 13,694 -242 
100 100 100 
--- ~---~------------------ ------------- ------------- -------------
115,904 101 '398 114' 069 -1 '835 +12,671 
-100 -100 -100 
-.----------- -----------~-------------- ------------- -------------
115,804 101 '298 113' 969 1,835 +12,671 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6354 July 17, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.113 H17JYPT1
Insert offset folio 9 here EH170718.009lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A -DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2019 (H. R. 6147) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
Abandoned Mine Reclamation Fund 
Environmental restoration ............................ . Technology development and 
transfer .................. . 
Financial management ................................. . 
Executive direction. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
Subtotal ....... . 
State grants ......................................... . 
Total, Abandoned Mine Reclamation Fund ......... . 
TOTAL, OFFICE OF SURFACE MINING RECLAMATION AND 
ENFORCEMENT .................................. . 
BUREAU OF INDIAN AFFAIRS AND BUREAU OF INDIAN 
EDUCATION 
Operation of Indian Programs 
Tribal Government: Aid 
to tribal government ........................... . 
Consolidated tribal government program ............. . 
Se 1 f 
governance compacts ........................... . 
New tribes ......................................... . 
Small and needy tribes ............................. . 
Road maintenance ................................... . 
Tribal government program oversight ................ . 
Subtotal ....................................... . 
Human Services: 
Social services. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .............. . 
Welfare assistance ................................. . 
Indian child welfare act .......................... .. 
Housing improvement program ........................ . 
Human services tribal design ....................... . 
Human services program oversight ................... . 
Subtotal . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ... 
Trust -Natural Resources Management: 
Natural resources, general. . ................... . 
Irrigation operations and maintenance .............. . 
Rights protection implementation ................... . 
Tribal management/development program .............. . Endangered 
species ................................. . 
Cooperative landscape conservation ................. . 
Integrated resource information program ............ . 
Agriculture and range ........................... . 
Forestry ........................................... . Water 
resources .................................... . 
Fish, wildlife and parks ........................... . Resource management program 
oversight .............. . 
Subtotal ....................................... . 
Trust -Real Estate Services ......................... . FY 2018 
Enacted 
9,480 
3,544 
5,182 
6,466 
-------------
24,672 
115,000 
139,672 
255,476 
28,698 
75,429 
165,069 
1 '120 
4,448 
34,653 
8,550 
317,967 
52,832 
76,000 
19,080 
9,708 
263 
3' 180 
161,063 
4,882 
14,009 
40' 161 
11 ,652 
2,693 
9,956 
2,971 
31,096 
54,877 
10,581 
15,260 
6,064 -------------
204,202 
129,841 FY 2019 
Request 
6,383 
2,508 
5' 144 
6,340 
-------------
20,375 20,375 
121 '673 
24,326 
72,634 157,790 1 
'120 
28,318 
7,326 
·~~M-------~M 
291,514 
32,864 
65,794 
13,696 
259 
2,745 
-------------
115,358 
4,866 
9' 134 
24,737 
8,660 
1 '306 
2,576 
27,977 
48,872 
8,567 
11 '436 
5,293 -------------
153,424 
105,484 Bill VS. 
Bill Enacted 
9,480 
3,544 
5' 182 
6,340 -126 
------------- -------------
24,546 -126 
90,000 -25,000 
114,546 -25' 126 228,515 
-26,961 
28,902 
+204 
75,839 +410 
166,225 +1 '156 
1 '120 
4,448 
38,288 +3,635 
8,616 +66 ---~------------------ ---
323,438 +5,471 
53,084 +252 
76,000 
19,154 +74 
9,708 
270 +7 
3,200 +20 
------------- -------------
161 ,416 +353 
6,919 +2,037 14,023 
+14 
40,273 +112 
12,036 +384 
2,697 +4 
9,956 
2,974 +3 
31,251 +155 
55,236 +359 
10,614 +33 
15,287 +27 
6' 104 +40 --~---------
207,370 +3, 168 
130,680 +839 Bill vs. 
Request 
+3,097 +1, 
036 
+38 
-------------
+4, 171 
+90,000 
+94,171 
+106,842 
+4,576 
+3,205 
+8,435 
+4,448 
+9,970 +1,290 
-------------
+31,924 
+20,220 +10,206 
+5,458 
+9,708 
+11 
+455 
-------------
+46,058 +2,053 
+4,889 +15,536 +3,376 
+1 '391 +9,956 +398 
+3,274 +6,364 
+2,047 
+3,851 
+811 
------------
+53,946 +25, 196 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6355 July 17, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.113 H17JYPT1
Insert offset folio 10 here EH170718.010lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A -DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2019 (H. R. 6147) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Education: 
Elementary and secondary programs (forward funded): 
ISEP formula funds ............................... . 
ISEP program adjustments ......................... . 
Education program enhancements ................... . 
Tribal education departments .................... . 
Student transportation ........................... . 
Early child and family development ............... . 
Tribal grant support costs ....................... . 
Subtotal .......................... . 
Post secondary programs (forward funded): 
Tribal colleges and universities ................. . 
Tribal technical colleges ....................... . Haske 
11 & SIP!. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
Subtotal ..................................... . 
Subtotal, forward funded education ........... . Elementary and secondary programs: 
Facilities operations ............................ . 
Facilities maintenance .......................... . 
Juvenile detention center education .............. . Johnson 
O'Malley assistance grants ............... . 
Subtotal ..................................... . 
Post secondary programs: Haske 
11 & SIP I. ........................ . 
Tribal colleges and universities supplements ..... . 
Scholarships & adult education ................... . 
Special higher education scholarships ............ . 
Science post graduate scholarship fund ........... . 
Subtotal... . ................................ . 
Education management: 
Education program management ..................... . 
Education IT ..................................... . 
Subtotal ..................................... . 
Subtotal, Education .......................... . 
Public Safety and Justice: 
Law enforcement: 
Criminal investigations and police services ...... . 
Detention/ corrections ............................ . 
Inspections/internal affairs .................... . 
Law enforcement special initiatives .............. . 
Indian police academy ............................ . 
Tribal justice support ........................... . 
VAWA ....................................... . 
PL 280 courts. . ............................. . 
Law enforcement program management .............. . 
Facilities operations and maintenance ............ . 
Tribal courts............... .. ............. . 
Fire protection .................................... . FY 2018 
Enacted 
402,906 
5,457 
12,248 
2,500 
56,285 
18,810 
81.036 
579,242 
69,793 
7,505 
16,885 
94,183 
673,425 
66,608 
59,552 
500 
14,903 
141,563 
22,513 
1,220 
34,996 
2,992 
2,450 
64,171 
24,957 
10,297 
35,254 
914,413 
211.632 
100,456 
3,510 
10,368 
4,902 
22,264 
(2,000) 
(13,000) 
6,530 
13,657 
30,618 
1,583 FY 2019 
Request 
378,055 
2,617 
6,341 
50,802 
73,973 
511.788 
65,664 
6,464 
72' 128 
583,916 
60,405 
53.723 
114,128 
19,376 
1 '148 
20,524 
15,575 
7,707 
23,282 
741,850 
190,753 
94,027 
3,335 
8,659 
4,665 
7,233 
5, 381 
12,596 
22,110 
1,372 Bi 11 
404. 165 
5,479 
12,278 
2,500 
58,913 
18,810 
82,223 --------
584,368 
72,793 
7,855 
24,542 -----------
105,190 
689,558 
76,795 
59,774 
500 
14,903 
151.972 
1. 220 
34,996 
2,992 
2,450 
41,658 
25,053 
10,302 
35,355 
918,543 
215,059 
100,982 
3,528 
10,412 
4,925 
22,271 
(2,000) 
(13,000) 
6,555 
14,849 
38,744 
1,590 Bill VS. 
Enacted 
+1,259 
+22 
+30 
+2,628 
+1. 187 +5' 126 
+3,000 
+350 
+7,657 
+11,007 
+16,133 
+10,187 
+222 
+10,409 
-22,513 
-22,513 
+96 
+5 
+101 
+4, 130 
+3,427 
+526 +18 
+44 +23 
+7 
+25 
+1 '192 
+8, 126 
+7 
-~~--------.-.- --~-------- . ------------- ........ ---------
Subtotal . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ............. . 405,520 350.131 418,915 +13,395 
Community and economic deve 1 opment .................... 46,447 35,826 51,579 +5' 132 
Executive direction and administrative services ....... 231.747 209,409 224,880 -6,867 
(Amounts available unti 1 expended, account-wide) ...... (53,991) (35,598) (54,174) (+183) 
----------- ------------- -.. ----------- -----------
Total, Operation of Indian Programs ............. 2,411,200 2,002,996 2,436,821 +25,621 . . Bill vs. 
Request 
+26,110 
+2,862 +5,937 
+2,500 
+8, 111 
+18,810 
+8,250 
+72,580 
+7 ,129 
+1. 391 
+24,542 
+33,062 
+105,642 
+16,390 
+6,051 +500 
+14,903 
+37,844 
-19,376 
+72 
+34,996 
+2,992 
+2,450 
+21,134 
+9,478 +2,595 
+12,073 
+176,693 
+24,306 
+6,955 
+193 
+1,753 
+260 
+15,038 
(+2,000) 
(+13,000) 
+1,174 +2,253 
+16,634 
+218 
---------
+68,784 +15,753 
+15,471 
(+18,576) 
--------
+433,825 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6356 July 17, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.113 H17JYPT1
Insert offset folio 11 here EH170718.011lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A · DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2019 (H. R. 6147) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
Contract Support Costs 
Contract support costs .......................... . 
Indian self-determination fund ....................... . 
Total, Contract Support Costs ........... ,.,. 
Construction 
Education........ . ................................. . 
Public safety and justice ............................ . 
Resources management. . ...... . General 
administration .... , ........ ,, ........ . 
Subtotal ..... . 
Rescission ..................... . 
Total, Construction ......... . 
Indian Land and Water Claim Settlements and 
Miscellaneous Payments to Indians 
Land Settlements: 
White Earth Land Settlement Act (Admin) (P.L.99-264) 
Hoopa-Yurok Settlement Act (P.L.100-580) ... , ..... ,., 
Water Settlements: 
Pyramid Lake Water Rights Settlement (P.L.101-618) .. 
Navajo Water Resources Development Trust Fund 
(P.L.111-11) ..................................... . 
Navajo-Gallup Water Supply Project (P.L.111-11) .... . Pechanga 
Band of Luiseno Mission Indians Water 
Rights Settlement Act (P.L.114-322) .............. . 
Blackfeet Water Rights Settlement (P.L. 114-322) ... . 
Una 11 ocated .......................................... . 
Total, Indian Land and Water Claim Settlements 
and Miscellaneous Payments to Indians ........ . 
Indian Guaranteed Loan Program Account 
Indian guaranteed loan program account ..... , ...... , .. , 
Administrative Provisions 
Rescission ......................... , .. , .............. . 
TOTAL, BUREAU OF INDIAN AFFAIRS AND BUREAU OF 
INDIAN EDUCATION .......................... , .. . 
DEPARTMENTAL OFFICES 
Office of the Secretary 
Leadership and administration ... 
Management services .... 
Total, Office of the Secretary ................. . FY 2018 
Enacted 
236,600 
5,000 
241.600 
238,245 
35,309 
67' 192 
13,367 
-------------
354,113 
-------------
354,113 625 
250 
142 
4' 011 
21,720 
9' 192 
19' 517 
55,457 
9,272 
-8,000 
3,063,642 
105,405 
18,777 
124' 182 FY 2019 
Request 
242,000 
5,000 
247,000 
72,851 
10,421 
38,026 
11 '990 -------------
133,288 
-21 '367 
-------------
111 '921 
45,644 45,644 
6,699 
2,414,260 
107,368 27,305 
134,673 Bill 
242,000 
5,000 
247,000 
238,250 
35,310 
67,231 13,694 
-------------
354,485 
-------------
354,485 625 142 
4,011 
21,720 
9' 192 
14,367 
50,057 
19,279 
-4,000 
3,103,642 
107,368 
27,305 
134,673 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
+5,400 +5,400 
+5 
+1 
+39 
+327 -------------
+372 
-------------
+372 
-250 
-5' 150 
-5,400 
+10,007 +4,000 +40,000 
+1 ,963 +8,528 
+10,491 Bill vs. 
Request 
+165,399 +24,889 
+29,205 +1,704 
-------------
+221,197 
+21 '367 
-------------
+242,564 +625 +142 
+4,011 
+21 '720 
+9, 192 +14,367 
-45,644 
+4,413 
+12,580 
-4,000 
+689,382 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6357 July 17, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.113 H17JYPT1
Insert offset folio 12 here EH170718.012lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A -DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2019 (H. R. 6147) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Insular Affairs 
Assistance to Territories 
Territorial Assistance: 
Office of Insular Affairs .......................... . 
Technical assistance ............................... . Maintenance 
assistance fund ........................ . 
Brown tree snake... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ........ . Coral 
reef initiative and Natural Resources ........ . Empowering 
Insular Communities ..................... . Compact impact . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . 
Subtotal, Territorial Assistance ............... . American 
Samoa operations grants ..................... . Northern Marianas covenant 
grants .................... . 
Total, Assistance to Territories ............... . ( 
discretionary) .............................. . (mandatory) .................................. . Compact 
of Free Association 
Compact of Free Association -Federal services ....... . Enewetak 
support ..................................... . 
Subtotal, Compact of Free Association .......... . Compact payments, 
Palau (Title I, General Provision) .. 
Total, Compact of Free Association ............. . 
Total, Insular Affairs ......................... . ( 
discretionary) .............................. . (mandatory) .................................. . 
Office of the Solicitor 
Legal services ....................................... . General 
administration ............................... . 
Ethics ............................................... . 
Total, Office of the Solicitor ................. . 
Office of Inspector General Audit and 
investigations ............................. . 
Administrative services and information management ... . 
Total, Office of Inspector General ............. . 
Office of Special Trustee for American Indians 
Federal Trust Programs Program 
operations, support, and improvements .. . 
(Office of Historical Accounting) ................ . 
Executive direction .................................. . 
Total, Federal Trust Programs .................. . FY 2018 
Enacted 
9,448 
18,000 
4,000 
3,500 
2,200 
5,000 
4,000 
46,148 
23,002 
27,720 
96,870 
(69, 150) 
(27,720) 
2,813 
550 
3,363 
123,824 127,187 
-------------
224,057 
(196,337) 
(27,720) 
59,951 
4,982 
1, 742 
-------------
66,675 
38,538 
12,485 -------------
51,023 
117,712 
(18,990) 
1,688 
-------------
119,400 FY 2019 
Request 
9,430 
14.671 
1. 023 
2,837 
946 2,811 
~--~-~~--·--~ 
31,718 
21,529 
27,720 
80,967 
(53,247) 
(27,720) 
2,636 
473 
3,109 
--------
3,109 
-------------
84,076 
(56,356) (27,720) 
58,996 
4,940 
1, 738 
-------------
65,674 
39,522 
12,964 -------------
52,486 
102,370 
1,697 -------------
104,067 Bi 11 
9,430 
18,218 
4,000 
3,500 
2,000 
5,000 
4,000 
46,148 
23,002 27,720 
96,870 
(69, 150) 
(27,720) 
2,813 
550 
3,363 3,363 
-------------
100,233 
(72,513) (27,720) 
58,996 
4,940 
1. 738 
-------------
65,674 
39,522 
12,964 
-------------52,486 
108,995 
(19,016) 
1 ,697 
-------------
110,692 Bill vs. Enacted 
-18 
+218 
-200 
-123,824 -123,824 
-------------
-123,824 
(-123,824) 
-955 
-42 
-4 
-------------
1 ,001 
+984 +479 
--.. ---.. ------
+1 ,463 
-8,717 
(+26) 
+9 
-------------
8,708 Bill vs. 
Request 
+3,547 
+2, 977 +663 +1, 
054 
+2, 189 
+4,000 
+14,430 
+1,473 
+15,903 
(+15,903) 
+177 
+77 
+254 
--------
+254 
-------------
+16,157 
(+16,157) 
-------------
-------------
+6,625 
(+19,016) 
+6,625 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6358 July 17, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.113 H17JYPT1
Insert offset folio 13 here EH170718.013lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A -DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2019 (H. R. 6147) 
(Amounts in thousands) Navajo and 
Hopi Indian Relocation 
Navajo and Hopi Indian Relocation .................... . 
Total, Office of Special Trustee for American 
Indians ...................................... . FY 2018 
Enacted 
119' 400 FY 2019 
Request 
3,000 
107,067 Bi 11 
3,000 
113,692 Bill vs. Bill vs. 
Enacted Request 
+3,000 
-5,708 +6,625 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= 
TOTAL, DEPARTMENTAL OFFICES .................... . 
(Discretionary) ........................... . (Mandatory) ................................ . 
DEPARTMENT-WIDE PROGRAMS 
Wildland Fire Management 
Fire Operations: 
Preparedness ....................................... . 
Fire suppression ................................... . 
Subtotal ..................................... . 
Subtotal, Fire operations ...................... . 
Other Operations: 
Fuels Management ................................... . 
Burned area rehabilitation ......................... . 
Fire facilities ................................... . 
Joint fire science ................................. . 
Subtotal, Other operations ..................... . 
Total, Wildland fire management ................ . 
Total, all wildland fire accounts ..... . 
Central Hazardous Materials Fund 
Central hazardous materials fund ..................... . Natural Resource 
Damage Assessment Fund 
Damage assessments . . ............................... . 
Program management ................................... . 
Restoration support .................. ,,,, .......... ,., 
Oil Spill Preparedness ............................... . 
Total, Natural Resource Damage Assessment Fund. Working Capi 
ta 1 Fund ................................. . 
Office of Natural Resources Revenue Natural Resources Revenue 
....... . 
Payment in Lieu of Taxes 585,337 
(557,617) 
(27,720) 
332,784 
389,406 --------
389,406 
------------
722,190 
184,000 
20,470 
18,427 
3,000 
225,897 
948,087 948,087 
10,010 
2,000 
2,192 
2,575 
1 '000 
-------------
7,767 
62,370 
137,757 443,976 
(416,256) 
(27,720) 
322,179 
388,135 -.. ----~------
388,135 
-------------
710,314 
150,603 
9,467 
160,070 
-------------870,384 
-----------
870,384 
2,000 
1, 500 
1,000 
1, 900 200 
------------
4,600 
56,735 
137,505 466,758 
(439,038) 
(27,720) 
332,784 
389,406 
------------
389,406 
--~----------
722' 190 
194,000 
20,470 
3,000 
217,470 
------------· 
939,660 
----------
939,660 
10,010 
2,000 2,100 
2,667 
1,000 -------------
7,767 
58,778 
137,505 --118,579 
(-118,579) 
+10,000 
-18,427 
-8,427 -----------
-8,427 
--------------8,427 
-92 
+92 
-~ ------
-3,592 
-252 +22,782 
(+22,782) 
+10,605 
+1 ,271 
+1 ,271 +11, 876 
+43,397 
+11,003 
+3,000 
----~--------
--+57,400 ----------
+69,276 +69,276 
+8,010 
+500 
+1, 100 
+767 
+800 
+3' 167 
+2,043 
Payments to local governments in lieu of taxes........ 465,000 500,000 +500,000 +35,000 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= 
TOTAL, DEPARTMENT-WIDE PROGRAMS ................ . 1 '165,991 1,536,224 1,653,720 +487,729 +117,496 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6359 July 17, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.113 H17JYPT1
Insert offset folio 14 here EH170718.014lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A · DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2019 (H. R. 6147) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Payments to local governments in lieu of taxes (PILT) 
(Sec. 118) ......................................... . FY 2018 
Enacted 
530,000 FY 2019 
Request Bill Bill VS. Bill vs. 
Enacted Request 
-530,000 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= 
TOTAL, TITLE I, DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR ...... 
Appropriations .............................. 
Rescissions ................................. 
Rescissions of contract authority ........... 
(Mandatory). . . . . . . . . . . ................ 
(Discretionary) .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ................ 
TITLE II · ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY 
Science and Technology 
Clean Air ............................................ . (Atmospheric 
Protection Program) ................... . Enforcement 
.......................................... . Homeland 
security .................................... . 
Indoor air and Radiation ............................ . IT 
I Data management I Security ...................... . 
Operations and administration ........................ . 
Pesticide licensing .................................. . 
Research: Air and energy ............................. . 
Research: Chemical safety and sustainability ......... . 
(Research: Computational toxicology) .............. . 
(Research: Endocrine disrupter) ................... . 
Research: National priorities ........................ . 
Research: Safe and sustainable water resources ....... . 
Research: Sustainable and healthy communities ........ . Water: 
Human health protection ....................... . 
Subtotal, Science and Technology ............... . 
Rescission ........................................... . 
Total, Science and Technology .................. . (by 
transfer from Hazardous Substance Superfund) 
Environmental Programs and Management Brownfi e 1 ds 
.......................................... . 
Clean air ............................................ . (Atmospheric 
Protection Program) ................... . 
Compliance ........................................... . Enforcement 
.......................................... . 
(Environmental justice) ............................ . Environmental 
protection: National priorities ....... . Geographic programs: 
Great Lakes Restoration Initiative ................. . 
Chesapeake Bay ..................................... . 
San Franci so Bay. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ............ . 
Puget Sound.................. . ............ . 
Long Island Sound............ . ............. . Gulf 
of Me xi co. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ........... . 
South Florida............... . .................. . 13,115,260 
( 1 3' 123' 260) 
( -8' 000) 
(61 '720) 
(13,053,540) 
============= 
116,541 
(8,018) 
13,669 
33,122 
5,997 
3,089 
68,339 
6,027 
91,906 
126,930 
(21 ,409) 
(16, 253) 
4,100 
106,257 
134,327 
3,519 w-----. 
713,823 
-7,350 
-------------
706,473 
(15,496) 
25,593 
273' 108 
(95,436) 
101,665 240,637 
(6,737) 
12,700 
300,000 
73,000 
4,819 
28,000 
12,000 
12,542 
1 '704 10,588,690 
(10,670,662) 
(-53,832) 
( -28' 140) 
(61 '720) 
(10,526,970) 
============= 
84,905 
10,486 
28,177 
4,666 
2,725 
74,828 
5,058 
30,711 
84,004 
( 17' 213) 
(10,006) 
67,261 
52,549 
3,595 
448,965 
-------------
448,965 
(17,398) 
16,082 
142,901 
(13,542) 
86,374 
197,280 
(2,000) 
30,000 
7,300 13' 108' 229 (13, 
112,229) 
(-4,000) 
(61 '720) 
(13,046,509) 
============= 
103,721 
(7' 136) 
12' 165 
29,479 
5,337 
2,749 
74,828 
5,364 
81,796 
113,935 
(21,409) 
( 16, 253) 
4' 100 
94,569 
119' 551 
3,519 ----------- . 
651 '113 
-7,350 
-------------
643,763 
(15,496) 
25,593 
243,066 
(84,938) 
90,482 
214' 167 
(5,995) 
12,700 
300,000 
73,000 
4,819 
28,000 
12,000 
8,542 
1 '704 -7,031 
( -11 '031) 
(+4,000) 
(. 7' 031) 
============= 
-12,820 
( -882) 
-1 '504 
-3,643 
-660 -340 
+6,489 
-663 
-10' 110 
-12,995 
-11,688 
-14' 776 
-------------
-62,710 
-------------
-62,710 
-30,042 
(-10,498) 
-11 '183 
-26,470 
(-742) 
-4,000 +2,519,539 
(+2,441 ,567) (+49,832) (+28,140) 
(+2,519,539) 
============= 
+18,816 
(+7' 136) 
+1,679 
+1,302 
+671 
+24 
+306 +51,085 
+29,931 
(+4' 196) (+6,247) +4, 
100 +27,308 +67,002 
-76 ------------
+202,148 
-7,350 
-------------
+194,798 ( 
-1 ,902) 
+9,511 
+100,165 
(+71,396) +4' 
108 
+16,887 (+3,995) 
+12,700 +270,000 +65,700 
+4,819 
+28,000 +12,000 
+8,542 
+1 ,704 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6360 July 17, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.113 H17JYPT1
Insert offset folio 15 here EH170718.015lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2019 (H. R. 6147) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Lake Champlain ............. . Lake 
Pontchartrain. 
Southern New England Estuaries ................. . 
Other geographic activities ........................ . 
Subtotal. 
Homeland security. 
Indoor air and radiation ....... . 
Information exchange I Outreach ............ . 
(Children and other sensitive populations: 
Agency coordination) . . . . . . . . . ................. . (Environmental 
education) ......................... . 
International programs ............................... . IT 
I Data management I Security. . ............. . 
Legal/science/regulatory/economic review ............. . 
Operations and administration ........................ . 
Pesticide licensing...... . .................... . Resource 
Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA) ....... . Taxi 
cs risk review and prevention ................. . (Endocrine 
disrupters) ............................. . Underground 
storage tanks (LUST I UST) ............... . 
Water: Ecosystems: 
National estuary program I Coastal waterways ....... . 
Wetlands ........................................... . 
Subtotal. . . . . . ................................ . 
Water: Human health protection ..................... .. 
Water quality protection ............................ . 
Subtotal, Environmental Programs and Management. Energy 
Star (legislative proposal) .................. . 
Offsetting collections, Energy Star (legislative 
proposal) .......................................... . 
Rescission ........ . 
Total, Environmental Programs and Management .... 
Hazardous Waste Electronic Manifest System Fund E-Manifest 
System Fund ........ . 
Offsetting Collections ............................... . 
Total. Hazardous Waste Electronic Manifest 
System Fund .................................. . 
Office of Inspector General 
Audits. evaluations, and investigations .............. . (by 
transfer from Hazardous Substance Superfund). 
Buildings and Facilities 
Homeland security: Protection of EPA personnel 
and infrastructure ................................. . 
Operations and administration .............. . 
Total. Buildings and Facilities. 
Hazardous Substance Superfund 
Audits. eva 1 uati ons. and investigations ..... . 
Compliance.................. . ............... . FY 2018 
Enacted 
8,399 
948 
5,000 
1 '445 
~~~-~~w~~~~ -
447,857 
10' 195 
27,637 
126.538 
(6,548) 
(8,702) 
15,400 
90,536 
111 '414 
480,751 
109,363 
109,377 
92,521 
(7,553) 
11.295 
26,723 
21,065 
-------~-----
47,788 
98,507 
210.417 -------
2,643,299 
-45,300 
-------------
2,597,999 
3,674 
-3,674 
41,489 
(8. 778) 
6,676 
27,791 
34,467 
8. 778 995 FY 2019 
Request 
37,300 
9. 760 
4,221 
85,586 
(2,018) 
4' 188 
83.019 
100,652 
480,206 
79,760 
73,851 
58.626 
5,615 
17,913 
-------------
17,913 
80,543 
174' 975 
1. 738' 852 
46,000 
-------------
1,784,852 
37.475 
(8,718) 
6,176 
33,377 
-------
39,553 
8,718 
988 Bill 
4,399 
948 
1,445 
~ w-. w -~ ~- w ~-
434,857 
9,074 
25,637 
112.619 
(5,827) 
13,706 
80.577 
99' 158 
480,206 
102,363 104,000 
92,521 
(7,553) 
9,826 
26.723 
21.065 
-------------
47,788 
87.671 
187.271 
2,473,282 
-40,000 
-------------
2,433,282 
41 '489 
(8, 778) 
6,176 
33,377 39,553 
8, 778 995 Bi 1l vs. Enacted 
-4,000 -5,000 
-13,000 
-1 '121 
-2,000 
-13,919 
(-721) 
(-8.702) 
-1 '694 
-9,959 
12,256 
-545 
-7,000 
-5.377 -1,469 
-------------
-10.836 -23,146 
-170,017 
+5,300 
-------------
-164,717 
-3.674 
+3,674 
-500 
+5,586 
+5,086 Bill vs. 
Request 
+4,399 
+948 
+1 ,445 
+397.557 
-686 
+21. 416 
+27.033 
(+3,809) 
+9,518 
-2,442 
-1,494 
+22,603 
+30,149 
+33,895 
(+7,553) 
+4,211 
+26,723 
+3. 152 
-------------
+29,875 
+7. 128 
+12,296 
+734,430 
-46.000 -40,000 
-------------
+648,430 
+4,014 
(+60) 
+60 
+7 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6361 July 17, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.113 H17JYPT1
Insert offset folio 16 here EH170718.016lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A -DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2019 (H. R. 6147) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
Enforcement. 
Homeland security 
Indoor air and radiation ............................. . 
Information exchange I Outreach ...................... . IT 
/data management/security.. . ........ . 
legal/science/regulatory/economic review .... . 
Operations and administration.. . ........... . 
Research: Chemical safety and sustainability. 
Research: Sustainable communities. . .............. . 
Superfund cleanup: 
Superfund: Emergency response and removal. 
Superfund: Emergency preparedness ............. . 
Superfund: Federal facilities. . ............... . 
Superfund: Remedial. . ......................... . 
Subtotal ..... . 
Total, Hazardous Substance Superfund ........... . 
(transfer out to Inspector General) ............ . 
(transfer out to Science and Technology). 
Leaking Underground Storage Tank Trust Fund (LUST) 
Enforcement .......................................... . 
Operations and administration ....................... . 
Research: Sustainable communities .................... . 
Underground storage tanks (LUST I UST) .... , ...... . 
(LUST/UST)..... . ...................... . 
(LUST cooperative agreements) ...................... . (Energy 
Policy Act grants) ............... , ......... , 
Total, Leaking Underground Storage Tank 
Trust Fund. . . . . . . . . ................... . 
Inland Oil Spill Program 
Camp l i ance ........................................... . 
Enforcement .......................................... . 
Oil ................................................ . 
Operations and administration ........................ . 
Research: Sustainable communities .................... . 
Total, Inland Oil Spill Program ................ . 
State and Tribal Assistance Grants (STAG) 
Alaska Native villages. . ...................... . 
Brownfields projects .......... . Clean 
water state revolving fund ( SRF) ............... . 
Diesel emissions grants .............................. . 
Drinking water state revolving fund (SRF) ..... . Mexico 
border .. .. .. .......... . 
Targeted airshed grants. . ................. . Water 
quality monitoring (P.L. 114-322) .............. . 
Subtotal, Infrastructure assistance grants ..... 
Categorical grants: 
Beaches protection ................................. . 
Brownfields ................................. . 
Environmental information ................ . Hazardous 
waste financial assistance ..... . Lead. . . . . . . . . . . . ........... . Nonpoint 
source (Sec. 319)... . ............. . 
Pesticides enforcement.......... . .......... . 
Pesticides program implementation ............... . 
Pollution control (Sec. 106) ................. . (Water 
quality monitoring) ... . FY 2018 FY 2019 
Enacted Request Bill 
w ~ - - -~ ~ ~ -----------
166,375 164,691 154,375 
32,616 32.686 30,616 
1 '985 1,972 1 '985 
1,328 1 '31 9 1 '328 
14,485 18,906 14,485 
1,253 577 1 '253 
128' 105 124.700 123' 105 
2,824 5,021 5,021 
11 '463 10,885 8,982 
181.306 181,306 181 '306 
7,636 7,584 7,636 
21 '125 20.982 21.125 
511.673 508,495 566' 100 
------------- ------------- -------------
721 '740 718.367 776,167 
1,091,947 1,088,830 1 '127' 090 
(-8,778) ( -8, 718) ( -8, 778) 
(-15,496) ( -17' 398) (-15,496) 
620 589 620 1 
'352 1. 331 1 '352 
320 320 320 
89,649 45,292 89,649 
(9,240) (6,452) (9,240) 
(55,040) (38,840) (55,040) 
(25,369) (25,369) ----------
91 '941 47,532 91 '941 139 139 
2,413 2,219 2,413 
14,409 12,273 14,409 
584 665 584 664 516 664 
------------- ------------- -------------
18,209 15,673 18,209 
20,000 3,000 20,000 
80,000 62,000 80,000 
1,393,887 1,393,887 1,393,887 
75,000 10,000 100,000 
863,233 863,233 863,233 
10,000 10,000 
40,000 55,000 
4,000 
------------- ------------- -------------
2' 486' 120 2,332,120 2' 522' 120 
9,549 9,549 
47,745 31,791 47,745 
9,646 6,422 9,646 
99,693 66,381 99,693 
14,049 14,049 
170,915 170,915 
18,050 10,531 18,050 
12,701 8,457 12' 701 
230.806 153,683 230,806 
(17,848) (11. 884) (17,848) Bill vs. 
Enacted 
-12' 000 
-2,000 
-5,000 
+2' 197 
2' 481 
+54,427 
-------------
+54' 427 +35, 143 
-------------
+25,000 +15,000 
-4,000 
-------------
+36,000 Bill vs. 
Request 
-10.316 
-2,070 
+13 
+9 
-4,421 
+676 
-1 '595 
-1,903 
+52 
+143 
+57,605 
+57,800 
+38,260 
(-60) 
(+1 '902) 
+31 +21 
+44,357 
(+2,788) 
(+16,200) 
(+25,369) 
+44,409 
+139 +194 
+2' 136 -81 
+14B 
-------------
+2,536 
+17' 000 +18,000 +90,000 +10,000 +55,000 
-------------
+190,000 
+9,549 
+15,954 
+3,224 
+33,312 
+14,04g +170,915 
+7,519 
+4,244 +77,123 
(+5,964) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6362 July 17, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.113 H17JYPT1
Insert offset folio 17 here EH170718.017lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A -DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2019 (H. R. 6147) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
Pollution prevention ................. . 
Public water system supervision .................... . Radon .............................................. . 
State and local air quality management ............. . 
Taxies substances compliance ....................... . 
Tribal air quality management ...................... . 
Tribal general assistance program .................. . Underground 
injection control (UIC) ................ . Underground 
storage tanks .......................... . Wetlands program development ....................... . 
Multipurpose grants ................................ . 
Subtotal , Categorical grants ................... . 
Total, State and Tribal Assistance Grants ...... . Water 
Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Program 
Administrative Expenses .............................. . 
Direct Loan Subsidy .................................. . 
Total, Water Infrastructure Finance and 
Innovation Program ........................... . 
Administrative Provisions 
Rescission. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .................... . 
TOTAL, TITLE II, ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY 
Appropriations .............................. 
Rescissions ................................. 
(By transfer) ................................... 
(Transfer out) ............... .................. 
TITLE III -RELATED AGENCIES 
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE 
Under Secretary for Natural Resources and the 
Environment ........................................ . 
FOREST SERVICE 
Forest and Rangeland Research 
Forest inventory and analysis ........................ . 
Research and development programs .................... . 
Fire plan research and development ................. . 
Subtotal, Forest and Rangeland Research ........ . 
Unobligated balances (rescission) .................... . 
Total, Forest and rangeland research ........... . 
State and Private Forestry 
Landscape scale restoration .......................... . FY 2018 
Enacted 
4,765 
101.963 
8,051 228,219 
4,919 
12,829 
65,476 
10,506 
1 '498 14,661 
10,000 
-------------
1,076,041 
-------------
3,562,161 
5,000 5,000 
10,000 
-96, 198 
8,058,488 
(8,207,336) 
(-148,848) 
(24,274) 
(-24,274) 
======::;====== 
875 
77,000 
220,000 
297,000 297,000 
14,000 FY 2019 
Request Bi 11 
~--~~~~~~~wN~~ 
67,892 151,961 
3,276 
8,963 
44,233 
6,995 
9,762 
27,000 
-------------
597,347 
-------- ----
2,929,467 
3,000 
17,000 
20,000 
-220,460 
6.191. 887 
(6,412,347) 
(-220,460) 
(26, 116) ( 
-26,116) 
============= 
875 
75,000 
171,050 
14,750 
260,800 
-2,000 
258,800 4,765 
101,963 
8,051 
228,219 
4,919 
12,829 
65,476 
10,506 
1,498 
14,661 
-------------
1, 066,041 
-------------
3' 588,161 
5,000 
45,000 
50,000 
-75,000 
7,958,488 
(8,080,838) 
(-122,350) 
(24,274) 
(-24,274) 
============= 
875 
77,000 
220,000 
297,000 
297,000 
10,000 Bi 11 vs. 
Enacted 
-10,000 
-------------
-10,000 -------------
+26,000 +40,000 +40,000 
+21,198 
-100,000 
(-126,498) 
(+26,498) 
============= 
-4,000 Bi 11 vs. 
Request 
+4,765 
+34,071 +8,051 
+76,258 
+1 ,643 +3,866 
+21 ,243 +3,511 
+1 ,498 +4,899 
-27,000 
-------------
+468,694 
-------------
+658,694 
+2,000 +28,000 +30,000 
+145,460 
+1,766,601 
(+1,668,491) 
(+98, 110) 
( -1. 842) 
(+1 ,842) 
========::=== 
+2,000 +48,950 
-14,750 
+36,200 +2,000 +38,200 +10,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6363 July 17, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.113 H17JYPT1
Insert offset folio 18 here EH170718.018lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A -DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2019 (H. R. 6147) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
Forest Health Management: 
Federal lands forest health management ............. . 
Cooperative lands forest health management ......... . 
Subtotal ....................................... . 
Cooperative Fire Assistance: 
State fire assistance (National Fire Capacity) ... . 
Volunteer fire assistance (Rural Fire Capacity) .. . 
Subtotal .. 
Cooperative Forestry: 
Forest stewardship (Working Forest Lands) .......... . 
Forest 1 egacy ...................................... . Community 
forest and open space conservation ....... . 
Urban and community forestry ...................... . 
Subtotal ....................................... . 
International forestry .............................. . 
Subtotal, State and Private Forestry ........... . 
Unobligated balances: Forest legacy (rescission) .... . 
Unobligated balances (rescission) .................... . 
Subtotal ....................................... . 
Total, State and Private Forestry .............. . 
National Forest System 
Land management planning, assessment and monitoring .. . 
Recreation, heritage and wilderness .................. . 
Grazing management ................................... . Hazardous Fue 
1 s. . . .................................. . 
Forest products ...................................... . 
Vegetation and watershed management .................. . 
Wildlife and fish habitat management ................. . 
Collaborative Forest Landscape Restoration Fund ...... . 
Minerals and geology management ...................... . Landownership management (Land 
Use Authorization and Access) ............................................ . 
Law enforcement operations ........................... . 
Total, National Forest System .................. . 
Capital Improvement and Maintenance 
Faci 1 iti es ........................................... . Roads ................................................ . 
Trai 1 s ............................................... . 
Subtotal, Capital improvement and maintenance ... 
Deferral of road and trail fund payment .............. . 
Total, Capital improvement and maintenance ..... . Land 
Acquisition 
Acqui si ti ons. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ................. . 
Acquisition Management ............................... . 
Recreati anal Access .................................. . 
Critical Inholdings/Wilderness ...................... . 
Cash Equalization .................................... . 
Subtotal ....................................... . FY 2018 
Enacted 
55,500 
41,000 
96,500 
80,000 
16,000 
96,000 
20,500 
67,025 
4,000 
28,500 
120,025 
9,000 
335,525 
-5,938 
-5,938 
329,587 179 '263 257,848 
56,856 
430,000 366,000 180,000 
136,430 
40,000 
74,200 
74,000 
129' 153 
-----------1,923,750 
151,000 218,000 
80,000 
-----------
449,000 
-15,000 
---------
434,000 
50,035 
7,352 
4,700 
2,000 
250 
-------------
64,337 FY 2019 
Request 
51,495 
34,376 85,871 
65,930 
11,020 
76,950 
19,475 
--------
19,475 
-.. -------
182,296 
-4,000 
-6,000 __ .,. ____ ---
-10,000 
172' 296 
156,750 
240,236 
48,070 
390,000 
341 '165 
165,680 118,750 
64,600 65,550 
129,153 -----------
1,719,954 
11,162 
71 '481 
12,065 
----------
94,708 
-15,000 
--------
79,708 Bi 11 
65,000 
51,000 
116,000 
80,000 
16,000 
96,000 
20,500 
48,445 
4,000 
30,000 -------------
102,945 
10,000 ----------
334,945 
-----~-----
-------------
334,945 
180,000 
260,000 
60,000 
450,000 380,000 180,000 
140,000 
40,000 
75,000 75,000 
132,000 
---------
1,972,000 
176,000 
238,000 
85,000 
----------
499,000 
-15,000 
484,000 21,061 
7,000 
4,700 
2,000 
34,761 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
+9,500 +10,000 +19,500 
-18,580 
+1 ,500 
------------
-17' 080 +1,000 
---------
-580 
+5,938 
------ ... -
+5,938 
--------
+5,358 +737 +2' 152 +3' 
144 
+20,000 +14,000 +3,570 +800 +1,000 
+2,847 
+48,250 +25,000 +20,000 +5,000 
--------
+50,000 
--------
+50,000 
-28,974 
-352 -250 
-------- ----
-29,576 Bi 11 vs. 
Request 
+13,505 
+16,624 
+30, 129 
+14,070 +4,980 +19,050 
+1 ,025 
+48,445 
+4,000 
+30,000 +83,470 +10,000 
+152,649 
+4,000 
+6,000 +10,000 +162,649 +23,250 
+19,764 
+11,930 +60,000 
+38,835 
+14,320 +21,250 +40,000 +10,400 +9,450 
+2,847 -------------
+252,046 
+164,838 +166,519 +72,935 
+404,292 
--------
+404,292 
+21 '061 
+7,000 +4,700 +2,000 
---------- --
+34,761 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6364 July 17, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.113 H17JYPT1
Insert offset folio 19 here EH170718.019lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2019 (H. R. 6147) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
FY 2018 
Enacted FY 2019 
Request Bill Bi 11 VS. Bill VS. 
Enacted Request 
~~~--~--~~ 
Unobligated balances (rescission) ............... . 
Total, Land Acquisition ........................ . 
Acquisition of land for national forests, special acts 
Acquisition of lands to complete land exchanges ...... . Range 
betterment fund ................................ . 
Gifts, donations and bequests for forest and rangeland 
research ........................................... . Management 
of national forest lands for subsistence 
uses ........ . 
Wildland Fire Management 
Fire operations: 
Wildland fire preparedness ........................ . 
Wildland fire suppression operations ............... . 
Additional suppression funding ................. . 
Subtota 1 , Fire operations .................. . 
Subtotal, Wildland Fire Management ............. . 
Rescission ........................................... . 
Total, all wildland fire accounts .............. . 
Total, Forest Service without Wildland Fire 
Management ................................... . 
TOTAL, FOREST SERVICE ........................... 
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES 
INDIAN HEALTH SERVICE 
Indian Health Services 
Clinical Services: 
Hospital and health clinics ......................... 
Dental health ....................................... 
Mental health ....................................... 
Alcohol and substance abuse ......................... 
Purchased/referred care ........ . .......... ' ...... 
Indian Health Care Improvement Fund ................. 
Subtotal ..... .................................. 
Preventive Health: 
Public health nursing ............................ . 
Health education ................................... . 
Community health representatives ................... . 
Immunization (Alaska) ............................ . 
Subtotal ....................................... . 
Other services: 
Urban Indian health ................................ . 
Indian health professions ........................ . 
Tribal management grant program .................... . 
Direct operations .................................. . 
Self-governance .................................. . 
Subtotal ....................................... . 
Total, Indian Health Services .................. . 64,337 
850 
192 
2,065 
45 
2,500 
1,323,520 
1,056,818 
500,000 
-~-----------
2,880,338 
-------------
2,880,338 
______ .,. ______ 
2,880,338 
-------------
3,054,326 
5,934,664 
2' 045' 128 
195,283 
99,900 
227,788 
962,695 
72,280 
-------------
3,603,074 
85,043 
19,871 
62,888 
2' 127 
169,929 
49,315 49,363 
2,465 
72,338 
5,806 
-----------
179' 287 -------------
3,952,290 -17,000 
-17,000 
700 150 
1 '700 
45 
1 '850 
1,339,620 
1 '165' 366 
-------------
2,504,986 
-------------
2,504,986 
-65,000 -------------
2,439,986 
-------------
2,218,203 
4,658,189 
2,189,688 
203,783 
105,169 
235,286 
954,957 
-------------
3,688,883 
87,023 
2,035 --------
89,058 
46,422 43,394 
73,431 
4,787 
168,034 
-------------
3,945,975 34,761 
700 150 
1 '700 
45 
1,850 
1,339,620 
1 '165' 366 
500,000 
-------------
3,004,986 
-------------
3,004,986 
-------------
3,004,986 
-------------
3,127' 151 
6' 132' 137 
2,170,257 
207,906 
106,752 
238,560 
964,819 
125,666 
-------------
3,813,960 
90,540 
20,568 
62,888 
2' 164 
176,160 
60,000 70,765 
2,465 
73,431 
5,858 
212,519 
-------------
4,202,639 +17,000 
------ ~ -
-29,576 +51' 761 
-150 
-42 -365 
-650 
+16' 100 
+108,548 
+500,000 ------------- -------------
+124,648 +500,000 
------------- -------------
+124,648 +500,000 
+65,000 ------------- -------------
+124,648 +565,000 
------------- -------------
+72,825 +908,948 
+197,473 +1 ,473,948 
+125, 129 -19,431 
+12,623 +4, 123 +6,852 
+1 ,583 
+10,772 +3,274 
+2' 124 +9,862 +53,386 +125,666 
------------- -------------
+210,886 +125,077 
+5,497 +3,517 +697 
+20,568 
+62,888 
+37 +129 
-----------
+6,231 +87' 102 +10,685 
+13,578 
+21,402 +27,371 +2,465 
+1 ,093 
+52 +1,071 
+33,232 +44,485 
------------- -------------
+250,349 +256,664 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6365 July 17, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.113 H17JYPT1
Insert offset folio 20 here EH170718.020lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A · DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2019 (H. R. 6147) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
FY 2018 FY 2019 Enacted Request 
Bi 11 
•• ~ ~ ~ • ~ * " --
Special Diabetes Program for Indians 
Program costs (legislative proposal) .......... . 150,000 
Contract Support Costs 
Contract support. 717 '970 822,227 822,227 
Indian Health Facilities 
Maintenance and improvement .................... . 167,527 75,745 167,527 
Sanitation facilities construction ................... . 192,033 101 '772 192,033 
Health care facilities construction ......... . 243,480 79,500 243,480 
Facilities and environmental health support ....... . 240,758 228,852 256,002 
Equipment..... . ........ . 23,706 19,952 23,706 
Total, Indian Health Facilities ....... . 867,504 505,821 882,748 Bi 11 vs. Bi 11 vs. 
Enacted Request 
~ ~ * • - ~ ~ * • 
-150,000 
+104,257 +91,782 
+90,261 
+163,980 +15,244 +27' 
150 
+3,754 
~~--~~~-
+15,244 +376,927 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= 
TOTAL, INDIAN HEALTH SERVICE .................. . 
NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH 
National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences ... 
AGENCY FOR TOXIC SUBSTANCES AND DISEASE REGISTRY 
Toxic substances and environmental public health .. 
TOTAL, DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES .. 
OTHER RELATED AGENCIES 
EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT 
Council on Environmental Quality and Office of 
Environmental Quality .............................. . 
CHEMICAL SAFETY AND HAZARD INVESTIGATION BOARD 
Salaries and expenses ................................ . 
OFFICE OF NAVAJO AND HOPI INDIAN RELOCATION 
Salaries and expenses ............................... . 
INSTITUTE OF AMERICAN INDIAN AND ALASKA NATIVE CULTURE 
AND ARTS DEVELOPMENT 
Payment to the Institute ............................ . 
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION 
Salaries and Expenses 
Museum and Research Institutes: 
National Air and Space Museum ...................... . 
Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory .............. . Major 
scientific instrumentation ........... . 
Universe Center. . ....................... . 
National Museum of Natural History ....... . 
National Zoological Park.... . ........ . 
Smithsonian Environmental Research Center .. . 
Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute ........... . 
Biodiversity Center. . ........ . 5,537,764 
77,349 74,691 
5,689,804 
3,000 
11 '000 
15,431 
9,835 
20,110 
24,593 
4' 118 184 49,789 27,566 4,227 14,486 
1 '543 5,424,023 
53,967 
62,000 
5,539,990 
2,994 
9,500 
4,400 
9,960 
20' 110 
24,593 
4' 118 
184 
49' 789 
27,566 4,227 14,486 1 '543 5,907,614 
80,000 
62,000 
6,049,614 
2,994 
12,000 
4,750 
9,960 
20' 110 
24,593 
4' 118 184 49,789 27,566 
4,227 
14,486 
1 '543 +369,850 +483,591 +2,651 
+26,033 
-12,691 +359,810 +509,624 
-6 
+1,000 +2,500 -10,681 +350 
+125 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6366 July 17, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.113 H17JYPT1
Insert offset folio 21 here EH170718.021lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2019 (H. R. 6147) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
Arthur M. Sackler Gallery/Freer Gallery of Art ..... . 
Center for Folklife and Cultural Heritage .......... . 
Cooper-Hewitt, National Design Museum .............. . 
Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden .............. . 
National Museum of African Art ..................... . World 
Cultures Center .............................. . 
Anacostia Community Museum ......................... . 
Archives of American Art ........................... . 
National Museum of African American History and 
Culture .......................................... . 
National Museum of American Hi story. . . . . . . . . . .... . 
National Museum of the American Indian ............. . 
National Portrait Gallery .......................... . 
Smithsonian American Art Museum .................... . American 
Experience Center ......................... . 
Subtotal, Museums and Research Institutes ...... . Mission 
enabling: 
Program support and outreach: 
Outreach ........................................... . 
Communications ..................................... . 
Institution-wide programs .......................... . 
Office of Exhibits Central ......................... . 
Museum Support Center. . . . . . . . . . ................. . 
Museum Conservation Institute ...................... . 
Smithsonian Institution Archives ................. . 
Smithsonian Institution Libraries .................. . 
Subtotal, Program support and outreach ......... . 
Office of Chief Information Officer .................. . 
Administration ....................................... . 
Inspector General ............... . 
Facilities services: 
Facilities maintenance ............................. . 
Facilities operations, security and support ........ . 
Subtotal, Facilities services .................. . 
Subtotal, Mission enabling ..................... . 
Total, Salaries and expenses ................... . 
Facilities Capital 
Revi ta 1 i zat ion ....................................... . 
Facilities planning and design ................. . 
Construction ......................................... . 
Total, Facilities Capital ...................... . 
TOTAL, SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION ................. . 
NATIONAL GALLERY OF ART 
Salaries and Expenses 
Care and utilization of art collections. 
Operation and maintenance of buildings and grounds ... . 
Protection of buildings, grounds and contents ........ . General 
administration. . .......... . FY 2018 
Enacted 
6,273 
3,084 
5,061 
4,687 4,654 
792 2,355 
1,933 
33,079 
26,504 
32,671 
6,556 
10,239 
600 285,104 
9,333 
2,663 
16,784 
3' 154 
1,906 
3,359 
2,408 
11,273 
-------------
50,880 
51,967 
36,314 
3,538 
77,045 
226,596 
303,641 -------------
446,340 
731,444 
281,603 20,300 
10,000 
311,903 
1,043,347 
46,368 
35,854 
26,558 
33,010 FY 2019 
Request 
6,273 
3,184 
5,086 
4,544 4,654 
792 
2,405 
1,933 
33,079 26,704 
33,242 
6,556 
10,239 
550 
285,857 
9,333 
2,839 
14,784 
3,169 
1 '906 
3,359 
2,423 
11,373 
-------------
49, 186 
52,509 
36,405 
3, 538 
82,045 
228,404 310,449 
-----------
452,087 
737,944 
202,500 17,000 219,500 
957,444 
44,954 
35,091 
27' 283 
31 '396 -Bi 11 
6,273 
3' 184 
5,086 
4,544 4,654 
792 
2,405 
1 '933 
33,079 
26,704 
33,242 
6,556 
10,239 
550 
285,857 
9,333 
2,839 
14,784 
3,169 
1,906 
3,359 
2,423 
11,373 
-------------
49' 186 
52,509 
36,405 
3,538 
82,045 
228,404 
310,449 -------------
452,087 
737,944 
300,500 
17' 000 
317' 500 
1,055,444 
46,368 
35,854 
26,558 
33,010 Bi 11 vs. 
Enacted 
+100 
+25 
-143 
+50 
+200 
+571 
-50 
+753 +176 
-2,000 
+15 +15 
+100 
1 '694 +542 
+91 
+5,000 +1,808 +6,808 
+5,747 
+6,500 
+18,897 
-3,300 
-10,000 
+5,597 
+12,097 
------------- ------------- ------------- -------------
Total, Salaries and Expenses ................... . 141,790 138,724 141 '790 Bill vs. 
Request 
+98,000 +98,000 +98,000 
+1 '414 
+763 
-725 
+1 '614 
-------------
+3,066 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6367 July 17, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.113 H17JYPT1
Insert offset folio 22 here EH170718.022lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2019 (H. R. 6147) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
Repair, Restoration and Renovation of Buildings 
Base program ......................................... . 
TOTAL, NATIONAL GALLERY OF ART ................. . 
JOHN F. KENNEDY CENTER FOR THE PERFORMING ARTS 
Operations and maintenance ........................... . 
Capital repair and restoration ..................... . 
TOTAL, JOHN F. KENNEDY CENTER FOR THE PERFORMING 
ARTS ............................ ·············· 
WOODROW WILSON INTERNATIONAL CENTER FOR SCHOLARS 
Salaries and expenses ................................ . 
NATIONAL FOUNDATION ON THE ARTS AND THE HUMANITIES 
National Endowment for the Arts 
Grants and Administration 
Grants: 
Direct grants ...................................... . 
Challenge America grants ........................... . 
Subtotal ...................................... . 
State partnerships: 
State and regional ........................... . 
Underserved set-aside ............................ . 
Subtotal. 
Subtotal, Grants ............................... . 
Program support ...................................... . 
Admi ni strati on ....................................... . 
Total, Arts .................................... . 
National Endowment for the Humanities 
Grants and Administration 
Grants: 
Federal/State partnership .................. . 
Preservation and access ............................ . 
Public programs. .. .. .. .. .. . .. .. .. .. .. .. .. . . 
Research programs... . ...................... . 
Education programs ................................. . Program 
development. . . . . . .................... . 
Digital humanities initiatives ..................... . 
Subtotal, Grants .............................. . Matching 
Grants: 
Treasury funds ..................................... . 
Challenge grants ................................. . 
Subtotal, Matching grants ...................... . FY 2018 
Enacted 
24,203 
165,993 
23,740 
16,775 
40,515 
12' 000 
64,819 
7,600 
72,419 
37,996 
10,284 
48,280 
120,699 
1 '950 
30,200 
152,849 
47,200 
19' 000 
14,000 15,000 12,750 
850 
4,600 
113' 400 
2,200 
9' 100 
11 '300 FY 2019 
Request 
8' 176 
146,900 24,490 13,000 
37,490 
7,474 
-------------
-------------
28,949 ---------
28,949 
13,537 
13,537 Bi 11 
26,564 
168,354 
24,490 
16,025 
40,515 
12' 000 
64,819 
7,600 
72,419 
40,000 
10,431 
-------------
50,431 -------------
122,850 
1,950 
30,200 ----------
155,000 
48,730 
19,000 14.000 
15,000 12,750 
850 
4,600 
114,930 
2,200 
9' 100 
11 '300 Bill vs. 
Enacted +2,361 +2,361 
+750 -750 
+2,004 
+147 
-------------
+2' 151 -------------
+2' 151 
+2,151 
+1 ,530 
+1. 530 Bill vs. 
Request +18,388 
+21 ,454 
+3,025 +3,025 
+4,526 
+64,819 
+7,600 
+72,419 
+40,000 +10,431 
-------------
+50,431 -------------
+122,850 +1,950 
+1,251 -----------
+126,051 +48,730 +19,000 +14,000 +15,000 +12,750 +850 +4,600 +114,930 +2,200 
-4,437 -2,237 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6368 July 17, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.113 H17JYPT1
Insert offset folio 23 here EH170718.023lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A · DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2019 (H. R. 6147) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
Administration .................................. . 
Total, Humanities .............................. . 
TOTAL, NATIONAL FOUNDATION ON THE ARTS AND THE 
HUMANITIES ................................... . FY 2018 
Enacted 28' 148 152,848 
305,697 FY 2019 
Request 
28,770 42,307 
71,256 Bi 11 
28' 770 
155,000 310,000 Bill VS. Bill VS. 
Enacted Request 
+622 
+2' 152 +112,693 
+4,303 +238,744 
==~========== ============= ============= ============= ============= 
COMMISSION OF FINE ARTS 
Salaries and expenses ................................ . 
NATIONAL CAPITAL ARTS AND CULTURAL AFFAIRS 
Grants ............................................... . 
ADVISORY COUNCIL ON HISTORIC PRESERVATION 
Salaries and expenses ................................ . 
NATIONAL CAPITAL PLANNING COMMISSION 
Salaries and expenses .................... . 
UNITED STATES HOLOCAUST MEMORIAL MUSEUM 
Holocaust Memorial Museum ............................ . 
DWIGHT 0. EISENHOWER MEMORIAL COMMISSION 
Salaries and expenses ................................ . 
Construction ......................................... . 
Total, DWIGHT D. EISENHOWER MEMORIAL COMMISSION. 
WOMEN'S SUFFRAGE CENTENNIAL COMMISSION 
Salaries and expenses ................................ . 
WORLD WAR I CENTENNIAL COMMISSION 
Salaries and expenses ................................ . 
TOTAL, TITLE III, RELATED AGENCIES ............. . 
Appropriations ................... . 
Rescissions ................................ . Emergency 
appropriations ................... . 
TITLE IV -GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Treatment of certain hospitals (Sec. 429) ....... , .... . 
Infrastructure (Sec. 435) ..... . 
TOTAL, TITLE IV, GENERAL PROVISIONS ....... , .... . 2,762 2,750 
6,400 
8,099 
59,000 
1,800 
45,000 2. 771 
6,440 
7,948 
56,602 
1 '800 30,000 2' 771 
2,750 
6,440 
8,099 
58,000 
1,800 +9 
+2,750 
+40 
+151 
-1,000 +1. 398 
·45,000 -30,000 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= 
46,800 
1,000 
7,000 
13,365,972 
(13,371 ,910) 
(-5,938) 
8,000 
766,000 774,000 31,800 6,000 
11,558,033 
( 11 . 652. 033) 
(-94,000) 1 ,800 500 
3,000 
13,882,003 
(13,882,003) 
365,000 365,000 ·45,000 
-500 
-4,000 
+516,031 (+510.093) 
(+5,938) 
-8,000 
·401 '000 
-409,000 -30,000 
+500 
-3,000 
+2,323,970 
(+2,229,970) 
(+94,000) 
+365,000 +365,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6369 July 17, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.113 H17JYPT1
Insert offset folio 24 here EH170718.024lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2019 (H. R. 6147) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
OTHER APPROPRIATIONS 
ADDITIONAL SUPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIATIONS FOR DISASTER 
RELIEF REQUIREMENTS ACT OF 2017 (P.L. 115-72) 
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE 
Forest Service 
Wi 1 dl and Fire Management (emergency) . . . . . . . ......... . 
FLAME Wildfire Suppression Reserve Fund (emergency) .. . 
Total, Department of Agriculture ............... . 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR 
Department-Wide Programs Wildland 
Fire Management (emergency) ........... . 
Total, Additional Supplemental Appropriations 
for Disaster Relief Requirements, 2017 ....... . 
FURTHER ADDITIONAL SUPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIATIONS FOR 
DISASTER RELIEF ACT, 2018 (P.L. 115-123) 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR 
United States Fish and Wildlife Service 
Construction (emergency) ............................. . National 
Park Service 
Historic Preservation Fund (emergency) ............... . 
Construction (emergency) ............................. . 
Total, National Park Service .................. .. 
United States Geological Survey 
Surveys, Investigations, and Research (emergency) ..... 
Departmental Offices 
Insular Affairs: 
Assistance to Territories (emergency) .......... , .. 
Office of Inspector General (emergency) .............. . 
Total, Departmental Offices .................... . 
Total, Department of the Interior .............. . Environmental 
Protection Agency Hazardous 
Substance Superfund (emergency) ............ . Leaking 
Underground Storage Tank Trust Fund 
(emergency)..................... . ............ . 
State and Tribal Assistance Grants (emergency) ....... . 
Total, Environmental Protection Agency ......... . FY 2018 
Enacted 
184,500 
342,000 
526,500 
50,000 
576,500 
210,629 
50,000 
207,600 
257,600 
42,246 
3,000 
2,500 
5,500 
515,975 
6,200 
7,000 
50,000 
63,200 FY 2019 
Request Bill Bill vs. Bill vs. 
Enacted Request 
-184,500 
-342,000 -526,500 
-50,000 
-576,500 
-210,629 
-50,000 
-207,600 -257,600 
-42,246 
-3,000 -2,500 -5,500 
515,975 
-6,200 -7,000 
-50,000 
63,200 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6370 July 17, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.113 H17JYPT1
Insert offset folio 25 here EH170718.025lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2019 (H. R. 6147) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE 
Forest Service 
State and Private Forestry (emergency) .............. . 
National Forest System (emergency) ................... . 
Capital Improvement and Maintenance (emergency) ...... . 
Total, Department of Agriculture ............... . FY 2018 
Enacted 
7,500 
20,652 91,600 
119,752 FY 2019 
Request Bi 11 Bill vs. Bill vs. 
Enacted Request 
-7,500 
-20,652 -91,600 
-119,752 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= 
Total, Further Additional Supplemental 
Appropriations for Disaster Relief, 2018 ..... . 
TOTAL, OTHER APPROPRIATIONS .................... . 
GRAND TOTAL .......................................... . 
Appropriations ................................... . 
Rescissions.. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ............... . 
Rescissions of contract authority ................ . Emergency 
appropriations ......................... . 
(By transfer) ........................................ . 
(Transfer out) ....................................... . 
(Discretionary total) ................................ . 698,927 1,275,427 
36,589,147 
(35,476,506) 
(-162,786) 
(1,275,427) 
(24,274) 
(-24,274) 
(35,252,000) 28,338,610 35,313,720 
(28,735,042) (35,440,070) 
(-368,292) (-126,350) 
(-28,140) 
(26, 116) (24,274) 
( -26, 116) (-24,274) 
(28,276,890) (35,252,000) -698,927 
-1,275,427 -1,275,427 
(-36,436) 
(+36,436) (-1 
,275,427) +6,975,110 
(+6,705,028) 
(+241 ,942) 
(+28,140) 
( -1 ,842) (+1,842) 
(+6,975,110) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6371 July 17, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.113 H17JYPT1
Insert offset folio 26 here EH170718.026lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION B -FINANCIAL SERVICES AND GENERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 (H.R. 6147) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
TITLE I -DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY 
Departmental Offices 
Salaries and Expenses ............... . 
Office of Terrorism and Financial Intelligence ..... . 
Cybersecurity Enhancement Account .. 
Department-wide Systems and Capital Investments 
Programs, . , , , , ................... . Fund 
for America's Kids and Grandkids ................ . 
Office of Inspector General .......... . 
Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration .. 
Special Inspector General for TARP .. . 
Financial Crimes Enforcement Network .... . 
Subtotal, Departmental Offices ... 
Treasury Forfeiture Fund (rescission)... . ....... . 
Treasury Forfeiture Fund (rescission) (temporary) .... . 
Total, Departmental Offices .... 
Bureau of the Fiscal Service ............ . Alcohol and Tobacco 
Tax and Trade Bureau ... . Community Development 
Financial Institutions Fund 
Program Account. . ........... . 
Total, Department of the Treasury, non-IRS. 
Internal Revenue Service 
Taxpayer Services ... 
Enforcement ..... 
Program Integrity. 
Subtotal ...... . 
Operations Support ..... 
Program Integrity., .. , 
Subtotal .. 
Business Systems Modernization ..... . General 
provision (sec. 113) ...... . 
Total, Internal Revenue Service. 
Total, title I, Department 
Appropriations. 
Rescissions. 
(Mandatory) .... . 
(Discretionary) .. . of the Treasury ..... . FY 2018 
Enacted 
201 '751 
141 '778 
24,000 
4,426 
37,044 
169,634 
34,000 
115.003 
-------------
727,636 
-702,000 
-------------
25,636 
338,280 
111 '439 
250,000 
-----------
725,355 
2,506,554 
4,860,000 
4,860,000 
3,634,000 
3,634,000 
110,000 
320,000 
11,430,554 
12,155,909 
(12.857,909) 
(-702,000) 
(12, 155,909) FY 2019 
Request 
201,751 
159,000 
25,208 
4,000 
36,000 
161 '113 
17,500 
117' 800 
-------------
722,372 
-------------
722,372 
330,837 
114,427 
14,000 ------------
1,181,636 
2,241,000 
4,628,000 
204,643 
4,832,643 
4' 155' 796 
156,928 
4,312,724 
110,000 
11,496,367 
12,678,003 
(12,316,432) 
(12,678,003) Bill 
208,751 
161 '000 
25,208 
8,000 
585,000 
37,044 
170,834 
28,800 
117,800 
-------------
1,342,437 
-------------
1,342,437 
338,280 
123,527 
216,000 -------------
2,020,244 
2,491,554 
4,860,000 
4,860,000 
3,988,000 
3,988,000 
200,000 
77,000 
11,616,554 13,636,798 
(13,636.798) 
(13,636,798) Bill vs. 
Enacted 
+7,000 
+19,222 
+1 ,208 
+3,574 
+585,000 
+1 ,200 
-5,200 
+2,797 
-------------
+614,801 
+702,000 
--------
+1 ,316,801 
+12,088 
-34,000 ------------
+1 ,294,889 
-15,000 
+354,000 +354,000 +90,000 
-243,000 
+186,000 
+1 ,480,889 
(+778.889) 
(+702,000) 
(+1 ,480,889) Bill vs. 
Request 
+7,000 
+2,000 
+4,000 
+585,000 
+1 '044 
+9,721 
+11 '300 
-------------
+620,065 
------------
+620,065 
+7,443 +9' 
100 +202,000 
+838,608 +250,554 
+232,000 
-204,643 
+27,357 
-167,796 -156,928 -324,724 
+90,000 
+77' 000 +120,187 
+958,795 { 
+1 '320' 366) (+958,795) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6372 July 17, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.113 H17JYPT1
Insert offset folio 27 here EH170718.027lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION B -FINANCIAL SERVICES AND GENERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 (H.R. 6147) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
TITLE II -EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT AND FUNDS 
APPROPRIATED TO THE PRESIDENT 
The White House 
Salaries and Expenses ... 
Executive Residence at the White House: 
Operating Expenses. . ....... . White House 
Repair and Restoration ... . 
Subtotal ....... . 
Council of Economic Advisers ............ . 
National Security Council and Homeland Security 
Counci 1 .. 
Office of Administration ... 
Total, The White House .. 
Office of Management and Budget ..... . 
Office of National Drug Control Policy 
Salaries and Expenses..... . ................ . High 
Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas Program .. 
Other Federal Drug Control Programs.. . ....... . 
Total. Office of National Drug Control Policy. 
Unanticipated Needs ..................... . 
Information Technology Oversight and Reform .. 
Special Assistance to the President and Official 
Residence of the Vice President: 
Salaries and Expenses. . ........ . 
Operating Expenses............ . ........ . 
Subtotal . FY 2018 
Enacted 
55,000 
12.917 
750 -------------
13,667 
4,187 
11 ,800 
100,000 
184,654 
101 ,000 
18,400 
280,000 
117,093 -------------
415,493 
798 
19,000 
4,288 
302 
4,590 -FY 2019 
Request 
55,000 
13,081 750 
----~-
13,831 
4,187 
13.500 
100,000 ---------
186,518 
103,000 
17,400 
11,843 -------------
29,243 
1,000 
25,000 
4,288 
302 
4,590 Bill 
55,000 
13' 081 
750 
-------
13' 831 
4,187 
13,000 
100,000 
186,018 103,000 
17' 400 
280,000 
118,327 
415,727 
1 '000 
15.000 
4,288 
302 
4,590 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
+164 
---~-----~--
+164 +1. 
200 
--------
+1 '364 
+2,000 
-1 '000 
+1. 234 --------
+234 
+202 
-4,000 Bill vs. 
Request 
-------------
500 500 
+280,000 +106,484 
---------
+386,484 
-10,000 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= 
Total, title II, Executive Office of the 
President and Funds Appropriated to the 
President. 
TITLE III -THE JUDICIARY 
Supreme Court of the United States 
Salaries and Expenses: 
Salaries of Justices. 
Other salaries and expenses .......... . 
Subtotal ............. . 
Care of the Building and Grounds. 
Total, Supreme Court of the United States ..... 725,535 
3,000 
82,028 
-------------
85,028 
16' 153 
-------------
101 '181 349,351 725,335 -200 +375,984 
3,000 3,000 
84,359 84,703 +2,675 +344 
------------- ------------- ------------- -------------
87,359 87,703 +2,675 +344 
15,999 15,999 -154 
------------- ------------- --------------------------
103,358 103,702 +2,521 +344 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6373 July 17, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.113 H17JYPT1
Insert offset folio 28 here EH170718.028lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION B -FINANCIAL SERVICES AND GENERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 (H.R. 6147) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit 
Salaries and Expenses: 
Salaries of judges ......... ,.,,.,,,, 
Other salaries and expenses., .. ,,,,,,,.,. 
Total, United States Court of Appeals for the 
Federal Circuit.. . ..... , . . . ... , , . , .. 
United States Court of International Trade 
Salaries and Expenses: 
Salaries of judges. 
Other salaries and expenses .... ,.,.,, .. ,, .. ,,,, ... 
Total, U.S. Court of International Trade. 
Courts of Appeals, District Courts, and Other Judicial 
Services 
Salaries and Expenses: 
Salaries of judges and bankruptcy judges. , ... , ... , 
Other salaries and expenses. .. ..... .. 
Subtotal ..... . 
Vaccine Injury Compensation Trust Fund .. ,.,, ... 
Defender Services ....... ,, ..... , .. 
Fees of Jurors and Commissioners .. 
Court Security..... . ............ . 
Total, Courts of Appeals, District Courts, and 
Other Judicial Services. . ... , ...... . 
Administrative Office of the United States Courts 
Salaries and Expenses ... 
Federal Judicial Center 
Salaries and Expenses .. 
United States Sentencing Commission 
Salaries and Expenses. 
Total, title III, the Judiciary ..... ,,, ...... . (Mandatory) ........ . 
(Discretionary) ............. . FY 2018 
Enacted 
3,000 
31 '291 34,291 
1,000 
18,889 
~--~~--------
19,889 
435,000 
5,099,061 5,534,061 
8,230 
1,078,713 
50,944 
586,999 
-------------
7,258,947 
90,423 
29,265 
18,699 
============= 
7,552,695 
(442,000) 
( 7' 11 0' 695) FY 2019 
Request 
4,000 
31,274 
35' 274 
2,000 
19,070 -------------
21,070 
429,000 
5' 132' 543 
5,561,543 
8, 475 
1,141,489 
51' 233 
602,309 
-------------
7,365,049 
89,867 
29,064 
18,548 
============= 
7,662,230 
(438,000) 
(7,224,230) Bi 11 
4,000 
32,016 
36,016 
2,000 
19,450 
-------------
21 '450 
429,000 
5,167,961 
5,596,961 
8,475 
1 '142' 427 
49,750 
604,460 
-------------
7,402,073 
92,413 
29,819 
18,548 
============= 
7,704,021 
(438,000) 
(7,266,021) Bill vs. 
Enacted 
+1 ,000 
+725 
+1 '725 
+1 ,000 
+561 -------------
+1 '561 
-6,000 
+68,900 +62,900 
+245 +63,714 
-1 '194 
+17' 461 
-------------
+143, 126 
+1 ,990 
+554 
-151 
============= 
+151,326 
(-4,000) 
(+155,326) Bill VS. 
Request 
+742 +742 
+380 -------------
+380 
+35,418 +35,418 
+938 
-1 '483 +2' 
151 -------------
+37,024 
+2,546 +755 
============= 
+41 ,791 
(+41 '791) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6374 July 17, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.113 H17JYPT1
Insert offset folio 29 here EH170718.029lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION B -FINANCIAL SERVICES AND GENERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 (H.R. 6147) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
TITLE IV -DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA 
Federal Payment for Resident Tuition Support .. 
Federal Payment for Emergency Planning and Security 
Costs in the District of Columbia .. , 
Federal Payment to the District of Columbia Courts.,,, 
Federal Payment for Defender Services in District of 
Columbia Courts. , . ' .. '.' .. . .. '.'.'' 
Federal Payment to the Court Services and Offender 
Supervision Agency for the District of Columbia ... 
Federal Payment to the District of Columbia Public 
Defender Service. . ' . . ' . ' . . 
Federal Payment to the Criminal Justice Coordinating 
Co unci 1 .. . . . . . ' . . . . 
Federal Payment for Judicial Commissions .... 
Federal Payment for School Improvement ........... 
Federal Payment for the D.C. National Guard ...... 
Federal Payment for Testing and Treatment of HIV/AIDS. 
Federal Payment to the District of Columbia Water and 
Sewer Authority, . '''' .. ' .. ' .. ...... ''''.'. 
Total, Title IV, District of Columbia .......... . FY 2018 
Enacted 
40,000 
13,000 
265,400 
49,890 
244,298 
41 '829 
2,000 
565 
45,000 
435 
5,000 
14,000 
============= 
721,417 FY 2019 
Request 
12,000 
244,939 
46,005 
256,724 
45,858 
1 '900 
565 
45,000 
435 
5,000 
============= 
658,426 Bill vs. 
Bill Enacted 
30,000 -10,000 
13,000 
288,280 +22,880 
49,890 
256,724 +12,426 
45,858 +4,029 
2.000 
565 
45,000 
435 
5,000 
-14,000 
============= ============= 
736,752 +15,335 Bill vs. 
Request 
+30,000 
+1 ,000 
+43,341 +3,885 
+100 
============= 
+78,326 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6375 July 17, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.113 H17JYPT1
Insert offset folio 30 here EH170718.030lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION B -FINANCIAL SERVICES AND GENERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 (H.R. 6147) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
TITLE V OTHER INDEPENDENT AGENCIES 
Administrative Conference of the United States .. , ... ,, 
Consumer Product Safety Commission .. , .. . 
Election Assistance Commission .......... . 
Election Reform Program .. 
Federal Communications Commission 
Salaries and Expenses ....... , .. . 
Offsetting fee collections. 
Direct appropriation. 
General provision (sec. 511) ......................... . 
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 
Office of Inspector General (by transfer) ..... . 
Deposit Insurance Fund (transfer).,,,.,, ....... , .. . 
Federal Election Commission .. 
Federal Labor Relations Authority ..... . 
Federal Trade Commission 
Salaries and Expenses.. . .... , . , ............ . 
Offsetting fee cell actions (mergers) .. . 
Offsetting fee collections (telephone) 
Direct appropriation .......... ,,, ..... , ... , ...... , General 
Services Administration 
Federal Buildings Fund 
Limitations on Availability of Revenue: 
Construction and acquisition of facilities .. 
Repairs and alterations .............. . Rental 
of space ...................... . 
Building operations. 
Installment Acquisition Payments .......... . 
Subtotal, Limitations on Availability of 
Revenue. . . . . . .............. . Rental income 
to fund .. 
Total, Federal Buildings Fund 
Government-wide Policy. 
Operating Expenses ................ . 
Civilian Board of Contract Appeals 
Office of Inspector General .. 
Allowances and Office Staff for Former 
Federal Citizen Services Fund. Technology 
Modernization Fund. Presidents. 
Asset Proceeds and Space Management Fund. . . ........ . Environmental Review Improvement 
Fund ............. ,.,, 
GSA-President's Management Council Workforce Fund,,, 
Total, General Services Administration ..... 
Harry S Truman Scholarship Foundation .............. ,,, 
Merit Systems Protection Board 
Salaries and Expenses ............ ,,., .. 
Limitation on administrative expenses .. 
Total, Merit Systems Protection Board. FY 2018 
Enacted 
3' 100 
126,000 
10,100 
380,000 322,035 
-322,035 
-------------
600,000 
(39, 136) 
(-39' 136) 
71 '250 
26,200 
306,317 
-126,000 
16,000 
-------- ----
164,317 
692,069 
666,335 
5 '493 ,768 
2,221,766 
-------------
9,073,938 
-9,950,519 
-876,581 
53,499 
45,645 
8,795 
65,000 
4' 754 
50,000 
100,000 
5,000 
1 ,000 
-542,888 
1 ,000 
44,490 
2,345 
46,835 FY 2019 
Request 
3,100 
123,450 
9,200 
333,118 
-333,118 
-------------
(42,982) 
(-42,982) 
71 '250 
26,200 
309,700 
136,000 
17,000 
-------------
156,700 
1,338,387 
909,746 
5,430,345 
2' 253,195 
200,000 -------------
10,131,673 
-1 0 ' 131 '673 
65,835 
49,440 
9,301 
67,000 
4,796 
58,400 
210,000 
31,000 
6,070 
50,000 
551,842 
42' 145 
2,345 
44,490 Bi 11 
3' 100 
127,000 
10' 100 
335' 118 
-335,118 
-------------
(42,982) 
(-42,982) 
71,250 
26,200 
311,700 
-136,000 
-17' 000 ----------~-
158,700 
275,900 
679,934 
5,430,345 
2,248,395 
-------------
8,634,574 
-10,131,673 
-1 '497' 099 
60,000 
49,440 
9,301 
67,000 
4,796 
55,000 
150,000 
31,000 
6,070 
----------
-1,064,492 
1,000 
44,490 
2,345 
46,835 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
+1 ,000 
-380,000 
+13,083 
-13,083 
-------------
-600,000 
(+3,846) 
(-3,846) 
+5,383 
-10,000 
-1 '000 -------------
-5 '617 
-416' 169 
+13,599 
-63,423 
+26,629 
-------------
-439,364 
-181,154 -------------
-620,518 
+6,501 
+3,795 
+506 
+2,000 
+42 
+5,000 
+50,000 +26,000 
+5,070 
------
-521 '604 Bill vs. 
Request 
+3,550 
+900 
+2,000 
-2,000 
-------------
+2,000 
-------------
+2,000 
-1 '062' 487 
-229,812 
-4,800 
-200,000 
-1,497,099 
1,497,099 
-5,835 
-3,400 
-60,000 -50.000 
1,616,334 
+1,000 
+2,345 
+2,345 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6376 July 17, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.113 H17JYPT1
Insert offset folio 31 here EH170718.031lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION B -FINANCIAL SERVICES AND GENERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 (H.R. 6147) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
Morris K. Udall and Stewart L Udall Foundation 
Morris K. Udall and Stewart L. Udall Trust Fund 
Environmental Dispute Resolution Fund .. 
Total, Morris K. Udall and Stewart L Udall 
Foundation. . .......... . 
National Archives and Records Administration 
Operating Expenses ........ . 
Reduction of debt .... . 
Subtotal .......................... . 
Office of Inspector General ............. . 
Repairs and Restoration. 
National Historical Publications and Records Commission 
Grants Program. 
Total, National Archives and Records 
Administration.. . ........... . 
NCUA Community Development Revolving Loan Fund ....... . 
Office of Government Ethics .......... . 
Office of Personnel Management 
Salaries and Expenses ........ . 
Limitation on administrative expenses ... 
Subtotal, Salaries and Expenses ............ . 
Office of Inspector General ..................... . 
Limitation on administrative expenses ..... . 
Subtotal, Office of Inspector General. 
Total, Office of Personnel Management. FY 2018 
Enacted 
1 '975 
3,366 
5,341 384,911 
-25,050 
-------------
359 '861 
4,801 
7,500 6,000 
378,162 
2,000 
16,439 
129' 341 
131 '414 -------------
260,755 
5,000 
25,000 
-------------
30,000 
-------------
290,755 FY 2019 
Request 
1 '875 
3,200 
5,075 
365,105 
-27,224 
-------------
337,881 4,241 
7,500 
349,622 
16,294 
132,172 133,483 
-------------
265,655 
5,000 
25,265 
-------------
30,265 
-------------
295,920 Bi 11 
372,400 
-27,224 
-------------
345' 176 
4,823 
7,500 
6,000 
363,499 
2,000 
17,019 
132,172 133,483 
-------------
265,655 
5,000 
25,265 
-------------
30,265 
-------------
295,920 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
1 '975 
-3,366 
-5,341 
-12,511 
-2' 174 
-------------
-14,685 
+22 
-14,663 
+580 
+2,831 
+2,069 
-------------
+4,900 
+265 
-------------
+265 
-------------
+5, 165 Bill VS. 
Request 
1,875 
-3,200 
-5,075 
+7,295 
+7,295 +582 
+6,000 
+13,877 
+2,000 
+725 
-------------
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6377 July 17, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.113 H17JYPT1
Insert offset folio 32 here EH170718.032lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION B -FINANCIAL SERVICES AND GENERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 (H.R. 6147) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Office of Special Counsel.. . ................... . 
Postal Regulatory Commission ...................... . 
Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board .. 
Public Buildings Reform Board .......... . 
Securities and Exchange Commission 
Salaries and Expenses. 
SEC NYC Regional Office. 
Headquarters Lease .... 
Subtotal, Securities and Exchange Commission. 
SEC fees .. 
SEC Reserve Fund ( rescission) ...... . 
Selective Service System .................. .. 
Small Business Administration 
Salaries and expenses.. . ....... . 
Entrepreneurial Development Programs ...... ,., .. 
Office of Inspector General. 
Office of Advocacy ............. . 
Business Loans Program Account: 
Direct loans subsidy ............... . Guaranteed 
Loan Subsidy. . ....... . 
Administrative expenses ....... . 
Total, Business loans program account. 
Disaster Loans Program Account: 
Administrative expenses. 
Disaster relief category .. 
Total, Small Business Administration ......... . 
General provision (rescission) (sec. 531) ..... 
United States Postal Service 
Payment to the Postal Service Fund ... 
Office of Inspector General .. 
Total, United States Postal Service .... 
United States Tax Court ......................... . FY 2018 
Enacted 
26,535 
15' 200 
8,000 
5,000 
1,652,000 
244,507 
--~-- M-~~-~-
1,896,507 
-1 '896 '507 
22,900 
268,500 247,100 
19,900 
9' 120 
3,438 
152 '782 
156,220 
700,840 
58' 118 
245,000 
303,118 
50,740 FY 2019 
Request 
26,252 
15' 100 
5,000 
2,000 
1,658,302 
40,750 
-~- ~ ----
1,699,052 
1,699,052 
-25,000 
26,400 
265,000 
192,450 
21,900 
9,120 
4,000 
-155,150 
155,150 
4,000 
186.458 
678,928 
55,235 
234,650 
289,885 
55' 563 Bill 
26,252 
15,200 
5,000 
2,000 
1,658,302 
37' 189 
-... -... --------
1,695,491 
1,695,491 
26,000 
268,500 251,900 
21,900 
9' 120 
4,000 
155' 150 
159' 150 
31,308 
741,878 
58' 118 
250,000 
308,118 
51,515 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
-283 
-3,000 -3,000 
+6,302 
+37,189 
-244,507 ___________ ..... 
-201,016 
+201 '016 
+3 ,100 
+4,800 
+2,000 
+562 
+2,368 
+2,930 
+31. 308 
+41 ,038 
+5,000 
+5,000 
+775 Bill vs. Request 
+100 
-3,561 
-------------
-3,561 
+3,561 
+25,000 
-400 
+3,500 
+59,450 
+155, 150 
+155,150 
-155' 150 
+62,950 
+2,883 
+15,350 
+18,233 
-4,048 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= 
Total , title V, Independent Agencies. .. ''' '.' 2,710,944 2,727,271 1,234,094 -1,476,850 -1,493,177 
Appropriations .. '.'.'.''' {2,710,944) (2,752,271) { 1 '234' 094) ( -1 '4 76' 850} (-1,518,177) 
Rescissions. (-25,000) (+25,000) 
(by transfer) ... (39, 136) (42,982) (42,982) (+3,846) 
(Discretionary) ...... ' .. '. ''.'.' .. ' .. ' (2.710,944) (2,727,271) ( 1 '234' 094) (-1 ,476,850) ( -1 '493' 177) 
;;;;;::::::========= ============= ============= =======:=:;;;==== ============= 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6378 July 17, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.113 H17JYPT1
Insert offset folio 33 here EH170718.033lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION B -FINANCIAL SERVICES ANO GENERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 (H.R. 6147) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
TITLE VI -GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Mandatory appropriations (sec. 619) ... , .. , ... 
PCA Oversight Board scholarships (sec. 620) 
SBA 503 Unobligated balances (sec. 620) ..... 
Government-wide transfers (sec. 737) 
Total, title VI, General Provisions ...... . 
TITLE IX -OTHER MATTERS 
Other matters. 
Total, title IX, Other Matters ... 
OTHER APPROPRIATIONS 
SUPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIATIONS FOR DISASTER RELIEF 
REQUIREMENTS (P.L. 115-56) 
SBA, Disaster Loans Progam Account ....... , ........... . 
Total, Supplemental Appropriations for Disaster 
Relief Requirements (P.L. 115-56) ............ . 
BIPARTISAN BUDGET ACT OF 2018 (P.L. 115-123) 
GSA, Federal Buildings Fund (emergency). . .......... . 
SBA, Office of Inspector General (emergency) ..... ,, .. . 
SBA, Disaster Loans Program Account (emergency).,,,.,. 
Total, Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 (P.L. 
115-123) .... 
Total, Other Appropriations ............. , .. . (emergency) . Grand 
total ... 
Appropriations ...... . 
Rescissions ... 
Emergency. (by 
transfer). 
Discretionary total (non-emergency) .................. . FY 2018 
Enacted 
21,800,000 
1 '000 
-2,600 FY 2019 
Request 
21,818,000 
-50,000 
3,000,000 Bill 
21,818,000 
-50,000 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
+18,000 
-1,000 
-47,400 Bill vs. 
Request 
-3,000,000 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= 
21,798,400 24,768,000 21 ,768' 000 -30,400 -3,000,000 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= 
-126,000 -126,000 126,000 
============= ===========~~ ============= ============= ============= 
-126,000 -126,000 -126,000 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= 
450,000 -450,000 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= 
450,000 -450,000 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= 
126 '951 
7,000 
1,652,000 
1,785,951 
============= 
2,235,951 2,235,951 
============= 
47,900,851 
(46,369,500) 
(-704,600) 
(2,235,951) 
(39' 136) 
23,422,900 ============= 
============= 
48,843,281 
(48,556,710) 
(-75,000) 
(42,982) 
26,587,281 -126,951 
-7,000 
-1,652,000 
-1,785,951 
============= ============= ============= 
-2,235,951 -2,235,951 
============= ============= ============== 
45,679,000 -2,221,851 -3.164,281 
(45,729,000) (-640,500) (-2,827,710) 
(-50,000) (+654,600) (+25,000) 
(-2,235,951) 
(42,982) (+3,846) 
23,423,000 +100 -3,164.281 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6379 July 17, 2018 
Mrs. LOWEY. Madam Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I rise in strong opposition to the In-terior, Environment, and Financial Services, and General Government minibus, that fails the American peo-ple by slashing environmental protec-tion, rolling back consumer protec-tions, and even cutting basic election security funding. With bills this bad, it is no wonder Republicans have abandoned all pre-tense of regular order, grouped two un-related appropriations bills together, and blocked numerous Democratic amendments. These bills are the product of Repub-licans’ misguided priorities. Instead of using the $18 billion increase in non-defense discretionary spending to cre-ate jobs and grow our economy, Repub-licans have chosen to waste those re-sources on an unnecessary border wall and cruel attacks on immigrant fami-lies. We must do better. As much as it pains me to say, we should be following the Senate and producing bipartisan bills instead of wasting time on playing political games and taking show votes to appease the right wing of the Repub-lican Conference. Turning to the substance of the bills before us, it is absolutely outrageous that they would: Cut the Environ-mental Protection Agency by $100 mil-lion; slash clean water infrastructure grants by $300 million; sink $585 mil-lion into a black hole that is dressed up with a fancy name, the Fund for Amer-ica’s Kids and Grandkids, which is a ploy to not spend the entire financial services allocation; reduce investments in underserved communities through the Community Development Finan-cial Institutions program by $34 mil-lion; and provide inadequate funding for small business loan programs and for investments that curb the opioid crisis. However, the bill’s worst cut is the zeroing out of election security grants. On Friday, Special Counsel Robert Mueller indicted 12 Russian intel-ligence officers for their interference in the 2016 presidential election. The in-dictment describes, in great detail, the efforts Russia took to break into State election databases. We have all heard the public warn-ings of our intelligence community that Russia will attempt to attack our democracy again. Yet, instead of help-ing States protect and fortify their election infrastructure from cyber hacking, this bill would eliminate elec-tion security grants entirely. Additionally, numerous harmful pol-icy riders strike at the heart of laws and rules that protect the air we breathe and the water we drink, threaten the survival of endangered species, attack a woman’s right to choose, undermine democracy in the District of Columbia, and repeal impor-tant Dodd-Frank consumer protec-tions. These bills represent a divisive, par-tisan approach that threatens to leave American communities more polluted and American families more vulnerable to financial predators. We must do bet-ter. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no,’’ and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Madam Chair, I yield 5 minutes to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. C
ALVERT ), the chairman of the Interior, Environ-ment, and Related Agencies Sub-committee on Appropriations. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chairman, it is my distinct honor to bring to the House floor the fiscal year 2019 Inte-rior, Environment, and Related Agen-cies Appropriations bill. Before I go into details about the bill, I would like to commend Chair-man F
RELINGHUYSEN for his leadership and support throughout this process. As reported by the Appropriations Committee, the fiscal year 2019 Interior and Environment bill is funded at $35.252 billion, which is equal to the FY18 enacted level. We have made sin-cere efforts to prioritize critical needs within our subcommittee allocation and in reviewing more than 5,200 indi-vidual requests. In the interest of time, I won’t out-line all the problems or programs and activities funded in this bill. I would like to point out a few highlights. The bill provides robust wildland fire funding totaling $3.9 billion. It fully funds the 10-year average for wildland fire suppression costs and provides an additional $500 million in suppression funds for the Forest Service. The com-mittee has also provided a $30 million increase over fiscal year 2018 for haz-ardous fuel reduction. The bill provides $500 million in fis-cal year 2019 for the Payments in Lieu of Taxes, PILT program, which is a top priority for many Members on both sides of the aisle. The bill also makes critical invest-ments in Indian Country, a top priority of this committee. This legislation honors our commitment to Native Americans with a particular emphasis on Indian health, law enforcement, education, and water settlements. The bill fully funds contract support costs and Tribal grant school support costs; provides funding to staff newly constructed health facilities; improves public safety; significantly increases economic development; invests an ad-ditional $16 million in fiscal year 2019 to address needs of schools throughout the BIE system; and invests an addi-tional $82 million to correct funding disparities across the Indian Healthcare System. Overall, funding to EPA has been re-duced by $100 million from fiscal year 2018, with reductions aimed at research and regulatory programs. Members from the Midwest will be pleased to know that the Great Lakes Restora-tion Initiative is maintained at the fis-cal year 2018 enacted level of $300 mil-lion. The bill continues to invest in water infrastructure and cleaning up con-taminated land. These programs help create jobs and spur economic develop-ment in communities all across the Na-tion. The bill provides funds to lever-age over $10 billion worth of invest-ment in water infrastructure through the funding in the WIFIA program and the Clean Water and Drinking Water State Revolving Loan Funds. The bill also provides $3.2 billion for the National Park Service. It main-tains, and builds upon, critical invest-ments made in the fiscal year 2018 en-acted bill to address longstanding park operations and deferred maintenance needs. We have also attempted to address a number of concerns within the Fish and Wildlife Service accounts. The bill restores popular grant programs through fiscal year 2018 enacted levels. It also restores funds to combat inter-national wildlife trafficking; protects fish hatcheries from cuts and closures; and continues funding to fight invasive mussels and Asian carp; and reduces the backlog of species that are recov-ered but not yet de-listed. We have also increased funds for the Recovery Chal-lenge program, which we started in 2018 to challenge non-Federal partners to a more active role in recovering endan-gered species. The bill also provides $360 million for Land and Water Conservation pro-grams with bipartisan support. Lastly, this bill makes significant in-vestments toward critical deferred maintenance, construction, and infra-structure needs within the Department of the Interior, Forest Service, Indian Health Service, Smithsonian, as well as critical air and water infrastructure programs within the EPA. In closing, I would like to thank staff on both sides of the aisle who have worked long hours on this legislation. On the minority side, I would like to thank Rita Culp, Jocelyn Hunn, and Rebecca Taylor. On the majority side, I would like to thank Darren Benjamin, Betsy Bina, Jackie Kilroy, Kristin Richmond, Mac Cloyes, and Dave LesStrang from the committee staff, as well as Ian Foley, Rebecca Keightley, Tricia Evans and Dave Kennett from my personal staff. To say the least, this has been a team effort. b1915 Lastly, I would like to thank my good friend and ranking member, B
ETTY MCCOLLUM , for working with me to address a number of critical needs throughout the bill. The CHAIR. The time of the gen-tleman has expired. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Madam Chair, I yield an additional 15 seconds to the gentleman from California. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, while we may disagree on some issues, we are never disagreeable and we continue to work well together. Madam Chair, it is a good bill. I urge its adoption. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.114 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6380 July 17, 2018 
Mrs. LOWEY. Madam Chair, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Min-nesota (Ms. M
CCOLLUM ), the ranking member of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Subcommittee. (Ms. M
CCOLLUM asked and was given permission to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Madam Chair, I would like to thank Ranking Member L
OWEY as well as the full committee chair for their work, but I would like to give a special thanks to Chairman C
ALVERT and his staff, whom he men-tioned by name, and of course my won-derful staff, including my personal staff, for working together using a col-laborative approach to help us move forward. The subcommittee has a challenging portfolio of issues, and I commend the chairman’s efforts to maintain many of the fiscal year 2018 investments, such as addressing the backlog of deferred maintenance on Federal lands and in-vesting in Indian Country. I want to express how sincerely proud I am of this subcommittee’s nonpartisan ap-proach to addressing the issues facing our Native American brothers and sis-ters. I am pleased that the bill rec-ommends an increase of $410 million over the fiscal year 2018 enacted level for programs critical to Indian Coun-try. The health, education, and safety of our Tribal communities is a Federal re-sponsibility that our subcommittee takes very seriously, and that is the one bright spot in this bill; but, unfor-tunately, other important priorities for the American public did not fare as well. Even though the fiscal year 2019 Inte-rior, Environment, and Related Agen-cies Subcommittee allocation is equal to the fiscal year 2018 enacted level, the majority is proposing a $100 million cut from the Environmental Protection Agency, which is just untenable. The cuts in this bill would target air and water quality programs, reduce Federal funding to enforce the law against polluters, and, if enacted, they will undermine the EPA’s ability to keep our families and communities healthy and to protect our environ-ment for future generations. We are at a defining moment in his-tory. The Interior bill has an oppor-tunity to make a global difference in the quality of life for generations to come, but, sadly, this bill is a mirror of the Trump administration’s actions and disregard for the environment. We cannot afford to ignore the over-whelming scientific evidence the plan-et is warming, sea levels are rising, and glaciers are melting. We must do more, not less, to pursue policies and pro-grams that will put us on the right path to conserve and protect our nat-ural resources and the planet we call home. The bill before us also reduces fund-ing for the Land and Water Conserva-tion Fund by $65 million from the fiscal year 2018 enacted level. This program has strong bipartisan support. It con-serves natural areas and provides rec-reational opportunities in all 50 States. The American people expect us to be good stewards of our public lands and wildlife, but this bill falls short on that commitment. In addition to the irresponsible cuts to the EPA, I must express my concern and my disappointment to the 18 par-tisan riders in this bill that pander to special interests at the expense of the public good. These riders undermine clean water and clean air safeguards, jeopardize protection and recovery for vulnerable species, and even intercede in California water issues outside of the jurisdiction of the subcommittee. The Senate has committed to work in a bipartisan manner to keep con-troversial policy riders out of their ap-propriations bills. I agree with that strategy and believe these policy issues should receive a full and transparent debate in the authorizing committees of jurisdiction. Congress must stop holding the government hostage over these ideological policy riders. And, finally, it is impossible to talk about the bill that funds the Environ-mental Protection Agency without ad-dressing the ethical problems that have plagued this administration and were embodied by the former EPA Adminis-trator Scott Pruitt. There is ample evi-dence that the former Administrator was misusing Federal dollars for lavish expenses and prioritizing the interest of corporations over protecting Amer-ica’s families. Mr. Pruitt may be gone from the Agency, but Congress should be doing considerable oversight to en-sure that a culture of transparency and accountability is restored at the EPA. We should also be doing our best to ensure that every agency we fund is not abusing taxpayers’ dollars. So I am deeply disappointed that my Repub-lican colleagues voted down multiple amendments in our committee markup that would have held up our responsi-bility for oversight and adequately funded ongoing investigations. They also denied several more Democratic oversight amendments a chance to come to this floor for debate today. Madam Chair, this bill fails the American people. It cuts environ-mental protections. It removes safe-guards for our air and water and endan-gered species and allows rampant cor-ruption in the executive branch to go unchecked. I know we can do better than this, and it is my hope we will do better after conference. The CHAIR. The time of the gentle-woman has expired. Mrs. LOWEY. Madam Chair, I yield an additional 15 seconds to the gentle-woman from Minnesota. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Madam Chair, I thank Mrs. L
OWEY for yielding. So despite my current opposition, I intend to continue to work with the chairman through this year’s appro-priations process to produce a respon-sible bill that I know we can have both parties support in the end. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Madam Chair, I yield 5 minutes to the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. GRAVES ), the chairman of the Financial Services Subcommittee on Appropriations. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Madam Chair, I rise tonight to fight for Amer-ica’s kids and grandkids. That is what we are here to do. This fiscal year 2019 Financial Serv-ices and General Government Appro-priations bill, as I will explain in a mo-ment, reflects the public outcry over deficit spending and addresses those concerns on behalf of America’s kids and grandkids. Madam Chair, before I dive into those details, I want to thank Ranking Mem-ber Q
UIGLEY for his hard work and dedi-cation to our work together as we have shepherded this committee through the process in this bill. I want to mention a few of the bill’s highlights. This bill is a product of a very Mem-ber-driven process. We brought appro-priators and authorizers together. We consulted other committees. We fos-tered personal Member-to-Member con-versations to make sure that priorities in this bill were vetted and supported across jurisdictions. We held several public hearings and reviewed over 2,100 unique Member requests as we put this bill together. As the bill passed out of this Appro-priations Committee, it passed with bi-partisan support. What more can you do on behalf of America’s kids and grandkids? As in past years, we aimed to provide the oversight and allocate taxpayer dollars with the greatest of care. This bill includes resources to imple-ment the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which cuts taxes for families and businesses all across our country, spurring eco-nomic growth. The funding in our bill will help implement the law very quickly so American families can use the system without disruption whatso-ever. In addition, this bill prioritizes law enforcement, homeland security, and cybersecurity. For example, it provides record funding for the High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas and Drug-Free Communities programs. It updates the legacy IT systems that are governmentwide—we have all seen it and we have heard about it—through the Technology Modernization Fund. Similar to our landmark approach last year, this bill also includes major financial reforms. It cuts regulations, streamlines agency processes. In fact, this bill includes more than 20 pieces of legislation that have passed through this body with bipartisan support, in most cases with more than 270 votes. Now, importantly, one of these re-forms brings transparency and over-sight to an agency we have all talked about, and that is to the Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Bureau, by bringing it under the authority of Congress and under the authority of the Appropria-tions Committee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.116 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6381 July 17, 2018 
Now, with these kinds of reforms, this bill has earned a lot of support across our country. From the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the Investment Company Institute, the American Bankers Association, Independent Community Bankers of America, Na-tional Association of Federally-Insured Credit Unions, and Credit Union Na-tional Association, in addition to the National Taxpayers Union and Citizens for Responsible Budgeting, this bill is bringing together a lot of different in-terests all across our country. In closing, Madam Chair, I would like to highlight, really, what the heart of this bill is, the major feature of this bill. If your district is anything like mine, you know the American people are frustrated. They are frustrated with Congress, and they are frustrated with this out-of-control spending. They see our annual deficits fuel our dangerous national debt. So it is time to try something different, and that is what we have done, because if we don’t, we will stay stuck in this fiscal death spi-ral that we are in. Now, after a lot of thought and ef-fort, we came up with a very creative way to protect funding from being spent. The appropriations process does not make saving money easy, not at all. We all know that if a sub-committee such as mine doesn’t spend everything, another subcommittee will come in and scoop it up and spend it somewhere else. This is just the way legislating is in Washington. So we came up with something dif-ferent, and we created a new fund in this bill called the Fund for America’s Kids and Grandkids, which safeguards funds for America’s future generations. In fact, it is like a savings account. We put $585 million from this bill as an initial deposit into the savings ac-count, and this money is protected. It cannot be spent until Treasury indi-cates that we have balanced our budget or we have a surplus. Now, this deposit is only 2.5 percent. It is 2.5 percent of what we were allo-cated. That is 2
1⁄2pennies of every dol-lar that we spend. But this is a great step forward, and it is on behalf of America’s kids and grandkids. This approach causes us to think about what deficit spending truly means and in whose name we are bor-rowing the money and who ultimately is going to get stuck with this debt. Establishing the Fund for America’s Kids and Grandkids means we are ap-propriating with a new spirit here in Washington, D.C., and that is just be-cause you can spend it doesn’t mean you have to. Mrs. LOWEY. Madam Chair, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Q
UIGLEY ), the ranking member of the Financial Services Subcommittee. Mr. QUIGLEY. Madam Chair, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Madam Chair, I first want to thank Chairman G
RAVES , whom I had the privilege of working with for a second year in managing this bill. Our discus-sions have been both passionate and productive, and I thank him for always allowing for vigorous debate through-out the process. And, of course, I would again like to thank the staff on both sides for their work behind the scenes that went into preparing this bill for floor consider-ation. In particular, I would like to recognize and thank committee staff on the minority side, Lisa, Chris, An-gela, Martha, as well as Doug from my personal office. But with that said, I continue to strongly oppose the bill before us today. Given its flat allocation of $23.4 bil-lion, this bill does not adequately meet the growing needs of our small busi-nesses, taxpayers, and middle class consumers and investors. To be fair, I do want to acknowledge how pleased I was to see increased funding for the Office of Terrorism and Financial Intelligence, Federal De-fender Services, and the Small Busi-ness Administration, three very dif-ferent priorities, each critical in its own right; but this does not negate the cuts suffered by some of our most im-portant agencies tasked with missions ranging from policing Wall Street to supporting investment in our most un-derserved communities. After losing over a billion dollars in funding and 18,000 staff between 2010 and 2017, my friends in the majority have reversed course and have begun providing the IRS with additional funds to implement their new law, yet taxpayer service is cut by $15 million. GSA’s funding for new construction is cut by over $400 million, and funds for major and basic repairs and alterations come in at $194 million below the re-quested amount. The SEC, which is tasked with pro-tecting investors and ensuring fairness in our capital markets, is cut by over $200 million, even though the Commis-sion’s budget is financed by industry fees. The CDFI Fund, after receiving in-creased funding of $250 million in fiscal year 2018, was inexplicably cut by $59 million in the original draft. With an additional $25 million for CDFI ap-proved in committee, it is still not enough. Failing to fully fund the pro-gram means fewer resources to spur economic growth and revitalization in our most underserved communities. In addition to these cuts, the bill contains a long list of partisan riders, both old and new, blocking the IRS from enforcing the Johnson amend-ment and restricting the SEC from re-quiring companies to disclose political contributions. It would interfere in the local affairs of D.C. in an infinite num-ber of ways, which simply must stop. b1930 Let’s talk about the business at hand. I was heartened to see Repub-licans speak out against the Presi-dent’s performance in Helsinki. The re-action to the President not under-standing the full breadth and width of the Russian attack on our democratic process was extraordinary. The Rus-sians attacked us. They will be back. Most likely, they probably never left. But those tweets are one thing. You have to put your dollars and your votes where your tweets are. After providing the States with $380 million in grants to help fortify and protect election systems from cyber hacking, this bill zeroes out that fund for 2019. I have made this argument time and again, but it is worth repeat-ing that the $380 million that has been allocated is a step in the right direc-tion, but it is only a down payment. For a majority of the 13 States that still use voting machines with no paper trail, at most, the funds they receive only cover half the replacement costs. Forty States use old equipment, which cannot handle modern anti-cyber hack-ing software. The entity that manages these grants, EAC, has announced that every State has requested funding, showing overwhelming demand for these re-sources. That is why I offered an amendment in the committee markup to restore funding for the program. Un-fortunately, it failed in a party-line vote. Let me emphasize, again: We must do more to protect our democratic process from those who wish us harm, not just for the upcoming midterms, but for 2020 and beyond. Most States maxed out the amount of money they could request from this program. Obviously, many other States, I suspect, would be a little more enthusiastic if the President didn’t tell them this was a witch hunt or a hoax. So there is much more we can do to-ward that end. Let’s remind ourselves of the last time we had an election de-bacle of this magnitude: Bush-Gore. This government spent $3.4 billion. Why? Because we treasure the demo-cratic process. We want every vote to count, and we certainly don’t want a foreign adversary to be able to detract from that. The CHAIR. The time of the gen-tleman has expired. Mrs. LOWEY. Madam Chair, I yield an additional 15 seconds to the gen-tleman from Illinois. Mr. QUIGLEY. Madam Chair, I just ask my colleagues, let us join together. There was never a more important time to treasure our democracy and fund the programs that protect them. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Madam Chair, I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. JENKINS ), a member of the com-mittee. Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Madam Chair, I thank the chairman for yielding me the time. I rise in full support of H.R. 6147 and commend Chairman C
ALVERT on this much-needed legislation. Back in 1977, Congress established the Abandoned Mine Lands program to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.117 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6382 July 17, 2018 
use coal production revenues to fund critical reclamation efforts. Roll for-ward about 30 or 40 years, and I want to highlight one important part of the funding bill that is before us that will truly make a difference in many hard- hit coal States, including my home State of West Virginia. A new AML pilot program is in this legislation. Back in 2016, and thanks to the leadership of Chairman Hal Rogers and Chairman C
ALVERT , we worked on establishing this AML pilot program to use some of these funds to help create job opportunities for displaced workers and help diversify the economy. In the last 2 years, the AML pilot program has brought $80 million to West Virginia, bolstering our economy and creating new jobs. These funds are being put to good use and play a proactive role in diversifying our State’s economy, and many other States’. AML pilot funds, for example, are being used to support the Hatfield- McCoy Trail System, more than 700 miles of world-class ATV trails just in West Virginia. I recently took part in a ride along on one of the trails to see firsthand the economic benefits they have brought to West Virginia. The trails being developed using AML pilot funds will attract thousands of new visitors, bolstering job creation in Ap-palachia and unleashing our tourism potential. These funds are also being used to ex-pand municipal water services, which is critical for businesses and agricul-tural developments, as well as public health. The Coalfield Development Cor-poration, for example, is using AML pilot funds to build an aquaponics farm to grow sustainable commercial quan-tities of fish and vegetables. Simply stated, our towns and coun-ties and States need resources to pro-vide for the future, and this bill does it. It helps us diversify the economies. It helps attract employers and create much-needed jobs, putting West Vir-ginians and Americans back to work. Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mrs. LOWEY. Madam Chair, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ), the distinguished ranking member of the Energy and Water Development, and Related Agencies Subcommittee. Ms. KAPTUR. Madam Chairwoman, I thank Ranking Member L
OWEY for yielding me this time. Unfortunately, I must rise in strong opposition to this bill and its litany of hollow choices and some dangerous choices. First, on election security, a day after President Trump told the whole world he believes Russian President Putin over our intelligence commu-nity, while claiming Russia didn’t hack our 2016 election, this Republican bill provides zero election security grants to help our States prepare against like-ly cyber interference. Congress, as the first branch of gov-ernment, must live up to our constitu-tional obligation. Just months away from our 2018 elections, President Trump essentially green-lit Putin’s on-going attacks. Does this body wish to be complicit as we head toward 2018 and 2020? This bill surely suggests so. Further, this bill attacks clean water access by repealing the waters of the United States rule without any public input regarding a replacement. It puts America’s waters and the health and well-being of the American people at even greater risk, and it is a disservice to our constituents. I strongly oppose the rider that would block the Environmental Protec-tion Agency from addressing waste from animal feeding operations under the Solid Waste Disposal Act. In my watershed, which drains the tristate, binational region of North America into the western end of Lake Erie, the equivalent of 42,500 boxcar loads of ani-mal manure are locally generated every year. That is trainloads of feces over 400 miles long every year seeping into the tributaries to the lake system every year. Additionally, the majority is far too eager to authorize massive corporate giveaways in this appropriations bill. The CHAIR. The time of the gentle-woman has expired. Mrs. LOWEY. Madam Chair, I yield an additional 15 seconds to the gentle-woman from Ohio. Ms. KAPTUR. Madam Chairwoman, their so-called CHOICE Act guts essen-tial safeguards that require banks to plan and prevent the kind of financial catastrophe we saw in 2008. The only people who haven’t been brought to justice are the scoundrels on Wall Street who created the mess. I hope our colleagues will join me in opposing this bill. And let me thank Chairmen FRELINGHUYSEN , GRAVES , and C
ALVERT , as well as Ranking Members L
OWEY , M CCOLLUM , and Q UIGLEY for their efforts on this bill. I know how hard it is to bring an appropriations bill to the floor, and I am sorry I can-not support this one. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Madam Chairwoman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
AL-
VERT ), the chairman of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Subcommittee, for the purpose of a col-loquy. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chairwoman, at this time, I yield to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. L
ANCE ) for the purpose of a colloquy. Mr. LANCE. Madam Chair, I thank Chairman C
ALVERT for his leadership on this legislation and for recognizing the critically important work of clean-ing up Federal Superfund sites across the United States. The remedial program for cleanups will see a $40 million increase in this package, bringing the Superfund total to $1.17 billion. This funding is well spent. One cleanup project in the con-gressional district I serve, the Amer-ican Cyanamid Superfund site in Bridgewater, New Jersey, is a worthy project, indeed. The American Cyanamid site has been a hazard for too long, and the project was placed on the Superfund list in 1983. It is time to have the 44,000 tons of hazardous waste on this site safely and permanently destroyed. This is why we have a Superfund pro-gram and why the work of the Energy and Commerce Committee and the Ap-propriations Committee is so impor-tant. Federal officials and resources with the know-how and expertise have tackled these problems in other parts of the country and now need to focus on Bridgewater and other worthy projects across the Nation. This is a good project. I rise to call attention to its great merits and to thank Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN , Chairman C
ALVERT , the committee, and the EPA for their involvement and support thus far. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I thank the gentleman. I want to thank my colleague from New Jersey for ex-pressing support for the Superfund pro-gram. The Superfund program continues to be a priority of this committee. In the fiscal year 2018 omnibus, we provided a $66 million increase to the program to accelerate cleanup of Superfund sites and respond to the release of hazardous materials. I look forward to working together through the 2019 process to ensure that the Superfund program receives nec-essary funding to clean up and revi-talize our Nation’s toxic sites, like the American Cyanamid site, so that they are returned to productive use. Mrs. LOWEY. Madam Chairwoman, I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Maine (Ms. P
IN-
GREE ), a member of the Appropriations Committee. Ms. PINGREE. Madam Chair, I thank Ranking Member L
OWEY for yielding me the time. Madam Chair, I rise today as a mem-ber of the subcommittee in reluctant opposition to the bill before us. I want to thank the ranking member and the chairman for their hard work on this bill. I know that, in a truly bipartisan fashion, there has been an effort to ad-dress many issues that are important to me and to other Members. For example, I appreciate that the committee has come together to fund a National Endowment for the Arts and the National Endowment for the Hu-manities at strong levels that will help support our local economies and pro-tect important cultural institutions. But the truth of the matter is that we will be voting on numerous amend-ments tonight that will add poison pill riders to the bill. They will gut our en-vironmental protections and act as a straightforward assault on our coun-try’s air, water, and Federal lands. The fact that so many of these harm-ful amendments were made in order by the Rules Committee is a telling state-ment of misplaced priorities. But even 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.122 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6383 July 17, 2018 
more telling are the amendments that were not made in order. None of the amendments to protect our oceans was made in order. Not one of the 10 amendments offered to prevent the devastation of our oceans due to oil and gas drilling off our coasts was made in order. We had Members from both sides of the aisle offering these amendments. We had Members from all across the country offering these amendments, and not one was allowed for full House debate, neither was an amendment I of-fered to push the administration on distributing appropriated funding that it has sat on without reason. This administration created guidance for the Department of the Interior in December of last year, which added an-other layer of bureaucracy and review for already-approved projects. How ironic that a Republican administra-tion would actually be purposefully adding bureaucracy that they so often rail against. This has led to an unconscionable delay in getting funds out to the com-munities in Texas, Florida, the Virgin Islands, and Puerto Rico that have been impacted by natural disasters, as well as other projects not related to hurricane relief. As we enter our second month of the current hurricane season, our Amer-ican citizens have yet to see the full re-lief that they are owed and that this Congress has provided for them. That is because of this administration’s un-necessary delays. Again, I know the work that has gone into the creation of this bill with fund-ing levels from many programs that are vital in my home State of Maine. In Maine, we have a strong apprecia-tion for the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and the United States Geologi-cal Survey. We love estuaries, wildlife refuges, and National parks, like the beloved Acadia National Park in Maine and our new Katahdin Woods and Waters National Monument. This fund-ing is critical, and I am proud to be on the subcommittee that funds all of these national treasures and vital pro-grams. But because my colleagues on the other side of the aisle will spend the next few hours attempting to gut the Clean Air Act, eliminate the EPA methane rule, restrict the Endangered Species Act, zero out funds for diesel emissions reduction, and ban even the discussion of the cost of carbon in our Nation, I will not be able to support this bill. I urge my colleagues to join me in opposition. b1945 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Madam Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. C
ALVERT ), who is the chairman of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Subcommittee, for the purpose of a col-loquy. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I thank the chairman. Madam Chair, I yield to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. RUIZ). Mr. RUIZ. Madam Chair, I want to thank Chairman C
ALVERT along with our friend and neighbor, Congressman C
OOK, on this issue which is, quite frankly, a matter of survival for two communities in my district. I submitted an amendment to this Appropriations bill to ensure the city of Banning and the community of Ban-ning Heights can continue to receive water from a conveyance flume that they have relied on for over 100 years. The water from the flume provides 100 percent of the water for the commu-nity of Banning Heights and approxi-mately 30 percent of the water for the city of Banning. This isn’t a small matter for these communities. In fact, I understand that during times when Banning Heights hadn’t received water from the flume, the city of Banning has had to use temporary means to deliver an emergency supply of water to them. This shouldn’t even be an issue. The two communities have an undisputed water right and a historic right-of-way to maintain the flume that brings the water to the community. The flume was previously used by Southern Cali-fornia Edison under a hydroelectric permit with the Federal Energy Regu-latory Commission. For more than a decade, Edison has been in the process of decommissioning this permit, and the city of Banning and Banning Heights are simply seeking to ensure that the flume can be repaired and maintained and continues to deliver water. Earlier this month, the Forest Serv-ice issued a letter stating that they would require the inclusion of new instream flows as a contingency of the issuance of a special use permit just to allow the city to make repairs to the flume. This requirement would mean that in an average year, the two com-munities would receive no water from the flume on more than 100 days, I re-peat, no water for nearly one-third of the year. Additionally, during periods of drought, the Forest Service estimates that the communities could go more than 50 consecutive days during the summer months without water. This is simply unacceptable. While my amendment will not be de-bated on the floor today, I will con-tinue to work with the Forest Service to resolve this situation in a way that protects the water rights of Banning and Banning Heights and makes sure that any new instream flows do not take away water from communities that need it. Madam Chair, I thank Chairman C
AL-
VERT again for his attention to this. I ask the gentleman for his commitment to work with me to resolve this critical issue for my constituents. Mr. CALVERT. I thank Mr. R
UIZfor raising this issue. I would like to offer and continue working with the gen-tleman and the Forest Service to ami-cably and productively resolve the sit-uation. Mrs. LOWEY. Madam Chair, I reserve balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Madam Chair, I am prepared to close, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Madam Chair, we should be making investments that protect our communities and make it easier for working families to get ahead. This bill falls far short of those goals. It shows the majority is not seri-ous about enacting spending bills on time and is rife with deficiencies from a tax on the environment and con-sumers to wasting hundreds of millions of taxpayer dollars, and it fails to stand up to Russian aggression and protect our elections. Vote ‘‘no.’’ Madam Chair, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Madam Chair, I am pleased the House is taking the next step towards our Appropria-tions bills today. These bills maintain vital Federal responsibilities and re-flect common American values. Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. All time for general de-bate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. An amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–81 shall be considered as adopted, and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as an original bill for the purpose of further amendment under the 5-minute rule and shall be considered as read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follow: H.R. 6147 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SEC. 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Interior, Envi-ronment, Financial Services, and General Gov-ernment Appropriations Act, 2019’’. DIVISION A—DEPARTMENT OF THE INTE-RIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 The following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-priated, for the Department of the Interior, en-vironment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, namely: TITLE I DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR B
UREAU OF LANDMANAGEMENT  
MANAGEMENT OF LANDS AND RESOURCES  For necessary expenses for protection, use, im-provement, development, disposal, cadastral sur-veying, classification, acquisition of easements and other interests in lands, and performance of other functions, including maintenance of fa-cilities, as authorized by law, in the manage-ment of lands and their resources under the ju-risdiction of the Bureau of Land Management, including the general administration of the Bu-reau, and assessment of mineral potential of public lands pursuant to section 1010(a) of Pub-lic Law 96–487 (16 U.S.C. 3150(a)), $1,247,883,000, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00119 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.123 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6384 July 17, 2018 
to remain available until expended, including all such amounts as are collected from permit processing fees, as authorized but made subject to future appropriation by section 35(d)(3)(A)(i) of the Mineral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 191), ex-cept that amounts from permit processing fees may be used for any bureau-related expenses as-sociated with the processing of oil and gas ap-plications for permits to drill and related use of authorizations. In addition, $39,696,000 is for Mining Law Ad-ministration program operations, including the cost of administering the mining claim fee pro-gram, to remain available until expended, to be reduced by amounts collected by the Bureau and credited to this appropriation from mining claim maintenance fees and location fees that are hereby authorized for fiscal year 2019, so as to result in a final appropriation estimated at not more than $1,247,883,000, and $2,000,000, to remain available until expended, from commu-nication site rental fees established by the Bu-reau for the cost of administering communica-tion site activities. 
LAND ACQUISITION  For expenses necessary to carry out sections 205, 206, and 318(d) of Public Law 94–579, in-cluding administrative expenses and acquisition of lands or waters, or interests therein, $17,392,000, to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund and to remain avail-able until expended. 
OREGON AND CALIFORNIA GRANT LANDS  For expenses necessary for management, pro-tection, and development of resources and for construction, operation, and maintenance of ac-cess roads, reforestation, and other improve-ments on the revested Oregon and California Railroad grant lands, on other Federal lands in the Oregon and California land-grant counties of Oregon, and on adjacent rights-of-way; and acquisition of lands or interests therein, includ-ing existing connecting roads on or adjacent to such grant lands; $106,985,000, to remain avail-able until expended: Provided, That 25 percent of the aggregate of all receipts during the cur-rent fiscal year from the revested Oregon and California Railroad grant lands is hereby made a charge against the Oregon and California land-grant fund and shall be transferred to the General Fund in the Treasury in accordance with the second paragraph of subsection (b) of title II of the Act of August 28, 1937 (43 U.S.C. 2605). 
RANGE IMPROVEMENTS  For rehabilitation, protection, and acquisition of lands and interests therein, and improvement of Federal rangelands pursuant to section 401 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1751), notwithstanding any other Act, sums equal to 50 percent of all mon-eys received during the prior fiscal year under sections 3 and 15 of the Taylor Grazing Act (43 U.S.C. 315b, 315m) and the amount designated for range improvements from grazing fees and mineral leasing receipts from Bankhead-Jones lands transferred to the Department of the Inte-rior pursuant to law, but not less than $10,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That not to exceed $600,000 shall be available for administrative expenses. 
SERVICE CHARGES , DEPOSITS , AND FORFEITURES  For administrative expenses and other costs related to processing application documents and other authorizations for use and disposal of public lands and resources, for costs of pro-viding copies of official public land documents, for monitoring construction, operation, and ter-mination of facilities in conjunction with use authorizations, and for rehabilitation of dam-aged property, such amounts as may be col-lected under Public Law 94–579 (43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), and under section 28 of the Mineral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 185), to remain available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding any provision to the contrary of section 305(a) of Public Law 94–579 (43 U.S.C. 1735(a)), any moneys that have been or will be received pursu-ant to that section, whether as a result of for-feiture, compromise, or settlement, if not appro-priate for refund pursuant to section 305(c) of that Act (43 U.S.C. 1735(c)), shall be available and may be expended under the authority of this Act by the Secretary to improve, protect, or rehabilitate any public lands administered through the Bureau of Land Management which have been damaged by the action of a re-source developer, purchaser, permittee, or any unauthorized person, without regard to whether all moneys collected from each such action are used on the exact lands damaged which led to the action: Provided further, That any such moneys that are in excess of amounts needed to repair damage to the exact land for which funds were collected may be used to repair other dam-aged public lands. MISCELLANEOUS TRUST FUNDS  In addition to amounts authorized to be ex-pended under existing laws, there is hereby ap-propriated such amounts as may be contributed under section 307 of Public Law 94–579 (43 U.S.C. 1737), and such amounts as may be ad-vanced for administrative costs, surveys, ap-praisals, and costs of making conveyances of omitted lands under section 211(b) of that Act (43 U.S.C. 1721(b)), to remain available until ex-pended. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  The Bureau of Land Management may carry out the operations funded under this Act by di-rect expenditure, contracts, grants, cooperative agreements and reimbursable agreements with public and private entities, including with States. Appropriations for the Bureau shall be available for purchase, erection, and dismantle-ment of temporary structures, and alteration and maintenance of necessary buildings and ap-purtenant facilities to which the United States has title; up to $100,000 for payments, at the dis-cretion of the Secretary, for information or evi-dence concerning violations of laws adminis-tered by the Bureau; miscellaneous and emer-gency expenses of enforcement activities author-ized or approved by the Secretary and to be ac-counted for solely on the Secretary’s certificate, not to exceed $10,000: Provided, That notwith-standing Public Law 90–620 (44 U.S.C. 501), the Bureau may, under cooperative cost-sharing and partnership arrangements authorized by law, procure printing services from cooperators in connection with jointly produced publica-tions for which the cooperators share the cost of printing either in cash or in services, and the Bureau determines the cooperator is capable of meeting accepted quality standards: Provided further, That projects to be funded pursuant to a written commitment by a State government to provide an identified amount of money in sup-port of the project may be carried out by the Bu-reau on a reimbursable basis. Appropriations herein made shall not be available for the de-struction of healthy, unadopted, wild horses and burros in the care of the Bureau or its con-tractors or for the sale of wild horses and burros that results in their destruction for processing into commercial products. U
NITED STATES FISH AND WILDLIFE SERVICE  
RESOURCE MANAGEMENT  For necessary expenses of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, as authorized by law, and for scientific and economic studies, general administration, and for the performance of other authorized functions related to such re-sources, $1,288,808,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That not to exceed $10,941,000 shall be used for implementing sub-sections (a), (b), (c), and (e) of section 4 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1533) (except for processing petitions, developing and issuing proposed and final regulations, and tak-ing any other steps to implement actions de-scribed in subsection (c)(2)(A), (c)(2)(B)(i), or (c)(2)(B)(ii)): Provided further, That $12,022,000 shall be provided to the National Fish and Wild-life Foundation pursuant to section 3709 of title 16, United States Code, for the benefit of, and in connection with, the activities and services of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service. CONSTRUCTION  For construction, improvement, acquisition, or removal of buildings and other facilities re-quired in the conservation, management, inves-tigation, protection, and utilization of fish and wildlife resources, and the acquisition of lands and interests therein; $59,734,000, to remain available until expended. 
LAND ACQUISITION  For expenses necessary to carry out chapter 2003 of title 54, United States Code, including administrative expenses, and for acquisition of land or waters, or interest therein, in accord-ance with statutory authority applicable to the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, $47,438,000, to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund and to remain avail-able until expended, of which, notwithstanding section 200306 of title 54, United States Code, not more than $10,000,000 shall be for land conserva-tion partnerships authorized by the Highlands Conservation Act of 2004, including not to ex-ceed $320,000 for administrative expenses: Pro-vided, That none of the funds appropriated for specific land acquisition projects may be used to pay for any administrative overhead, planning or other management costs. 
COOPERATIVE ENDANGERED SPECIES  
CONSERVATION FUND  For expenses necessary to carry out section 6 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1535), $53,495,000, to remain available until ex-pended, of which $22,695,000 is to be derived from the Cooperative Endangered Species Con-servation Fund; and of which $30,800,000 is to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
NATIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGE FUND  For expenses necessary to implement the Act of October 17, 1978 (16 U.S.C. 715s), $13,228,000. 
NORTH AMERICAN WETLANDS CONSERVATION FUND  For expenses necessary to carry out the provi-sions of the North American Wetlands Conserva-tion Act (16 U.S.C. 4401 et seq.), $42,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
NEOTROPICAL MIGRATORY BIRD CONSERVATION  For expenses necessary to carry out the Neotropical Migratory Bird Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 6101 et seq.), $3,910,000, to remain available until expended. 
MULTINATIONAL SPECIES CONSERVATION FUND  For expenses necessary to carry out the Afri-can Elephant Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 4201 et seq.), the Asian Elephant Conservation Act of 1997 (16 U.S.C. 4261 et seq.), the Rhinoceros and Tiger Conservation Act of 1994 (16 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.), the Great Ape Conservation Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.), and the Marine Turtle Con-servation Act of 2004 (16 U.S.C. 6601 et seq.), $11,061,000, to remain available until expended. 
STATE AND TRIBAL WILDLIFE GRANTS  For wildlife conservation grants to States and to the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, Guam, the United States Virgin Islands, the Northern Mariana Islands, American Samoa, and Indian tribes under the provisions of the Fish and Wildlife Act of 1956 and the Fish and Wildlife Coordination Act, for the development and im-plementation of programs for the benefit of wild-life and their habitat, including species that are not hunted or fished, $63,571,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of the amount provided herein, $4,209,000 is for a com-petitive grant program for Indian tribes not sub-ject to the remaining provisions of this appro-priation: Provided further, That $6,362,000 is for a competitive grant program to implement ap-proved plans for States, territories, and other ju-risdictions and at the discretion of affected 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00120 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.039 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6385 July 17, 2018 
States, the regional Associations of fish and wildlife agencies, not subject to the remaining provisions of this appropriation: Provided fur-ther, That the Secretary shall, after deducting $10,571,000 and administrative expenses, appor-tion the amount provided herein in the fol-lowing manner: (1) to the District of Columbia and to the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, each a sum equal to not more than one-half of 1 per-cent thereof; and (2) to Guam, American Samoa, the United States Virgin Islands, and the Com-monwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, each a sum equal to not more than one-fourth of 1 percent thereof: Provided further, That the Secretary shall apportion the remaining amount in the following manner: (1) one-third of which is based on the ratio to which the land area of such State bears to the total land area of all such States; and (2) two-thirds of which is based on the ratio to which the population of such State bears to the total population of all such States: 3 Provided further, That the amounts apportioned under this paragraph shall be ad-justed equitably so that no State shall be appor-tioned a sum which is less than 1 percent of the amount available for apportionment under this paragraph for any fiscal year or more than 5 percent of such amount: Provided further, That the Federal share of planning grants shall not exceed 75 percent of the total costs of such projects and the Federal share of implementa-tion grants shall not exceed 65 percent of the total costs of such projects: Provided further, That the non-Federal share of such projects may not be derived from Federal grant pro-grams: Provided further, That any amount ap-portioned in 2019 to any State, territory, or other jurisdiction that remains unobligated as of September 30, 2020, shall be reapportioned, to-gether with funds appropriated in 2021, in the manner provided herein. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  The United States Fish and Wildlife Service may carry out the operations of Service pro-grams by direct expenditure, contracts, grants, cooperative agreements and reimbursable agree-ments with public and private entities. Appro-priations and funds available to the United States Fish and Wildlife Service shall be avail-able for repair of damage to public roads within and adjacent to reservation areas caused by op-erations of the Service; options for the purchase of land at not to exceed $1 for each option; fa-cilities incident to such public recreational uses on conservation areas as are consistent with their primary purpose; and the maintenance and improvement of aquaria, buildings, and other facilities under the jurisdiction of the Service and to which the United States has title, and which are used pursuant to law in connec-tion with management, and investigation of fish and wildlife resources: Provided, That notwith-standing 44 U.S.C. 501, the Service may, under cooperative cost sharing and partnership ar-rangements authorized by law, procure printing services from cooperators in connection with jointly produced publications for which the co-operators share at least one-half the cost of printing either in cash or services and the Serv-ice determines the cooperator is capable of meet-ing accepted quality standards: Provided fur-ther, That the Service may accept donated air-craft as replacements for existing aircraft: Pro-vided further, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, all fees collected for non-toxic shot review and approval shall be deposited under the head-ing ‘‘United States Fish and Wildlife Service— Resource Management’’ and shall be available to the Secretary, without further appropriation, to be used for expenses of processing of such non-toxic shot type or coating applications and revising regulations as necessary, and shall re-main available until expended. N
ATIONAL PARKSERVICE  
OPERATION OF THE NATIONAL PARK SYSTEM  For expenses necessary for the management, operation, and maintenance of areas and facili-ties administered by the National Park Service and for the general administration of the Na-tional Park Service, $2,527,810,000, of which $10,032,000 for planning and interagency coordi-nation in support of Everglades restoration and $149,461,000 for maintenance, repair, or rehabili-tation projects for constructed assets and $166,575,000 for cyclic maintenance projects for constructed assets and cultural resources shall remain available until September 30, 2020: Pro-vided, That funds appropriated under this heading in this Act are available for the pur-poses of section 5 of Public Law 95–348. NATIONAL RECREATION AND PRESERVATION  For expenses necessary to carry out recreation programs, natural programs, cultural programs, heritage partnership programs, environmental compliance, international park affairs, and grant administration, not otherwise provided for, $63,638,000. 
HISTORIC PRESERVATION FUND  For expenses necessary in carrying out the National Historic Preservation Act (division A of subtitle III of title 54, United States Code), $91,910,000, to be derived from the Historic Pres-ervation Fund and to remain available until September 30, 2020, of which $13,000,000 shall be for Save America’s Treasures grants for preser-vation of national significant sites, structures and artifacts as authorized by section 7303 of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (54 U.S.C. 3089): Provided, That an indi-vidual Save America’s Treasures grant shall be matched by non-Federal funds: Provided fur-ther, That individual projects shall only be eli-gible for one grant: Provided further, That all projects to be funded shall be approved by the Secretary of the Interior in consultation with the House and Senate Committees on Appropria-tions: Provided further, That of the funds pro-vided for the Historic Preservation Fund, $500,000 is for competitive grants for the survey and nomination of properties to the National Register of Historic Places and as National His-toric Landmarks associated with communities currently under-represented, as determined by the Secretary, $13,000,000 is for competitive grants to preserve the sites and stories of the Civil Rights movement, and $5,000,000 is for grants to Historically Black Colleges and Uni-versities: Provided further, That such competi-tive grants shall be made without imposing the matching requirements in section 302902(b)(3) of title 54, United States Code, to States and In-dian tribes as defined in chapter 3003 of such title, Native Hawaiian organizations, local gov-ernments, including Certified Local Govern-ments, and non-profit organizations. 
CONSTRUCTION  For construction, improvements, repair, or re-placement of physical facilities, and compliance and planning for programs and areas adminis-tered by the National Park Service, $366,333,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, for any project initially funded in fiscal year 2019 with a future phase indicated in the National Park Service 5-Year Line Item Con-struction Plan, a single procurement may be issued which includes the full scope of the project: Provided further, That the solicitation and contract shall contain the clause avail-ability of funds found at 48 CFR 52.232–18: Pro-vided further, That National Park Service Do-nations, Park Concessions Franchise Fees, and Recreation Fees may be made available for the cost of adjustments and changes within the original scope of effort for projects funded by the National Park Service Construction appro-priation: Provided further, That the Secretary of the Interior shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations, in accordance with current reprogramming thresholds, prior to making any charges authorized by this section. 
LAND ACQUISITION AND STATE ASSISTANCE  For expenses necessary to carry out chapter 2003 of title 54, United States Code, including administrative expenses, and for acquisition of lands or waters, or interest therein, in accord-ance with the statutory authority applicable to the National Park Service, $172,363,000, to be de-rived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund and to remain available until expended, of which $124,006,000 is for the State assistance program and of which $10,000,000 shall be for the American Battlefield Protection Program grants as authorized by chapter 3081 of title 54, United States Code. CENTENNIAL CHALLENGE  For expenses necessary to carry out the provi-sions of section 101701 of title 54, United States Code, relating to challenge cost share agree-ments, $30,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, for Centennial Challenge projects and programs: Provided, That not less than 50 per-cent of the total cost of each project or program shall be derived from non-Federal sources in the form of donated cash, assets, or a pledge of do-nation guaranteed by an irrevocable letter of credit. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  In addition to other uses set forth in section 101917(c)(2) of title 54, United States Code, fran-chise fees credited to a sub-account shall be available for expenditure by the Secretary, with-out further appropriation, for use at any unit within the National Park System to extinguish or reduce liability for Possessory Interest or leasehold surrender interest. Such funds may only be used for this purpose to the extent that the benefitting unit anticipated franchise fee re-ceipts over the term of the contract at that unit exceed the amount of funds used to extinguish or reduce liability. Franchise fees at the benefit-ting unit shall be credited to the sub-account of the originating unit over a period not to exceed the term of a single contract at the benefitting unit, in the amount of funds so expended to ex-tinguish or reduce liability. For the costs of administration of the Land and Water Conservation Fund grants author-ized by section 105(a)(2)(B) of the Gulf of Mex-ico Energy Security Act of 2006 (Public Law 109– 432), the National Park Service may retain up to 3 percent of the amounts which are authorized to be disbursed under such section, such re-tained amounts to remain available until ex-pended. National Park Service funds may be trans-ferred to the Federal Highway Administration (FHWA), Department of Transportation, for purposes authorized under 23 U.S.C. 204. Trans-fers may include a reasonable amount for FHWA administrative support costs. U
NITED STATES GEOLOGICAL SURVEY  
SURVEYS , INVESTIGATIONS , AND RESEARCH  For expenses necessary for the United States Geological Survey to perform surveys, investiga-tions, and research covering topography, geol-ogy, hydrology, biology, and the mineral and water resources of the United States, its terri-tories and possessions, and other areas as au-thorized by 43 U.S.C. 31, 1332, and 1340; classify lands as to their mineral and water resources; give engineering supervision to power permittees and Federal Energy Regulatory Commission li-censees; administer the minerals exploration program (30 U.S.C. 641); conduct inquiries into the economic conditions affecting mining and materials processing industries (30 U.S.C. 3, 21a, and 1603; 50 U.S.C. 98g(1)) and related purposes as authorized by law; and to publish and dis-seminate data relative to the foregoing activi-ties; $1,167,291,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020; of which $84,337,000 shall re-main available until expended for satellite oper-ations; and of which $15,164,000 shall be avail-able until expended for deferred maintenance and capital improvement projects that exceed $100,000 in cost: Provided, That none of the funds provided for the ecosystem research activ-ity shall be used to conduct new surveys on pri-vate property, unless specifically authorized in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00121 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.039 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6386 July 17, 2018 
writing by the property owner: Provided fur-ther, That no part of this appropriation shall be used to pay more than one-half the cost of topo-graphic mapping or water resources data collec-tion and investigations carried on in coopera-tion with States and municipalities. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  From within the amount appropriated for ac-tivities of the United States Geological Survey such sums as are necessary shall be available for contracting for the furnishing of topographic maps and for the making of geophysical or other specialized surveys when it is administratively determined that such procedures are in the pub-lic interest; construction and maintenance of necessary buildings and appurtenant facilities; acquisition of lands for gauging stations, obser-vation wells, and seismic equipment; expenses of the United States National Committee for Geo-logical Sciences; and payment of compensation and expenses of persons employed by the Survey duly appointed to represent the United States in the negotiation and administration of interstate compacts: Provided, That activities funded by appropriations herein made may be accom-plished through the use of contracts, grants, or cooperative agreements as defined in section 6302 of title 31, United States Code: Provided further, That the United States Geological Sur-vey may enter into contracts or cooperative agreements directly with individuals or indi-rectly with institutions or nonprofit organiza-tions, without regard to 41 U.S.C. 6101, for the temporary or intermittent services of students or recent graduates, who shall be considered em-ployees for the purpose of chapters 57 and 81 of title 5, United States Code, relating to com-pensation for travel and work injuries, and chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code, relat-ing to tort claims, but shall not be considered to be Federal employees for any other purposes. B
UREAU OF OCEAN ENERGY MANAGEMENT  
OCEAN ENERGY MANAGEMENT  For expenses necessary for granting and ad-ministering leases, easements, rights-of-way and agreements for use for oil and gas, other min-erals, energy, and marine-related purposes on the Outer Continental Shelf and approving op-erations related thereto, as authorized by law; for environmental studies, as authorized by law; for implementing other laws and to the extent provided by Presidential or Secretarial delega-tion; and for matching grants or cooperative agreements, $180,222,000, of which $130,406,000 is to remain available until September 30, 2020, and of which $49,816,000 is to remain available until expended: Provided, That this total appro-priation shall be reduced by amounts collected by the Secretary and credited to this appropria-tion from additions to receipts resulting from in-creases to lease rental rates in effect on August 5, 1993, and from cost recovery fees from activi-ties conducted by the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management pursuant to the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act, including studies, assessments, analysis, and miscellaneous administrative ac-tivities: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced as such collec-tions are received during the fiscal year, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2019 appropriation estimated at not more than $130,406,000: Pro-vided further, That not to exceed $3,000 shall be available for reasonable expenses related to pro-moting volunteer beach and marine cleanup ac-tivities. B
UREAU OF SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENTAL  E
NFORCEMENT  
OFFSHORE SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENTAL  
ENFORCEMENT  For expenses necessary for the regulation of operations related to leases, easements, rights- of-way and agreements for use for oil and gas, other minerals, energy, and marine-related pur-poses on the Outer Continental Shelf, as au-thorized by law; for enforcing and implementing laws and regulations as authorized by law and to the extent provided by Presidential or Secre-tarial delegation; and for matching grants or co-operative agreements, $144,867,000, of which $120,743,000 is to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020, and of which $24,124,000 is to re-main available until expended: Provided, That this total appropriation shall be reduced by amounts collected by the Secretary and credited to this appropriation from additions to receipts resulting from increases to lease rental rates in effect on August 5, 1993, and from cost recovery fees from activities conducted by the Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement pursu-ant to the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act, including studies, assessments, analysis, and miscellaneous administrative activities: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced as such collections are received dur-ing the fiscal year, so as to result in a final fis-cal year 2019 appropriation estimated at not more than $120,743,000. For an additional amount, $41,765,000, to re-main available until expended, to be reduced by amounts collected by the Secretary and credited to this appropriation, which shall be derived from non-refundable inspection fees collected in fiscal year 2019, as provided in this Act: Pro-vided, That to the extent that amounts realized from such inspection fees exceed $41,765,000, the amounts realized in excess of $41,765,000 shall be credited to this appropriation and remain avail-able until expended: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2019, not less than 50 percent of the inspection fees expended by the Bureau of Safe-ty and Environmental Enforcement will be used to fund personnel and mission-related costs to expand capacity and expedite the orderly devel-opment, subject to environmental safeguards, of the Outer Continental Shelf pursuant to the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1331 et seq.), including the review of applica-tions for permits to drill. OIL SPILL RESEARCH  For necessary expenses to carry out title I, section 1016, title IV, sections 4202 and 4303, title VII, and title VIII, section 8201 of the Oil Pollu-tion Act of 1990, $14,899,000, which shall be de-rived from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund, to remain available until expended. O
FFICE OF SURFACE MINING RECLAMATION AND  E
NFORCEMENT  
REGULATION AND TECHNOLOGY  For necessary expenses to carry out the provi-sions of the Surface Mining Control and Rec-lamation Act of 1977, Public Law 95–87, $113,969,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That appropriations for the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and En-forcement may provide for the travel and per diem expenses of State and tribal personnel at-tending Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement sponsored training: Provided further, That of the amounts made available under this heading and notwithstanding the Federal share limits contained in section 705 of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 (30 U.S.C. 1295), not to exceed $2,300,000 shall be for the Secretary of the Inte-rior to make grants to any State with active coal mine operations within its borders that does not have an approved State regulatory program under section 503 of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 (30 U.S.C. 1253) for the purpose of developing a State program under such Act. In addition, for costs to review, administer, and enforce permits issued by the Office pursu-ant to section 507 of Public Law 95–87 (30 U.S.C. 1257), $40,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That fees assessed and col-lected by the Office pursuant to such section 507 shall be credited to this account as discretionary offsetting collections, to remain available until expended: Provided further, That the sum here-in appropriated from the general fund shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year, so as to result in a fiscal year 2019 appropriation estimated at not more than $113,969,000. ABANDONED MINE RECLAMATION FUND  For necessary expenses to carry out title IV of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977, Public Law 95–87, $24,546,000, to be derived from receipts of the Abandoned Mine Reclamation Fund and to remain available until expended: Provided, That pursuant to Public Law 97–365, the Department of the Interior is authorized to use up to 20 percent from the re-covery of the delinquent debt owed to the United States Government to pay for contracts to collect these debts: Provided further, That funds made available under title IV of Public Law 95–87 may be used for any required non- Federal share of the cost of projects funded by the Federal Government for the purpose of envi-ronmental restoration related to treatment or abatement of acid mine drainage from aban-doned mines: Provided further, That such projects must be consistent with the purposes and priorities of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act: Provided further, That amounts provided under this heading may be used for the travel and per diem expenses of State and tribal personnel attending Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement sponsored training. In addition, $90,000,000, to remain available until expended, for grants to States for reclama-tion of abandoned mine lands and other related activities in accordance with the terms and con-ditions in the report accompanying this Act: Provided, That such additional amount shall be used for economic and community development in conjunction with the priorities in section 403(a) of the Surface Mining Control and Rec-lamation Act of 1977 (30 U.S.C. 1233(a)): Pro-vided further, That such additional amount shall be distributed in equal amounts to the 3 Appalachian States with the greatest amount of unfunded needs to meet the priorities described in paragraphs (1) and (2) of such section: Pro-vided further, That such additional amount shall be allocated to States within 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act. B
UREAU OF INDIAN AFFAIRS AND BUREAU OF  I
NDIAN EDUCATION  
OPERATION OF INDIAN PROGRAMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For expenses necessary for the operation of Indian programs, as authorized by law, includ-ing the Snyder Act of November 2, 1921 (25 U.S.C. 13), the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act of 1975 (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.), the Education Amendments of 1978 (25 U.S.C. 2001–2019), and the Tribally Controlled Schools Act of 1988 (25 U.S.C. 2501 et seq.), $2,436,821,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020, except as otherwise provided herein; of which not to exceed $8,500 may be for official reception and representation expenses; of which not to exceed $76,000,000 shall be for welfare assistance payments: Provided, That in cases of designated Federal disasters, the Sec-retary may exceed such cap, from the amounts provided herein, to provide for disaster relief to Indian communities affected by the disaster: Provided further, That federally recognized In-dian tribes and tribal organizations of federally recognized Indian tribes may use their tribal priority allocations for unmet welfare assistance costs: Provided further, That not to exceed $689,558,000 for school operations costs of Bu-reau-funded schools and other education pro-grams shall become available on July 1, 2019, and shall remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided further, That not to exceed $54,174,000 shall remain available until ex-pended for housing improvement, road mainte-nance, attorney fees, litigation support, land 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00122 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.039 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6387 July 17, 2018 
records improvement, and the Navajo-Hopi Set-tlement Program: Provided further, That not-withstanding any other provision of law, in-cluding but not limited to the Indian Self-Deter-mination Act of 1975 (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.) and section 1128 of the Education Amendments of 1978 (25 U.S.C. 2008), not to exceed $82,223,000 within and only from such amounts made avail-able for school operations shall be available for administrative cost grants associated with grants approved prior to July 1, 2019: Provided further, That any forestry funds allocated to a federally recognized tribe which remain unobli-gated as of September 30, 2020, may be trans-ferred during fiscal year 2021 to an Indian forest land assistance account established for the ben-efit of the holder of the funds within the hold-er’s trust fund account: Provided further, That any such unobligated balances not so trans-ferred shall expire on September 30, 2021: Pro-vided further, That in order to enhance the safety of Bureau field employees, the Bureau may use funds to purchase uniforms or other identifying articles of clothing for personnel: Provided further, That the Bureau of Indian Affairs may accept transfers of funds from U.S. Customs and Border Protection to supplement any other funding available for reconstruction or repair of roads owned by the Bureau of In-dian Affairs as identified on the National Tribal Transportation Facility Inventory, 23 U.S.C. 202(b)(1): Provided further, That of the funds provided, not to exceed $2,000,000 is authorized for a demonstration project to pilot a lease agreement with a federally recognized Indian tribe agreeing to replace and own a Bureau of Indian Education funded school facility oper-ated under Public Law 93–638 or Public Law 100–297: Provided further, That of the funds provided, $2,000,000 shall be to implement sec-tion 7(b) of Public Law 102–495 (106 Stat. 3173). 
CONTRACT SUPPORT COSTS  For payments to tribes and tribal organiza-tions for contract support costs associated with Indian Self-Determination and Education As-sistance Act agreements with the Bureau of In-dian Affairs for fiscal year 2019, such sums as may be necessary, which shall be available for obligation through September 30, 2020: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, no amounts made available under this heading shall be available for transfer to an-other budget account. 
CONSTRUCTION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For construction, repair, improvement, and maintenance of irrigation and power systems, buildings, utilities, and other facilities, includ-ing architectural and engineering services by contract; acquisition of lands, and interests in lands; and preparation of lands for farming, and for construction of the Navajo Indian Irri-gation Project pursuant to Public Law 87–483; $354,485,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amounts as may be avail-able for the construction of the Navajo Indian Irrigation Project may be transferred to the Bu-reau of Reclamation: Provided further, That not to exceed 6 percent of contract authority avail-able to the Bureau of Indian Affairs from the Federal Highway Trust Fund may be used to cover the road program management costs of the Bureau: Provided further, That any funds pro-vided for the Safety of Dams program pursuant to the Act of November 2, 1921 (25 U.S.C. 13), shall be made available on a nonreimbursable basis: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2019, in implementing new construction, replace-ment facilities construction, or facilities im-provement and repair project grants in excess of $100,000 that are provided to grant schools under Public Law 100–297, the Secretary of the Interior shall use the Administrative and Audit Requirements and Cost Principles for Assistance Programs contained in part 12 of title 43, Code of Federal Regulations, as the regulatory re-quirements: Provided further, That such grants shall not be subject to section 12.61 of title 43, Code of Federal Regulations; the Secretary and the grantee shall negotiate and determine a schedule of payments for the work to be per-formed: Provided further, That in considering grant applications, the Secretary shall consider whether such grantee would be deficient in as-suring that the construction projects conform to applicable building standards and codes and Federal, tribal, or State health and safety standards as required by section 1125(b) of title XI of Public Law 95–561 (25 U.S.C. 2005(b)), with respect to organizational and financial management capabilities: Provided further, That if the Secretary declines a grant applica-tion, the Secretary shall follow the requirements contained in section 5206(f) of Public Law 100– 297 (25 U.S.C. 2504(f)): Provided further, That any disputes between the Secretary and any grantee concerning a grant shall be subject to the disputes provision in section 5208(e) of Pub-lic Law 107–110 (25 U.S.C. 2507(e)): Provided further, That in order to ensure timely comple-tion of construction projects, the Secretary may assume control of a project and all funds related to the project, if, within 18 months of the date of enactment of this Act, any grantee receiving funds appropriated in this Act or in any prior Act, has not completed the planning and design phase of the project and commenced construc-tion: Provided further, That this appropriation may be reimbursed from the Office of the Special Trustee for American Indians appropriation for the appropriate share of construction costs for space expansion needed in agency offices to meet trust reform implementation. INDIAN LAND AND WATER CLAIM SETTLEMENTS  
AND MISCELLANEOUS PAYMENTS TO INDIANS  For payments and necessary administrative expenses for implementation of Indian land and water claim settlements pursuant to Public Laws 99–264, 100–580, 101–618, 111–11, 111–291, and 114–322, and for implementation of other land and water rights settlements, $50,057,000, to remain available until expended. 
INDIAN GUARANTEED LOAN PROGRAM ACCOUNT  For the cost of guaranteed loans and insured loans, $19,279,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020, of which $1,702,000 is for admin-istrative expenses, as authorized by the Indian Financing Act of 1974: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided fur-ther, That these funds are available to subsidize total loan principal, any part of which is to be guaranteed or insured, not to exceed $329,260,000. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
(INCLUDING RESCISSION OF FUNDS)  The Bureau of Indian Affairs may carry out the operation of Indian programs by direct ex-penditure, contracts, cooperative agreements, compacts, and grants, either directly or in co-operation with States and other organizations. Notwithstanding Public Law 87–279 (25 U.S.C. 15), the Bureau of Indian Affairs may contract for services in support of the management, oper-ation, and maintenance of the Power Division of the San Carlos Irrigation Project. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no funds available to the Bureau of Indian Af-fairs for central office oversight and Executive Direction and Administrative Services (except executive direction and administrative services funding for Tribal Priority Allocations, regional offices, and facilities operations and mainte-nance) shall be available for contracts, grants, compacts, or cooperative agreements with the Bureau of Indian Affairs under the provisions of the Indian Self-Determination Act or the Tribal Self-Governance Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–413). In the event any tribe returns appropriations made available by this Act to the Bureau of In-dian Affairs, this action shall not diminish the Federal Government’s trust responsibility to that tribe, or the government-to-government re-lationship between the United States and that tribe, or that tribe’s ability to access future ap-propriations. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no funds available to the Bureau of Indian Education, other than the amounts provided herein for assistance to public schools under 25 U.S.C. 452 et seq., shall be available to support the operation of any elementary or secondary school in the State of Alaska. No funds available to the Bureau of Indian Education shall be used to support expanded grades for any school or dormitory beyond the grade structure in place or approved by the Sec-retary of the Interior at each school in the Bu-reau of Indian Education school system as of October 1, 1995, except that the Secretary of the Interior may waive this prohibition to support expansion of up to one additional grade when the Secretary determines such waiver is needed to support accomplishment of the mission of the Bureau of Indian Education, or more than one grade to expand the elementary grade structure for Bureau-funded schools with a K-2 grade structure on October 1, 1996. Appropriations made available in this or any prior Act for schools funded by the Bureau shall be available, in accordance with the Bureau’s funding for-mula, only to the schools in the Bureau school system as of September 1, 1996, and to any school or school program that was reinstated in fiscal year 2012. Funds made available under this Act may not be used to establish a charter school at a Bureau-funded school (as that term is defined in section 1141 of the Education Amendments of 1978 (25 U.S.C. 2021)), except that a charter school that is in existence on the date of the enactment of this Act and that has operated at a Bureau-funded school before Sep-tember 1, 1999, may continue to operate during that period, but only if the charter school pays to the Bureau a pro rata share of funds to reim-burse the Bureau for the use of the real and per-sonal property (including buses and vans), the funds of the charter school are kept separate and apart from Bureau funds, and the Bureau does not assume any obligation for charter school programs of the State in which the school is located if the charter school loses such fund-ing. Employees of Bureau-funded schools shar-ing a campus with a charter school and per-forming functions related to the charter school’s operation and employees of a charter school shall not be treated as Federal employees for purposes of chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, including section 113 of title I of appendix C of Public Law 106–113, if in fiscal year 2003 or 2004 a grantee received indirect and administrative costs pursuant to a distribution formula based on section 5(f) of Public Law 101–301, the Sec-retary shall continue to distribute indirect and administrative cost funds to such grantee using the section 5(f) distribution formula. Funds available under this Act may not be used to establish satellite locations of schools in the Bureau school system as of September 1, 1996, except that the Secretary may waive this prohibition in order for an Indian tribe to pro-vide language and cultural immersion edu-cational programs for non-public schools located within the jurisdictional area of the tribal gov-ernment which exclusively serve tribal members, do not include grades beyond those currently served at the existing Bureau-funded school, provide an educational environment with edu-cator presence and academic facilities com-parable to the Bureau-funded school, comply with all applicable Tribal, Federal, or State health and safety standards, and the Americans with Disabilities Act, and demonstrate the bene-fits of establishing operations at a satellite loca-tion in lieu of incurring extraordinary costs, such as for transportation or other impacts to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00123 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.039 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6388 July 17, 2018 
students such as those caused by busing stu-dents extended distances: Provided, That no funds available under this Act may be used to fund operations, maintenance, rehabilitation, construction or other facilities-related costs for such assets that are not owned by the Bureau: Provided further, That the term ‘‘satellite school’’ means a school location physically sep-arated from the existing Bureau school by more than 50 miles but that forms part of the existing school in all other respects. Of the unobligated balances available from appropriations made under the heading ‘‘Bu-reau of Indian Affairs and Bureau of Indian Education’’ prior to fiscal year 2014, $4,000,000 are permanently rescinded. D
EPARTMENTAL OFFICES  O
FFICE OF THE SECRETARY  
DEPARTMENTAL OPERATIONS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for management of the Department of the Interior and for grants and cooperative agreements, as authorized by law, $134,673,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020; of which not to exceed $15,000 may be for official reception and representation ex-penses; and of which up to $1,000,000 shall be available for workers compensation payments and unemployment compensation payments as-sociated with the orderly closure of the United States Bureau of Mines; and of which $9,000,000 for the Appraisal and Valuation Services Office is to be derived from the Land and Water Con-servation Fund and shall remain available until expended; and of which $9,704,000 for Indian land, mineral, and resource valuation activities shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That funds for Indian land, mineral, and resource valuation activities may, as need-ed, be transferred to and merged with the Bu-reau of Indian Affairs and Bureau of Indian Education ‘‘Operation of Indian Programs’’ ac-count and the Office of the Special Trustee for American Indians ‘‘Federal Trust Programs’’ account: Provided further, That funds made available through contracts or grants obligated during fiscal year 2019, as authorized by the In-dian Self-Determination Act of 1975 (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.), shall remain available until ex-pended by the contractor or grantee. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  For fiscal year 2019, up to $400,000 of the pay-ments authorized by chapter 69 of title 31, United States Code, may be retained for admin-istrative expenses of the Payments in Lieu of Taxes Program: Provided, That the amounts provided under this Act specifically for the Pay-ments in Lieu of Taxes program are the only amounts available for payments authorized under chapter 69 of title 31, United States Code: Provided further, That in the event the sums appropriated for any fiscal year for payments pursuant to this chapter are insufficient to make the full payments authorized by that chapter to all units of local government, then the payment to each local government shall be made proportionally: Provided further, That the Secretary may make adjustments to payment to individual units of local government to correct for prior overpayments or underpayments: Pro-vided further, That no payment shall be made pursuant to that chapter to otherwise eligible units of local government if the computed amount of the payment is less than $100. I
NSULAR AFFAIRS  
ASSISTANCE TO TERRITORIES  For expenses necessary for assistance to terri-tories under the jurisdiction of the Department of the Interior and other jurisdictions identified in section 104(e) of Public Law 108–188, $96,870,000, of which: (1) $87,440,000 shall re-main available until expended for territorial as-sistance, including general technical assistance, maintenance assistance, disaster assistance, coral reef initiative activities, and brown tree snake control and research; grants to the judici-ary in American Samoa for compensation and expenses, as authorized by law (48 U.S.C. 1661(c)); grants to the Government of American Samoa, in addition to current local revenues, for construction and support of governmental func-tions; grants to the Government of the Virgin Is-lands, as authorized by law; grants to the Gov-ernment of Guam, as authorized by law; and grants to the Government of the Northern Mar-iana Islands , as authorized by law (Public Law 94–241; 90 Stat. 272); and (2) $9,430,000 shall be available until September 30, 2020, for salaries and expenses of the Office of Insular Affairs: Provided, That all financial transactions of the territorial and local governments herein pro-vided for, including such transactions of all agencies or instrumentalities established or used by such governments, may be audited by the Government Accountability Office, at its discre-tion, in accordance with chapter 35 of title 31, United States Code: Provided further, That Northern Mariana Islands Covenant grant funding shall be provided according to those terms of the Agreement of the Special Represent-atives on Future United States Financial Assist-ance for the Northern Mariana Islands ap-proved by Public Law 104–134: Provided further, That the funds for the program of operations and maintenance improvement are appropriated to institutionalize routine operations and main-tenance improvement of capital infrastructure with territorial participation and cost sharing to be determined by the Secretary based on the grantee’s commitment to timely maintenance of its capital assets: Provided further, That any appropriation for disaster assistance under this heading in this Act or previous appropriations Acts may be used as non–Federal matching funds for the purpose of hazard mitigation grants provided pursuant to section 404 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170c). COMPACT OF FREE ASSOCIATION  For grants and necessary expenses, $3,363,000, to remain available until expended, as provided for in sections 221(a)(2) and 233 of the Compact of Free Association for the Republic of Palau; and section 221(a)(2) of the Compacts of Free Association for the Government of the Republic of the Marshall Islands and the Federated States of Micronesia, as authorized by Public Law 99–658 and Public Law 108–188. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  At the request of the Governor of Guam, the Secretary may transfer discretionary funds or mandatory funds provided under section 104(e) of Public Law 108–188 and Public Law 104–134, that are allocated for Guam, to the Secretary of Agriculture for the subsidy cost of direct or guaranteed loans, plus not to exceed three per-cent of the amount of the subsidy transferred for the cost of loan administration, for the pur-poses authorized by the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 and section 306(a)(1) of the Consoli-dated Farm and Rural Development Act for con-struction and repair projects in Guam, and such funds shall remain available until expended: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in sec-tion 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That such loans or loan guar-antees may be made without regard to the popu-lation of the area, credit elsewhere require-ments, and restrictions on the types of eligible entities under the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 and section 306(a)(1) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act: Provided fur-ther, That any funds transferred to the Sec-retary of Agriculture shall be in addition to funds otherwise made available to make or guarantee loans under such authorities. O
FFICE OF THE SOLICITOR  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of the So-licitor, $65,674,000. OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General, $52,486,000. O
FFICE OF THE SPECIAL TRUSTEE FOR AMERICAN  I
NDIANS  
FEDERAL TRUST PROGRAMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the operation of trust programs for Indi-ans by direct expenditure, contracts, cooperative agreements, compacts, and grants, $110,692,000, to remain available until expended, of which not to exceed $19,016,000 from this or any other Act, may be available for historical accounting: Provided, That funds for trust management im-provements and litigation support may, as need-ed, be transferred to or merged with the Bureau of Indian Affairs and Bureau of Indian Edu-cation, ‘‘Operation of Indian Programs’’ ac-count; the Office of the Solicitor, ‘‘Salaries and Expenses’’ account; and the Office of the Sec-retary, ‘‘Departmental Operations’’ account: Provided further, That funds made available through contracts or grants obligated during fis-cal year 2019, as authorized by the Indian Self- Determination Act of 1975 (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.), shall remain available until expended by the contractor or grantee: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary shall not be required to pro-vide a quarterly statement of performance for any Indian trust account that has not had ac-tivity for at least 15 months and has a balance of $15 or less: Provided further, That the Sec-retary shall issue an annual account statement and maintain a record of any such accounts and shall permit the balance in each such ac-count to be withdrawn upon the express written request of the account holder: Provided further, That not to exceed $50,000 is available for the Secretary to make payments to correct adminis-trative errors of either disbursements from or de-posits to Individual Indian Money or Tribal ac-counts after September 30, 2002: Provided fur-ther, That erroneous payments that are recov-ered shall be credited to and remain available in this account for this purpose: Provided further, That the Secretary shall not be required to rec-oncile Special Deposit Accounts with a balance of less than $500 unless the Office of the Special Trustee receives proof of ownership from a Spe-cial Deposit Accounts claimant: Provided fur-ther, That notwithstanding section 102 of the American Indian Trust Fund Management Re-form Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–412) or any other provision of law, the Secretary may aggre-gate the trust accounts of individuals whose whereabouts are unknown for a continuous pe-riod of at least five years and shall not be re-quired to generate periodic statements of per-formance for the individual accounts: Provided further, That with respect to the eighth proviso, the Secretary shall continue to maintain suffi-cient records to determine the balance of the in-dividual accounts, including any accrued inter-est and income, and such funds shall remain available to the individual account holders. 
NAVAJO AND HOPI INDIAN RELOCATION  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Special Trustee for American Indians to carry out the activities authorized by subsection 11(h) of Public Law 93–531, as most recently amended by Public Law 104–301, through direct expendi-ture, contracts, cooperative agreements, com-pacts, and grants, $3,000,000, to remain avail-able until expended: Provided, That the Office of the Special Trustee is further authorized to expend funds provided under this heading for the purpose of planning for an orderly closeout of the Office of Navajo and Hopi Indian Reloca-tion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00124 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.039 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6389 July 17, 2018 
DEPARTMENT -WIDE PROGRAMS  
WILDLAND FIRE MANAGEMENT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for fire preparedness, fire suppression operations, fire science and re-search, emergency rehabilitation, fuels manage-ment activities, and rural fire assistance by the Department of the Interior, $939,660,000, to re-main available until expended: Provided, That such funds are also available for repayment of advances to other appropriation accounts from which funds were previously transferred for such purposes: Provided further, That of the funds provided $194,000,000 is for fuels manage-ment activities: Provided further, That of the funds provided $20,470,000 is for burned area re-habilitation: Provided further, That persons hired pursuant to 43 U.S.C. 1469 may be fur-nished subsistence and lodging without cost from funds available from this appropriation: Provided further, That notwithstanding 42 U.S.C. 1856d, sums received by a bureau or of-fice of the Department of the Interior for fire protection rendered pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 1856 et seq., protection of United States property, may be credited to the appropriation from which funds were expended to provide that protection, and are available without fiscal year limitation: Provided further, That using the amounts des-ignated under this title of this Act, the Sec-retary of the Interior may enter into procure-ment contracts, grants, or cooperative agree-ments, for fuels management activities, and for training and monitoring associated with such fuels management activities on Federal land, or on adjacent non-Federal land for activities that benefit resources on Federal land: Provided fur-ther, That the costs of implementing any cooper-ative agreement between the Federal Govern-ment and any non-Federal entity may be shared, as mutually agreed on by the affected parties: Provided further, That notwithstanding requirements of the Competition in Contracting Act, the Secretary, for purposes of fuels man-agement activities, may obtain maximum prac-ticable competition among: (1) local private, nonprofit, or cooperative entities; (2) Youth Conservation Corps crews, Public Lands Corps (Public Law 109–154), or related partnerships with State, local, or nonprofit youth groups; (3) small or micro-businesses; or (4) other entities that will hire or train locally a significant per-centage, defined as 50 percent or more, of the project workforce to complete such contracts: Provided further, That in implementing this sec-tion, the Secretary shall develop written guid-ance to field units to ensure accountability and consistent application of the authorities pro-vided herein: Provided further, That funds ap-propriated under this heading may be used to reimburse the United States Fish and Wildlife Service and the National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice for the costs of carrying out their respon-sibilities under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) to consult and con-ference, as required by section 7 of such Act, in connection with wildland fire management ac-tivities: Provided further, That the Secretary of the Interior may use wildland fire appropria-tions to enter into leases of real property with local governments, at or below fair market value, to construct capitalized improvements for fire facilities on such leased properties, includ-ing but not limited to fire guard stations, retard-ant stations, and other initial attack and fire support facilities, and to make advance pay-ments for any such lease or for construction ac-tivity associated with the lease: Provided fur-ther, That the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture may authorize the transfer of funds appropriated for wildland fire management, in an aggregate amount not to ex-ceed $50,000,000, between the Departments when such transfers would facilitate and expedite wildland fire management programs and projects: Provided further, That funds provided for wildfire suppression shall be available for support of Federal emergency response actions: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading shall be available for assist-ance to or through the Department of State in connection with forest and rangeland research, technical information, and assistance in foreign countries, and, with the concurrence of the Sec-retary of State, shall be available to support for-estry, wildland fire management, and related natural resource activities outside the United States and its territories and possessions, in-cluding technical assistance, education and training, and cooperation with United States and international organizations. 
CENTRAL HAZARDOUS MATERIALS FUND  For necessary expenses of the Department of the Interior and any of its component offices and bureaus for the response action, including associated activities, performed pursuant to the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Com-pensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.), $10,010,000, to remain available until ex-pended. N
ATURAL RESOURCE DAMAGE ASSESSMENT AND  R
ESTORATION  
NATURAL RESOURCE DAMAGE ASSESSMENT FUND  To conduct natural resource damage assess-ment, restoration activities, and onshore oil spill preparedness by the Department of the Interior necessary to carry out the provisions of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Com-pensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.), the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.), the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.), and 54 U.S.C. 100721 et seq., $7,767,000, to remain available until expended. 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND  For the operation and maintenance of a de-partmental financial and business management system, information technology improvements of general benefit to the Department, cybersecu-rity, and the consolidation of facilities and op-erations throughout the Department, $58,778,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That none of the funds appropriated in this Act or any other Act may be used to es-tablish reserves in the Working Capital Fund account other than for accrued annual leave and depreciation of equipment without prior ap-proval of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided further, That the Secretary may assess reasonable charges to State, local and tribal government employees for training services pro-vided by the National Indian Program Training Center, other than training related to Public Law 93–638: Provided further, That the Sec-retary may lease or otherwise provide space and related facilities, equipment or professional serv-ices of the National Indian Program Training Center to State, local and tribal government em-ployees or persons or organizations engaged in cultural, educational, or recreational activities (as defined in section 3306(a) of title 40, United States Code) at the prevailing rate for similar space, facilities, equipment, or services in the vi-cinity of the National Indian Program Training Center: Provided further, That all funds re-ceived pursuant to the two preceding provisos shall be credited to this account, shall be avail-able until expended, and shall be used by the Secretary for necessary expenses of the National Indian Program Training Center: Provided fur-ther, That the Secretary may enter into grants and cooperative agreements to support the Of-fice of Natural Resource Revenue’s collection and disbursement of royalties, fees, and other mineral revenue proceeds, as authorized by law. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISION  There is hereby authorized for acquisition from available resources within the Working Capital Fund, aircraft which may be obtained by donation, purchase or through available ex-cess surplus property: Provided, That existing aircraft being replaced may be sold, with pro-ceeds derived or trade-in value used to offset the purchase price for the replacement aircraft. OFFICE OF NATURAL RESOURCES REVENUE  For necessary expenses for management of the collection and disbursement of royalties, fees, and other mineral revenue proceeds, and for grants and cooperative agreements, as author-ized by law, $137,505,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020; of which $41,727,000 shall remain available until expended for the purpose of mineral revenue management activi-ties: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, $15,000 shall be available for refunds of overpayments in connection with cer-tain Indian leases in which the Secretary con-curred with the claimed refund due, to pay amounts owed to Indian allottees or tribes, or to correct prior unrecoverable erroneous payments. 
PAYMENTS IN LIEU OF TAXES  For necessary expenses for payments author-ized by chapter 69 of title 31, United States Code, $500,000,000 shall be available for fiscal year 2019. G
ENERAL PROVISIONS , DEPARTMENT OF THE  I
NTERIOR  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  
EMERGENCY TRANSFER AUTHORITY —INTRA - 
BUREAU  S
EC. 101. Appropriations made in this title shall be available for expenditure or transfer (within each bureau or office), with the ap-proval of the Secretary, for the emergency re-construction, replacement, or repair of aircraft, buildings, utilities, or other facilities or equip-ment damaged or destroyed by fire, flood, storm, or other unavoidable causes: Provided, That no funds shall be made available under this au-thority until funds specifically made available to the Department of the Interior for emer-gencies shall have been exhausted: Provided further, That all funds used pursuant to this section must be replenished by a supplemental appropriation, which must be requested as promptly as possible. 
EMERGENCY TRANSFER AUTHORITY — 
DEPARTMENT -WIDE S
EC. 102. The Secretary may authorize the ex-penditure or transfer of any no year appropria-tion in this title, in addition to the amounts in-cluded in the budget programs of the several agencies, for the suppression or emergency pre-vention of wildland fires on or threatening lands under the jurisdiction of the Department of the Interior; for the emergency rehabilitation of burned-over lands under its jurisdiction; for emergency actions related to potential or actual earthquakes, floods, volcanoes, storms, or other unavoidable causes; for contingency planning subsequent to actual oil spills; for response and natural resource damage assessment activities related to actual oil spills or releases of haz-ardous substances into the environment; for the prevention, suppression, and control of actual or potential grasshopper and Mormon cricket outbreaks on lands under the jurisdiction of the Secretary, pursuant to the authority in section 417(b) of Public Law 106–224 (7 U.S.C. 7717(b)); for emergency reclamation projects under sec-tion 410 of Public Law 95–87; and shall transfer, from any no year funds available to the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforce-ment, such funds as may be necessary to permit assumption of regulatory authority in the event a primacy State is not carrying out the regu-latory provisions of the Surface Mining Act: Provided, That appropriations made in this title for wildland fire operations shall be available for the payment of obligations incurred during the preceding fiscal year, and for reimbursement to other Federal agencies for destruction of ve-hicles, aircraft, or other equipment in connec-tion with their use for wildland fire operations, with such reimbursement to be credited to ap-propriations currently available at the time of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00125 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.039 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6390 July 17, 2018 
receipt thereof: Provided further, That for wildland fire operations, no funds shall be made available under this authority until the Sec-retary determines that funds appropriated for ‘‘wildland fire suppression’’ shall be exhausted within 30 days: Provided further, That all funds used pursuant to this section must be replen-ished by a supplemental appropriation, which must be requested as promptly as possible: Pro-vided further, That such replenishment funds shall be used to reimburse, on a pro rata basis, accounts from which emergency funds were transferred. 
AUTHORIZED USE OF FUNDS  S
EC. 103. Appropriations made to the Depart-ment of the Interior in this title shall be avail-able for services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, when authorized by the Secretary, in total amount not to exceed $500,000; purchase and replacement of motor ve-hicles, including specially equipped law enforce-ment vehicles; hire, maintenance, and operation of aircraft; hire of passenger motor vehicles; purchase of reprints; payment for telephone service in private residences in the field, when authorized under regulations approved by the Secretary; and the payment of dues, when au-thorized by the Secretary, for library member-ship in societies or associations which issue pub-lications to members only or at a price to mem-bers lower than to subscribers who are not mem-bers. 
AUTHORIZED USE OF FUNDS , INDIAN TRUST  
MANAGEMENT  S
EC. 104. Appropriations made in this Act under the headings Bureau of Indian Affairs and Bureau of Indian Education, and Office of the Special Trustee for American Indians and any unobligated balances from prior appropria-tions Acts made under the same headings shall be available for expenditure or transfer for In-dian trust management and reform activities. Total funding for historical accounting activi-ties shall not exceed amounts specifically des-ignated in this Act for such purpose. 
REDISTRIBUTION OF FUNDS , BUREAU OF INDIAN  
AFFAIRS  S
EC. 105. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of the Interior is author-ized to redistribute any Tribal Priority Alloca-tion funds, including tribal base funds, to al-leviate tribal funding inequities by transferring funds to address identified, unmet needs, dual enrollment, overlapping service areas or inac-curate distribution methodologies. No tribe shall receive a reduction in Tribal Priority Allocation funds of more than 10 percent in fiscal year 2019. Under circumstances of dual enrollment, overlapping service areas or inaccurate distribu-tion methodologies, the 10 percent limitation does not apply. 
ELLIS , GOVERNORS , AND LIBERTY ISLANDS  S
EC. 106. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of the Interior is author-ized to acquire lands, waters, or interests there-in including the use of all or part of any pier, dock, or landing within the State of New York and the State of New Jersey, for the purpose of operating and maintaining facilities in the sup-port of transportation and accommodation of visitors to Ellis, Governors, and Liberty Islands, and of other program and administrative activi-ties, by donation or with appropriated funds, including franchise fees (and other monetary consideration), or by exchange; and the Sec-retary is authorized to negotiate and enter into leases, subleases, concession contracts or other agreements for the use of such facilities on such terms and conditions as the Secretary may de-termine reasonable. 
OUTER CONTINENTAL SHELF INSPECTION FEES  S
EC. 107. (a) In fiscal year 2019, the Secretary shall collect a nonrefundable inspection fee, which shall be deposited in the ‘‘Offshore Safety and Environmental Enforcement’’ account, from the designated operator for facilities subject to inspection under 43 U.S.C. 1348(c). (b) Annual fees shall be collected for facilities that are above the waterline, excluding drilling rigs, and are in place at the start of the fiscal year. Fees for fiscal year 2019 shall be: (1) $10,500 for facilities with no wells, but with processing equipment or gathering lines; (2) $17,000 for facilities with 1 to 10 wells, with any combination of active or inactive wells; and (3) $31,500 for facilities with more than 10 wells, with any combination of active or inac-tive wells. (c) Fees for drilling rigs shall be assessed for all inspections completed in fiscal year 2019. Fees for fiscal year 2019 shall be: (1) $30,500 per inspection for rigs operating in water depths of 500 feet or more; and (2) $16,700 per inspection for rigs operating in water depths of less than 500 feet. (d) The Secretary shall bill designated opera-tors under subsection (b) within 60 days, with payment required within 30 days of billing. The Secretary shall bill designated operators under subsection (c) within 30 days of the end of the month in which the inspection occurred, with payment required within 30 days of billing. BUREAU OF OCEAN ENERGY MANAGEMENT , 
REGULATION AND ENFORCEMENT REORGANIZATION  S
EC. 108. The Secretary of the Interior, in order to implement a reorganization of the Bu-reau of Ocean Energy Management, Regulation and Enforcement, may transfer funds among and between the successor offices and bureaus affected by the reorganization only in conform-ance with the reprogramming guidelines de-scribed in the report accompanying this Act. 
CONTRACTS AND AGREEMENTS FOR WILD HORSE  
AND BURRO HOLDING FACILITIES  S
EC. 109. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior may enter into multiyear cooperative agreements with nonprofit organizations and other appro-priate entities, and may enter into multiyear contracts in accordance with the provisions of section 3903 of title 41, United States Code (ex-cept that the 5-year term restriction in sub-section (a) shall not apply), for the long-term care and maintenance of excess wild free roam-ing horses and burros by such organizations or entities on private land. Such cooperative agree-ments and contracts may not exceed 10 years, subject to renewal at the discretion of the Sec-retary. 
MASS MARKING OF SALMONIDS  S
EC. 110. The United States Fish and Wildlife Service shall, in carrying out its responsibilities to protect threatened and endangered species of salmon, implement a system of mass marking of salmonid stocks, intended for harvest, that are released from federally operated or federally fi-nanced hatcheries including but not limited to fish releases of coho, chinook, and steelhead species. Marked fish must have a visible mark that can be readily identified by commercial and recreational fishers. 
EXHAUSTION OF ADMINISTRATIVE REVIEW  S
EC. 111. Paragraph (1) of section 122(a) of di-vision E of Public Law 112–74 (125 Stat. 1013) is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2012 through 2022,’’ in the first sentence and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2012 and each fiscal year thereafter,’’. 
CONTRACTS AND AGREEMENTS WITH INDIAN  
AFFAIRS  S
EC. 112. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, during fiscal year 2019, in carrying out work involving cooperation with State, local, and tribal governments or any political subdivi-sion thereof, Indian Affairs may record obliga-tions against accounts receivable from any such entities, except that total obligations at the end of the fiscal year shall not exceed total budg-etary resources available at the end of the fiscal year. 
HUMANE TRANSFER OF EXCESS ANIMALS  S
EC. 113. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of the Interior may trans-fer excess wild horses or burros that have been removed from the public lands to other Federal, State, and local government agencies for use as work animals: Provided, That the Secretary may make any such transfer immediately upon re-quest of such Federal, State, or local govern-ment agency: Provided further, That any excess animal transferred under this provision shall lose its status as a wild free-roaming horse or burro as defined in the Wild Free-Roaming Horses and Burros Act: Provided further, That any Federal, State, or local government agency receiving excess wild horses or burros as author-ized in this section shall not: destroy the horses or burros in a way that results in their destruc-tion into commercial products; sell or otherwise transfer the horses or burros in a way that re-sults in their destruction for processing into commercial products; or euthanize the horses or burros except upon the recommendation of a li-censed veterinarian, in cases of severe injury, illness, or advanced age. DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR EXPERIENCED  
SERVICES PROGRAM  S
EC. 114. (a) Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law relating to Federal grants and coop-erative agreements, the Secretary of the Interior is authorized to make grants to, or enter into co-operative agreements with, private nonprofit or-ganizations designated by the Secretary of Labor under title V of the Older Americans Act of 1965 to utilize the talents of older Americans in programs authorized by other provisions of law administered by the Secretary and con-sistent with such provisions of law. (b) Prior to awarding any grant or agreement under subsection (a), the Secretary shall ensure that the agreement would not— (1) result in the displacement of individuals currently employed by the Department, includ-ing partial displacement through reduction of non-overtime hours, wages, or employment bene-fits; (2) result in the use of an individual under the Department of the Interior Experienced Services Program for a job or function in a case in which a Federal employee is in a layoff status from the same or substantially equivalent job within the Department; or (3) affect existing contracts for services. 
SAGE-GROUSE  S
EC. 115. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used by the Sec-retary of the Interior to write or issue pursuant to section 4 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1533)— (1) a proposed rule for greater sage-grouse (Centrocercus urophasianus); (2) a proposed rule for the Columbia basin dis-tinct population segment of greater sage-grouse; or (3) a final rule for the Bi-State distinct popu-lation segment of greater sage-grouse. 
REISSUANCE OF FINAL RULES  S
EC. 116. (a) The final rule published on Sep-tember 10, 2012 (77 Fed. Reg. 55530) that was re-instated on March 3, 2017, by the decision of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Colum-bia (No. 14-5300) and further republished on May 1, 2017 (82 Fed. Reg. 20284) that reinstates the removal of Federal protections for the gray wolf in Wyoming under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.), and this sub-section, shall not be subject to judicial review. (b) Before the end of the 60-day period begin-ning on the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior shall reissue the final rule published on December 28, 2011 (76 Fed. Reg. 81666), without regard to any other provi-sion of statute or regulation that applies to issuance of such rule. Such reissuance (includ-ing this subsection) shall not be subject to judi-cial review. 
GRAY WOLVES RANGE -WIDE S
EC. 117. (a) Not later than the end of fiscal year 2019, and except as provided in subsection 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00126 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.039 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6391 July 17, 2018 
(b), the Secretary of the Interior shall issue a rule to remove the gray wolf (Canis lupus) in each of the 48 contiguous States of the United States and the District of Columbia from the List of Endangered and Threatened Wildlife in section 17.11 of title 50, Code of Federal Regula-tions, without regard to any other provision of statute or regulation that applies to issuance of such rule. (b) Such issuance (including this section)— (1) shall not be subject to judicial review; and (2) shall not affect the inclusion of the sub-species classified as the Mexican gray wolf (Canis lupus baileyi) of the species gray wolf (Canis lupus) in such list. 
TRIBAL SOVEREIGNTY  S
EC. 118. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to enforce, refer for enforcement, or to assist any other agency in enforcing section 251 of title 25, United States Code. 
CONTRIBUTION AUTHORITY  S
EC. 119. Section 113 of Division G of Public Law 113–76 is amended by striking ‘‘2019,’’ and inserting ‘‘2024,’’. 
PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR CERTAIN  
HISTORIC DESIGNATION  S
EC. 120. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to make a determination of eligibility or to list the Trestles Historic District, San Diego County, California, on the National Register of Historic Places. 
INDIANA DUNES NATIONAL LAKESHORE RETITLED ; 
PAUL H . DOUGLAS TRAIL REDESIGNATION  S
EC. 121. (a) I NDIANA DUNES NATIONAL LAKE S
HORE RETITLED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Public Law 89–761 (16 U.S.C. 460u et seq.) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘National Lakeshore’’ and ‘‘national lakeshore’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘National Park’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘lakeshore’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘Park’’. (2) N
ONAPPLICATION .—The amendment made by subsection (a)(1) shall not apply to— (A) the title of the map referred to in the first section of Public Law 89–761 (16 U.S.C. 460u); and (B) the title of the maps referred to in section 4 of Public Law 89–761 (16 U.S.C. 460u–3). (b) P
AUL H. D OUGLAS TRAIL REDESIGNA -
TION.—The 1.6 mile trail within the Indiana Dunes National Park designated the ‘‘Miller- Woods Trail’’ is hereby redesignated as the ‘‘Paul H. Douglas Trail’’. 
RESTRICTION ON USE OF FUNDS RELATED TO  
WATER RIGHTS  S
EC. 122. None of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used— (1) to condition the issuance, renewal, amend-ment, or extension of any permit, approval, li-cense, lease, allotment, easement, right-of-way, or other land use or occupancy agreement on the transfer of any water right, including sole and joint ownership, directly to the United States, or any impairment of title, in whole or in part, granted or otherwise recognized under State law, by Federal or State adjudication, de-cree, or other judgment, or pursuant to any interstate water compact; or (2) to require any water user to apply for or acquire a water right in the name of the United States under State law as a condition of the issuance, renewal, amendment, or extension of any permit, approval, license, lease, allotment, easement, right-of-way, or other land use or oc-cupancy agreement. TITLE II ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY S
CIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY  
(INCLUDING RESCISSION OF FUNDS)  For science and technology, including re-search and development activities, which shall include research and development activities under the Comprehensive Environmental Re-sponse, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980; necessary expenses for personnel and related costs and travel expenses; procurement of lab-oratory equipment and supplies; and other oper-ating expenses in support of research and devel-opment, $651,113,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That of the funds included under this heading, $4,100,000 shall be for Research: National Priorities as specified in the report accompanying this Act: Provided fur-ther, That of unobligated balances from appro-priations made available under this heading, $7,350,000 are permanently rescinded. ENVIRONMENTAL PROGRAMS AND MANAGEMENT  
(INCLUDING RESCISSION OF FUNDS)  For environmental programs and manage-ment, including necessary expenses, not other-wise provided for, for personnel and related costs and travel expenses; hire of passenger motor vehicles; hire, maintenance, and oper-ation of aircraft; purchase of reprints; library memberships in societies or associations which issue publications to members only or at a price to members lower than to subscribers who are not members; administrative costs of the brownfields program under the Small Business Liability Relief and Brownfields Revitalization Act of 2002; implementation of a coal combustion residual permit program under section 2301 of the Water and Waste Act of 2016; and not to ex-ceed $19,000 for official reception and represen-tation expenses, $2,473,282,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2020: Provided, That of the amounts provided under this heading, the Chemical Risk Review and Reduction program project shall be allocated for this fiscal year, ex-cluding the amount of any fees made available, not less than the amount of appropriations for that program project for fiscal year 2014: Pro-vided further, That of the funds included under this heading, $12,700,000 shall be for Environ-mental Protection: National Priorities as speci-fied in the report accompanying this Act: Pro-vided further, That of the funds included under this heading, $434,857,000 shall be for Geo-graphic Programs specified in the report accom-panying this Act: Provided further, That of the unobligated balances from appropriations made available under this heading, $40,000,000 are permanently rescinded. O
FFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $41,489,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020. B
UILDINGS AND FACILITIES  For construction, repair, improvement, exten-sion, alteration, and purchase of fixed equip-ment or facilities of, or for use by, the Environ-mental Protection Agency, $39,553,000, to remain available until expended. H
AZARDOUS SUBSTANCE SUPERFUND  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses to carry out the Com-prehensive Environmental Response, Compensa-tion, and Liability Act of 1980 (CERCLA), in-cluding sections 111(c)(3), (c)(5), (c)(6), and (e)(4) (42 U.S.C. 9611) $1,127,090,000, to remain available until expended, consisting of such sums as are available in the Trust Fund on Sep-tember 30, 2018, as authorized by section 517(a) of the Superfund Amendments and Reauthoriza-tion Act of 1986 (SARA) and up to $1,127,090,000 as a payment from general revenues to the Haz-ardous Substance Superfund for purposes as au-thorized by section 517(b) of SARA: Provided, That funds appropriated under this heading may be allocated to other Federal agencies in accordance with section 111(a) of CERCLA: Pro-vided further, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, $8,778,000 shall be paid to the ‘‘Office of Inspector General’’ appropriation to remain available until September 30, 2020, and $15,496,000 shall be paid to the ‘‘Science and Technology’’ appropriation to remain avail-able until September 30, 2020. LEAKING UNDERGROUND STORAGE TANKTRUST F
UNDPROGRAM  For necessary expenses to carry out leaking underground storage tank cleanup activities au-thorized by subtitle I of the Solid Waste Dis-posal Act, $91,941,000, to remain available until expended, of which $66,572,000 shall be for car-rying out leaking underground storage tank cleanup activities authorized by section 9003(h) of the Solid Waste Disposal Act; $25,369,000 shall be for carrying out the other provisions of the Solid Waste Disposal Act specified in section 9508(c) of the Internal Revenue Code: Provided, That the Administrator is authorized to use ap-propriations made available under this heading to implement section 9013 of the Solid Waste Dis-posal Act to provide financial assistance to fed-erally recognized Indian tribes for the develop-ment and implementation of programs to man-age underground storage tanks. I
NLAND OILSPILLPROGRAMS  For expenses necessary to carry out the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency’s responsibilities under the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, $18,209,000, to be derived from the Oil Spill Liability trust fund, to remain available until expended. S
TATE AND TRIBAL ASSISTANCE GRANTS  For environmental programs and infrastruc-ture assistance, including capitalization grants for State revolving funds and performance part-nership grants, $3,588,161,000, to remain avail-able until expended, of which— (1) $1,393,887,000 shall be for making capital-ization grants for the Clean Water State Revolv-ing Funds under title VI of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act; and of which $863,233,000 shall be for making capitalization grants for the Drinking Water State Revolving Funds under section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act: Provided, That for fiscal year 2019, funds made available under this title to each State for Clean Water State Revolving Fund capitalization grants and for Drinking Water State Revolving Fund capitalization grants may, at the discre-tion of each State, be used for projects to ad-dress green infrastructure, water or energy effi-ciency improvements, or other environmentally innovative activities: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 603(d)(7) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, the limitation on the amounts in a State water pollution control revolving fund that may be used by a State to administer the fund shall not apply to amounts included as principal in loans made by such fund in fiscal year 2019 and prior years where such amounts represent costs of administering the fund to the extent that such amounts are or were deemed reasonable by the Administrator, accounted for separately from other assets in the fund, and used for eligible purposes of the fund, including administration: Provided fur-ther, That for fiscal year 2019, notwithstanding the provisions of subsections (g)(1), (h), and (l) of section 201 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, grants made under title II of such Act for American Samoa, Guam, the common-wealth of the Northern Marianas, the United States Virgin Islands, and the District of Colum-bia may also be made for the purpose of pro-viding assistance: (1) solely for facility plans, design activities, or plans, specifications, and estimates for any proposed project for the con-struction of treatment works; and (2) for the construction, repair, or replacement of privately owned treatment works serving one or more principal residences or small commercial estab-lishments: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2019, notwithstanding the provisions of such subsections (g)(1), (h), and (l) of section 201 and section 518(c) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, funds reserved by the Adminis-trator for grants under section 518(c) of the Fed-eral Water Pollution Control Act may also be used to provide assistance: (1) solely for facility 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00127 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.039 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6392 July 17, 2018 
plans, design activities, or plans, specifications, and estimates for any proposed project for the construction of treatment works; and (2) for the construction, repair, or replacement of privately owned treatment works serving one or more principal residences or small commercial estab-lishments: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2019, notwithstanding any provision of the Fed-eral Water Pollution Control Act and regula-tions issued pursuant thereof, up to a total of $2,000,000 of the funds reserved by the Adminis-trator for grants under section 518(c) of such Act may also be used for grants for training, technical assistance, and educational programs relating to the operation and management of the treatment works specified in section 518(c) of such Act: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2019, funds reserved under section 518(c) of such Act shall be available for grants only to Indian tribes, as defined in section 518(h) of such Act and former Indian reservations in Oklahoma (as determined by the Secretary of the Interior) and Native Villages as defined in Public Law 92–203: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2019, not-withstanding the limitation on amounts in sec-tion 518(c) of the Federal Water Pollution Con-trol Act, up to a total of 2 percent of the funds appropriated, or $30,000,000, whichever is great-er, and notwithstanding the limitation on amounts in section 1452(i) of the Safe Drinking Water Act, up to a total of 2 percent of the funds appropriated, or $20,000,000, whichever is greater, for State Revolving Funds under such Acts may be reserved by the Administrator for grants under section 518(c) and section 1452(i) of such Acts: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2019, notwithstanding the amounts specified in section 205(c) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, up to 1.5 percent of the aggregate funds appropriated for the Clean Water State Revolving Fund program under the Act less any sums reserved under section 518(c) of the Act, may be reserved by the Administrator for grants made under title II of the Federal Water Pollu-tion Control Act for American Samoa, Guam, the Commonwealth of the Northern Marianas, and United States Virgin Islands: Provided fur-ther, That for fiscal year 2019, notwithstanding the limitations on amounts specified in section 1452(j) of the Safe Drinking Water Act, up to 1.5 percent of the funds appropriated for the Drink-ing Water State Revolving Fund programs under the Safe Drinking Water Act may be reserved by the Administrator for grants made under section 1452(j) of the Safe Drinking Water Act: Provided further, That 10 percent of the funds made available under this title to each State for Clean Water State Revolving Fund capitalization grants and 20 percent of the funds made avail-able under this title to each State for Drinking Water State Revolving Fund capitalization grants shall be used by the State to provide ad-ditional subsidy to eligible recipients in the form of forgiveness of principal, negative interest loans, or grants (or any combination of these), and shall be so used by the State only where such funds are provided as initial financing for an eligible recipient or to buy, refinance, or re-structure the debt obligations of eligible recipi-ents only where such debt was incurred on or after the date of enactment of this Act; (2) $10,000,000 shall be for architectural, engi-neering, planning, design, construction and re-lated activities in connection with the construc-tion of high priority water and wastewater fa-cilities in the area of the United States-Mexico Border, after consultation with the appropriate border commission: Provided, That no funds provided by this appropriations Act to address the water, wastewater and other critical infra-structure needs of the colonias in the United States along the United States-Mexico border shall be made available to a county or municipal government unless that government has estab-lished an enforceable local ordinance, or other zoning rule, which prevents in that jurisdiction the development or construction of any addi-tional colonia areas, or the development within an existing colonia the construction of any new home, business, or other structure which lacks water, wastewater, or other necessary infra-structure; (3) $20,000,000 shall be for grants to the State of Alaska to address drinking water and waste-water infrastructure needs of rural and Alaska Native Villages: Provided, That of these funds: (A) the State of Alaska shall provide a match of 25 percent; (B) no more than 5 percent of the funds may be used for administrative and over-head expenses; and (C) the State of Alaska shall make awards consistent with the Statewide pri-ority list established in conjunction with the Agency and the U.S. Department of Agriculture for all water, sewer, waste disposal, and similar projects carried out by the State of Alaska that are funded under section 221 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1301) or the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1921 et seq.) which shall allocate not less than 25 percent of the funds provided for projects in regional hub communities; (4) $80,000,000 shall be to carry out section 104(k) of the Comprehensive Environmental Re-sponse, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (CERCLA), including grants, interagency agree-ments, and associated program support costs: Provided, That not more than 25 percent of the amount appropriated to carry out section 104(k) of CERCLA shall be used for site characteriza-tion, assessment, and remediation of facilities described in section 101(39)(D)(ii)(II) of CERCLA: Provided further, That at least 10 per-cent shall be allocated for assistance in per-sistent poverty counties: Provided further That for purposes of this section, the term ‘‘persistent poverty counties’’ means any county that has had 20 percent or more of its population living in poverty over the past 30 years, as measured by the 1990 and 2000 decennial censuses and the most recent Small Area Income and Poverty Es-timates; (5) $100,000,000 shall be for grants under title VII, subtitle G of the Energy Policy Act of 2005; (6) $55,000,000 shall be for targeted airshed grants in accordance with the terms and condi-tions in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act); (7) $1,066,041,000 shall be for grants, including associated program support costs, to States, fed-erally recognized tribes, interstate agencies, trib-al consortia, and air pollution control agencies for multi-media or single media pollution pre-vention, control and abatement and related ac-tivities, including activities pursuant to the pro-visions set forth under this heading in Public Law 104–134, and for making grants under sec-tion 103 of the Clean Air Act for particulate matter monitoring and data collection activities subject to terms and conditions specified by the Administrator, of which: $47,745,000 shall be for carrying out section 128 of CERCLA; $9,646,000 shall be for Environmental Information Ex-change Network grants, including associated program support costs; $1,498,000 shall be for grants to States under section 2007(f)(2) of the Solid Waste Disposal Act, which shall be in ad-dition to funds appropriated under the heading ‘‘Leaking Underground Storage Tank Trust Fund Program’’ to carry out the provisions of the Solid Waste Disposal Act specified in section 9508(c) of the Internal Revenue Code other than section 9003(h) of the Solid Waste Disposal Act; $17,848,000 of the funds available for grants under section 106 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act shall be for State participation in national- and State-level statistical surveys of water resources and enhancements to State monitoring programs. W
ATER INFRASTRUCTURE FINANCE AND  I
NNOVATION PROGRAM ACCOUNT  For the cost of direct loans and for the cost of guaranteed loans, as authorized by the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act of 2014, $45,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as de-fined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That these funds are available to subsidize gross obligations for the principal amount of direct loans, including capitalized interest, and total loan principal, in-cluding capitalized interest, any part of which is to be guaranteed, not to exceed $5,488,000,000. In addition, fees authorized to be collected pursuant to sections 5029 and 5030 of the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act of 2014 shall be deposited in this account, to re-main available until expended, for the purposes provided in such sections. In addition, for administrative expenses to carry out the direct and guaranteed loan pro-grams, notwithstanding section 5033 of the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act of 2014, $5,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —ENVIRONMENTAL  P
ROTECTION AGENCY  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS AND RESCISSION OF  
FUNDS)  For fiscal year 2019, notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 6303(1) and 6305(1), the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, in car-rying out the Agency’s function to implement directly Federal environmental programs re-quired or authorized by law in the absence of an acceptable tribal program, may award coopera-tive agreements to federally recognized Indian tribes or Intertribal consortia, if authorized by their member tribes, to assist the Administrator in implementing Federal environmental pro-grams for Indian tribes required or authorized by law, except that no such cooperative agree-ments may be awarded from funds designated for State financial assistance agreements. The Administrator of the Environmental Pro-tection Agency is authorized to collect and obli-gate pesticide registration service fees in accord-ance with section 33 of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act, as amended by Public Law 112–177, the Pesticide Registration Improvement Extension Act of 2012. Notwithstanding section 33(d)(2) of the Fed-eral Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (FIFRA) (7 U.S.C. 136w–8(d)(2)), the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency may assess fees under section 33 of FIFRA (7 U.S.C. 136w–8) for fiscal year 2019. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, in addition to the activities specified in section 33 of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (FIFRA) (7 U.S.C. 136w–8), fees collected in this and prior fiscal years under such section shall be available for the following activities as they relate to pesticide licensing: processing and review of data submitted in asso-ciation with a registration, information sub-mitted pursuant to section 6(a)(2) of FIFRA, supplemental distributor labels, transfers of reg-istrations and data compensation rights, addi-tional uses registered by States under section 24(c) of FIFRA, data compensation petitions, re-view of minor amendments, and notifications; laboratory support and audits; administrative support; development of policy and guidance; rulemaking support; information collection ac-tivities; and the portions of salaries related to work in these areas. The Administrator is authorized to transfer up to $300,000,000 of the funds appropriated for the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative under the heading ‘‘Environmental Programs and Man-agement’’ to the head of any Federal depart-ment or agency, with the concurrence of such head, to carry out activities that would support the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative and Great Lakes Water Quality Agreement pro-grams, projects, or activities; to enter into an interagency agreement with the head of such Federal department or agency to carry out these activities; and to make grants to governmental entities, nonprofit organizations, institutions, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00128 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.039 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6393 July 17, 2018 
and individuals for planning, research, moni-toring, outreach, and implementation in fur-therance of the Great Lakes Restoration Initia-tive and the Great Lakes Water Quality Agree-ment. The Administrator of the Environmental Pro-tection Agency is authorized to collect and obli-gate fees in accordance with section 26(b) of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2625(b)) for fiscal year 2019. The Administrator of the Environmental Pro-tection Agency is authorized to collect and obli-gate fees in accordance with section 3204 of the Solid Waste Disposal Act (42 U.S.C. 6939g) for fiscal year 2019. The Science and Technology, Environmental Programs and Management, Office of Inspector General, Hazardous Substance Superfund, and Leaking Underground Storage Tank Trust Fund Program Accounts, are available for the con-struction, alteration, repair, rehabilitation, and renovation of facilities, provided that the cost does not exceed $150,000 per project. For fiscal year 2019, and notwithstanding sec-tion 518(f) of the Federal Water Pollution Con-trol Act (33 U.S.C. 1377(f)), the Administrator is authorized to use the amounts appropriated for any fiscal year under section 319 of the Act to make grants to Indian tribes pursuant to sec-tions 319(h) and 518(e) of that Act. Of the unobligated balances available for the ‘‘State and Tribal Assistance Grants’’ account, $75,000,000 are hereby permanently rescinded: Provided, That no amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Con-gress as an emergency requirement pursuant to the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Con-trol Act of 1985. Notwithstanding the limitations on amounts in section 320(i)(2)(B) of the Federal Water Pol-lution Control Act, not less than $1,500,000 of the funds made available under this title for the National Estuary Program shall be for making competitive awards described in section 320(g)(4). The Administrator of the Environmental Pro-tection Agency is not authorized to obligate or expend more than $50 of the funds made avail-able under this title for the purchase of any in-dividual fountain pen. TITLE III RELATED AGENCIES DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE 
OFFICE OF THE UNDER SECRETARY FOR NATURAL  
RESOURCES AND ENVIRONMENT  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Under Secretary for Natural Resources and En-vironment, $875,000: Provided, That funds made available by this Act to any agency in the Nat-ural Resources and Environment mission area for salaries and expenses are available to fund up to one administrative support staff for the office. F
OREST SERVICE  
FOREST AND RANGELAND RESEARCH  For necessary expenses of forest and range-land research as authorized by law, $297,000,000, to remain available through September 30, 2020: Provided, That of the funds provided, $77,000,000 is for the forest inventory and anal-ysis program. 
STATE AND PRIVATE FORESTRY  For necessary expenses of cooperating with and providing technical and financial assist-ance to States, territories, possessions, and oth-ers, and for forest health management, and con-ducting an international program as authorized, $334,945,000, to remain available through Sep-tember 30, 2020, as authorized by law; of which $48,445,000 is to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund to be used for the Forest Legacy Program, to remain available until expended. NATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM  For necessary expenses of the Forest Service, not otherwise provided for, for management, protection, improvement, and utilization of the National Forest System, and for hazardous fuels management on or adjacent to such lands, $1,972,000,000, to remain available through Sep-tember 30, 2020: Provided, That of the funds pro-vided, $40,000,000 shall be deposited in the Col-laborative Forest Landscape Restoration Fund for ecological restoration treatments as author-ized by 16 U.S.C. 7303(f): Provided further, That of the funds provided, $380,000,000 shall be for forest products: Provided further, That of the funds provided, $450,000,000 shall be for haz-ardous fuels management activities, of which not to exceed $15,000,000 may be used to make grants, using any authorities available to the Forest Service under the ‘‘State and Private Forestry’’ appropriation, for the purpose of cre-ating incentives for increased use of biomass from National Forest System lands: Provided further, That $15,000,000 may be used by the Secretary of Agriculture to enter into procure-ment contracts or cooperative agreements or to issue grants for hazardous fuels management activities, and for training or monitoring associ-ated with such hazardous fuels management ac-tivities on Federal land, or on non-Federal land if the Secretary determines such activities ben-efit resources on Federal land: Provided further, That funds made available to implement the Community Forestry Restoration Act, Public Law 106–393, title VI, shall be available for use on non-Federal lands in accordance with au-thorities made available to the Forest Service under the ‘‘State and Private Forestry’’ appro-priations. 
CAPITAL IMPROVEMENT AND MAINTENANCE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Forest Service, not otherwise provided for, $499,000,000, to re-main available through September 30, 2020, for construction, capital improvement, maintenance and acquisition of buildings and other facilities and infrastructure; and for construction, recon-struction, decommissioning of roads that are no longer needed, including unauthorized roads that are not part of the transportation system, and maintenance of forest roads and trails by the Forest Service as authorized by 16 U.S.C. 532–538 and 23 U.S.C. 101 and 205: Provided, That funds becoming available in fiscal year 2019 under the Act of March 4, 1913 (16 U.S.C. 501) shall be transferred to the General Fund of the Treasury and shall not be available for transfer or obligation for any other purpose un-less the funds are appropriated. 
LAND ACQUISITION  For expenses necessary to carry out the provi-sions of chapter 2003 of title 54, United States Code, including administrative expenses, and for acquisition of land or waters, or interest therein, in accordance with statutory authority applicable to the Forest Service, $34,761,000, to be derived from the Land and Water Conserva-tion Fund and to remain available until ex-pended. 
ACQUISITION OF LANDS FOR NATIONAL FORESTS  
SPECIAL ACTS  For acquisition of lands within the exterior boundaries of the Cache, Uinta, and Wasatch National Forests, Utah; the Toiyabe National Forest, Nevada; and the Angeles, San Bernardino, Sequoia, and Cleveland National Forests, California; and the Ozark-St. Francis and Ouachita National Forests, Arkansas; as authorized by law, $700,000, to be derived from forest receipts. 
ACQUISITION OF LANDS TO COMPLETE LAND  
EXCHANGES  For acquisition of lands, such sums, to be de-rived from funds deposited by State, county, or municipal governments, public school districts, or other public school authorities, and for au-thorized expenditures from funds deposited by non-Federal parties pursuant to Land Sale and Exchange Acts, pursuant to the Act of December 4, 1967 (16 U.S.C. 484a), to remain available through September 30, 2020, (16 U.S.C. 516–617a, 555a; Public Law 96–586; Public Law 76–589, 76– 591; and Public Law 78–310). RANGE BETTERMENT FUND  For necessary expenses of range rehabilita-tion, protection, and improvement, 50 percent of all moneys received during the prior fiscal year, as fees for grazing domestic livestock on lands in National Forests in the 16 Western States, pur-suant to section 401(b)(1) of Public Law 94–579, to remain available through September 30, 2020, of which not to exceed 6 percent shall be avail-able for administrative expenses associated with on-the-ground range rehabilitation, protection, and improvements. 
GIFTS , DONATIONS AND BEQUESTS FOR FOREST  
AND RANGELAND RESEARCH  For expenses authorized by 16 U.S.C. 1643(b), $45,000, to remain available through September 30, 2020, to be derived from the fund established pursuant to the above Act. 
MANAGEMENT OF NATIONAL FOREST LANDS FOR  
SUBSISTENCE USES  For necessary expenses of the Forest Service to manage Federal lands in Alaska for subsist-ence uses under title VIII of the Alaska Na-tional Interest Lands Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 3111 et seq.), $1,850,000, to remain avail-able through September 30, 2020. 
WILDLAND FIRE MANAGEMENT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for forest fire presuppression activities on National Forest System lands, for emergency wildland fire sup-pression on or adjacent to such lands or other lands under fire protection agreement, and for emergency rehabilitation of burned-over Na-tional Forest System lands and water, $3,004,986,000, to remain available through Sep-tember 30, 2020: Provided, That such funds in-cluding unobligated balances under this head-ing, are available for repayment of advances from other appropriations accounts previously transferred for such purposes: Provided further, That any unobligated funds appropriated in a previous fiscal year for hazardous fuels manage-ment may be transferred to the ‘‘National Forest System’’ account: Provided further, That such funds shall be available to reimburse State and other cooperating entities for services provided in response to wildfire and other emergencies or disasters to the extent such reimbursements by the Forest Service for non-fire emergencies are fully repaid by the responsible emergency man-agement agency: Provided further, That funds provided shall be available for support to Fed-eral emergency response: Provided further, That the costs of implementing any cooperative agree-ment between the Federal Government and any non-Federal entity may be shared, as mutually agreed on by the affected parties: Provided fur-ther, That funds designated for wildfire sup-pression shall be assessed for cost pools on the same basis as such assessments are calculated against other agency programs. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —FOREST SERVICE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  Appropriations to the Forest Service for the current fiscal year shall be available for: (1) purchase of passenger motor vehicles; acquisi-tion of passenger motor vehicles from excess sources, and hire of such vehicles; purchase, lease, operation, maintenance, and acquisition of aircraft to maintain the operable fleet for use in Forest Service wildland fire programs and other Forest Service programs; notwithstanding other provisions of law, existing aircraft being replaced may be sold, with proceeds derived or trade-in value used to offset the purchase price for the replacement aircraft; (2) services pursu-ant to 7 U.S.C. 2225, and not to exceed $100,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00129 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.039 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6394 July 17, 2018 
for employment under 5 U.S.C. 3109; (3) pur-chase, erection, and alteration of buildings and other public improvements (7 U.S.C. 2250); (4) acquisition of land, waters, and interests there-in pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 428a; (5) for expenses pursuant to the Volunteers in the National For-est Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 558a, 558d, and 558a note); (6) the cost of uniforms as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902; and (7) for debt collection contracts in accordance with 31 U.S.C. 3718(c). Any appropriations or funds available to the Forest Service may be transferred to the Wildland Fire Management appropriation for forest firefighting, emergency rehabilitation of burned-over or damaged lands or waters under its jurisdiction, and fire preparedness due to se-vere burning conditions upon the Secretary’s notification of the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations that all fire suppression funds appropriated under the heading ‘‘Wildland Fire Management’’ will be obligated within 30 days: Provided, That all funds used pursuant to this paragraph must be replenished by a supplemental appropriation which must be requested as promptly as possible. Not more than $50,000,000 of funds appro-priated to the Forest Service shall be available for expenditure or transfer to the Department of the Interior for wildland fire management, haz-ardous fuels management, and State fire assist-ance when such transfers would facilitate and expedite wildland fire management programs and projects. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, the Forest Service may transfer unobligated balances of discretionary funds appropriated to the Forest Service by this Act to or within the National Forest System Account, or reprogram funds to be used for the purposes of hazardous fuels management and urgent rehabilitation of burned-over National Forest System lands and water, such transferred funds shall remain available through September 30, 2020: Provided, That none of the funds transferred pursuant to this section shall be available for obligation without written notification to and the prior ap-proval of the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress: Provided further, That this section does not apply to funds derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund. Funds appropriated to the Forest Service shall be available for assistance to or through the Agency for International Development in con-nection with forest and rangeland research, technical information, and assistance in foreign countries, and shall be available to support for-estry and related natural resource activities out-side the United States and its territories and possessions, including technical assistance, edu-cation and training, and cooperation with U.S., private, and international organizations. The Forest Service, acting for the International Pro-gram, may sign direct funding agreements with foreign governments and institutions as well as other domestic agencies (including the U.S. Agency for International Development, the De-partment of State, and the Millennium Chal-lenge Corporation), U.S. private sector firms, in-stitutions and organizations to provide technical assistance and training programs overseas on forestry and rangeland management. Funds appropriated to the Forest Service shall be available for expenditure or transfer to the Department of the Interior, Bureau of Land Management, for removal, preparation, and adoption of excess wild horses and burros from National Forest System lands, and for the per-formance of cadastral surveys to designate the boundaries of such lands. None of the funds made available to the For-est Service in this Act or any other Act with re-spect to any fiscal year shall be subject to trans-fer under the provisions of section 702(b) of the Department of Agriculture Organic Act of 1944 (7 U.S.C. 2257), section 442 of Public Law 106– 224 (7 U.S.C. 7772), or section 10417(b) of Public Law 107–171 (7 U.S.C. 8316(b)). None of the funds available to the Forest Service may be reprogrammed without the ad-vance approval of the House and Senate Com-mittees on Appropriations in accordance with the reprogramming procedures contained in the report accompanying this Act. Not more than $82,000,000 of funds available to the Forest Service shall be transferred to the Working Capital Fund of the Department of Ag-riculture and not more than $14,500,000 of funds available to the Forest Service shall be trans-ferred to the Department of Agriculture for De-partment Reimbursable Programs, commonly re-ferred to as Greenbook charges. Nothing in this paragraph shall prohibit or limit the use of re-imbursable agreements requested by the Forest Service in order to obtain services from the De-partment of Agriculture’s National Information Technology Center and the Department of Agri-culture’s International Technology Service. Of the funds available to the Forest Service, up to $5,000,000 shall be available for priority projects within the scope of the approved budg-et, which shall be carried out by the Youth Con-servation Corps and shall be carried out under the authority of the Public Lands Corps Act of 1993 (16 U.S.C. 1721 et seq.). Of the funds available to the Forest Service, $4,000 is available to the Chief of the Forest Service for official reception and representation expenses. Pursuant to sections 405(b) and 410(b) of Pub-lic Law 101–593, of the funds available to the Forest Service, up to $3,000,000 may be advanced in a lump sum to the National Forest Founda-tion to aid conservation partnership projects in support of the Forest Service mission, without regard to when the Foundation incurs expenses, for projects on or benefitting National Forest System lands or related to Forest Service pro-grams: Provided, That of the Federal funds made available to the Foundation, no more than $300,000 shall be available for administrative ex-penses: Provided further, That the Foundation shall obtain, by the end of the period of Federal financial assistance, private contributions to match funds made available by the Forest Serv-ice on at least a one-for-one basis: Provided fur-ther, That the Foundation may transfer Federal funds to a Federal or a non-Federal recipient for a project at the same rate that the recipient has obtained the non-Federal matching funds. Funds appropriated to the Forest Service shall be available for interactions with and providing technical assistance to rural communities and natural resource-based businesses for sustain-able rural development purposes. Funds appropriated to the Forest Service shall be available for payments to counties within the Columbia River Gorge National Scenic Area, pursuant to section 14(c)(1) and (2), and section 16(a)(2) of Public Law 99–663. Any funds appropriated to the Forest Service may be used to meet the non-Federal share re-quirement in section 502(c) of the Older Ameri-cans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3056(c)(2)). The Forest Service shall not assess funds for the purpose of performing fire, administrative, and other facilities maintenance and decommis-sioning. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, of any appropriations or funds available to the Forest Service, not to exceed $500,000 may be used to reimburse the Office of the General Counsel (OGC), Department of Agriculture, for travel and related expenses incurred as a result of OGC assistance or participation requested by the Forest Service at meetings, training sessions, management reviews, land purchase negotia-tions and similar matters unrelated to civil liti-gation. Future budget justifications for both the Forest Service and the Department of Agri-culture should clearly display the sums pre-viously transferred and the sums requested for transfer. An eligible individual who is employed in any project funded under title V of the Older Ameri-cans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3056 et seq.) and ad-ministered by the Forest Service shall be consid-ered to be a Federal employee for purposes of chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, through the Office of Budget and Program Analysis, the Forest Service shall report no later than 30 business days following the close of each fiscal quarter all current and prior year unobligated balances, by fiscal year, budget line item and account, to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations. DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES I
NDIAN HEALTH SERVICE  
INDIAN HEALTH SERVICES  For expenses necessary to carry out the Act of August 5, 1954 (68 Stat. 674), the Indian Self-De-termination and Education Assistance Act, the Indian Health Care Improvement Act, and titles II and III of the Public Health Service Act with respect to the Indian Health Service, $4,202,639,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020, except as otherwise provided herein, together with payments received during the fiscal year pursuant to sections 231(b) and 233 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 238(b), 238b), for services furnished by the In-dian Health Service: Provided, That funds made available to tribes and tribal organizations through contracts, grant agreements, or any other agreements or compacts authorized by the Indian Self-Determination and Education As-sistance Act of 1975 (25 U.S.C. 450), shall be deemed to be obligated at the time of the grant or contract award and thereafter shall remain available to the tribe or tribal organization without fiscal year limitation: Provided further, That $2,000,000 shall be available for grants or contracts with public or private institutions to provide alcohol or drug treatment services to In-dians, including alcohol detoxification services: Provided further, That $964,819,000 for Pur-chased/Referred Care, including $53,000,000 for the Indian Catastrophic Health Emergency Fund, shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That of the funds provided, up to $55,700,000 shall remain available until ex-pended for implementation of the loan repay-ment program under section 108 of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act: Provided further, That of the funds provided, $18,000,000 shall re-main available until expended to supplement funds available for operational costs at tribal clinics operated under an Indian Self-Deter-mination and Education Assistance Act compact or contract where health care is delivered in space acquired through a full service lease, which is not eligible for maintenance and im-provement and equipment funds from the Indian Health Service, and $58,000,000 shall be for costs related to or resulting from accreditation emer-gencies, of which up to $4,000,000 may be used to supplement amounts otherwise available for Purchased/Referred Care: Provided further, That the amounts collected by the Federal Gov-ernment as authorized by sections 104 and 108 of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act (25 U.S.C. 1613a and 1616a) during the preceding fiscal year for breach of contracts shall be de-posited to the Fund authorized by section 108A of that Act (25 U.S.C. 1616a–1) and shall remain available until expended and, notwithstanding section 108A(c) of that Act (25 U.S.C. 1616a– 1(c)), funds shall be available to make new awards under the loan repayment and scholar-ship programs under sections 104 and 108 of that Act (25 U.S.C. 1613a and 1616a): Provided fur-ther, That the amounts made available within this account for the Substance Abuse and Sui-cide Prevention Program, for the Domestic Vio-lence Prevention Program, for the Zero Suicide Initiative, for the housing subsidy authority for civilian employees, for aftercare pilot programs at Youth Regional Treatment Centers, to im-prove collections from public and private insur-ance at Indian Health Service and tribally oper-ated facilities, and for accreditation emergencies 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00130 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.039 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6395 July 17, 2018 
shall be allocated at the discretion of the Direc-tor of the Indian Health Service and shall re-main available until expended: Provided fur-ther, That funds provided in this Act may be used for annual contracts and grants for which the performance period falls within 2 fiscal years, provided the total obligation is recorded in the year the funds are appropriated: Pro-vided further, That the amounts collected by the Secretary of Health and Human Services under the authority of title IV of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act shall remain available until expended for the purpose of achieving compliance with the applicable conditions and requirements of titles XVIII and XIX of the So-cial Security Act, except for those related to the planning, design, or construction of new facili-ties: Provided further, That funding contained herein for scholarship programs under the In-dian Health Care Improvement Act shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That amounts received by tribes and tribal orga-nizations under title IV of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act shall be reported and ac-counted for and available to the receiving tribes and tribal organizations until expended: Pro-vided further, That the Bureau of Indian Af-fairs may collect from the Indian Health Serv-ice, and from tribes and tribal organizations op-erating health facilities pursuant to Public Law 93–638, such individually identifiable health in-formation relating to disabled children as may be necessary for the purpose of carrying out its functions under the Individuals with Disabil-ities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.): Pro-vided further, That of the funds provided, $125,666,000 is for the Indian Health Care Im-provement Fund and may be used, as needed, to carry out activities typically funded under the Indian Health Facilities account: Provided fur-ther, That the accreditation emergency funds may be used, as needed, to carry out activities typically funded under the Indian Health Fa-cilities account. 
CONTRACT SUPPORT COSTS  For payments to tribes and tribal organiza-tions for contract support costs associated with Indian Self-Determination and Education As-sistance Act agreements with the Indian Health Service for fiscal year 2019, such sums as may be necessary, which shall be available for obliga-tion through September 30, 2020: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, no amounts made available under this heading shall be available for transfer to another budget account. 
INDIAN HEALTH FACILITIES  For construction, repair, maintenance, im-provement, and equipment of health and related auxiliary facilities, including quarters for per-sonnel; preparation of plans, specifications, and drawings; acquisition of sites, purchase and erection of modular buildings, and purchases of trailers; and for provision of domestic and com-munity sanitation facilities for Indians, as au-thorized by section 7 of the Act of August 5, 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2004a), the Indian Self-Determination Act, and the Indian Health Care Improvement Act, and for expenses necessary to carry out such Acts and titles II and III of the Public Health Service Act with respect to environ-mental health and facilities support activities of the Indian Health Service, $882,748,000, to re-main available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds appropriated for the planning, design, construction, renovation or expansion of health facilities for the benefit of an Indian tribe or tribes may be used to purchase land on which such facilities will be located: Provided further, That not to exceed $500,000 may be used by the Indian Health Service to purchase TRANSAM equipment from the Department of Defense for distribution to the Indian Health Service and tribal facilities: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated to the Indian Health Service may be used for sanitation facilities con-struction for new homes funded with grants by the housing programs of the United States De-partment of Housing and Urban Development: Provided further, That not to exceed $2,700,000 from this account and the ‘‘Indian Health Serv-ices’’ account may be used by the Indian Health Service to obtain ambulances for the Indian Health Service and tribal facilities in conjunc-tion with an existing interagency agreement be-tween the Indian Health Service and the Gen-eral Services Administration: Provided further, That not to exceed $500,000 may be placed in a Demolition Fund, to remain available until ex-pended, and be used by the Indian Health Serv-ice for the demolition of Federal buildings. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —INDIAN HEALTH  
SERVICE  Appropriations provided in this Act to the In-dian Health Service shall be available for serv-ices as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 at rates not to exceed the per diem rate equivalent to the maximum rate payable for senior-level positions under 5 U.S.C. 5376; hire of passenger motor ve-hicles and aircraft; purchase of medical equip-ment; purchase of reprints; purchase, renova-tion and erection of modular buildings and ren-ovation of existing facilities; payments for tele-phone service in private residences in the field, when authorized under regulations approved by the Secretary of Health and Human Services; uniforms or allowances therefor as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902; and for expenses of at-tendance at meetings that relate to the func-tions or activities of the Indian Health Service: Provided, That in accordance with the provi-sions of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act, non-Indian patients may be extended health care at all tribally administered or In-dian Health Service facilities, subject to charges, and the proceeds along with funds recovered under the Federal Medical Care Recovery Act (42 U.S.C. 2651–2653) shall be credited to the ac-count of the facility providing the service and shall be available without fiscal year limitation: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other law or regulation, funds transferred from the Department of Housing and Urban Develop-ment to the Indian Health Service shall be ad-ministered under Public Law 86–121, the Indian Sanitation Facilities Act and Public Law 93–638: Provided further, That funds appropriated to the Indian Health Service in this Act, except those used for administrative and program di-rection purposes, shall not be subject to limita-tions directed at curtailing Federal travel and transportation: Provided further, That none of the funds made available to the Indian Health Service in this Act shall be used for any assess-ments or charges by the Department of Health and Human Services unless identified in the budget justification and provided in this Act, or approved by the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations through the reprogramming process: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds previously or herein made available to a tribe or tribal organi-zation through a contract, grant, or agreement authorized by title I or title V of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act of 1975 (25 U.S.C. 5321 et seq. (title I), 5381 et seq. (title V)), may be deobligated and reobli-gated to a self-determination contract under title I, or a self-governance agreement under title V of such Act and thereafter shall remain available to the tribe or tribal organization without fiscal year limitation: Provided further, That none of the funds made available to the Indian Health Service in this Act shall be used to implement the final rule published in the Fed-eral Register on September 16, 1987, by the De-partment of Health and Human Services, relat-ing to the eligibility for the health care services of the Indian Health Service until the Indian Health Service has submitted a budget request reflecting the increased costs associated with the proposed final rule, and such request has been included in an appropriations Act and enacted into law: Provided further, That with respect to functions transferred by the Indian Health Service to tribes or tribal organizations, the In-dian Health Service is authorized to provide goods and services to those entities on a reim-bursable basis, including payments in advance with subsequent adjustment, and the reimburse-ments received therefrom, along with the funds received from those entities pursuant to the In-dian Self-Determination Act, may be credited to the same or subsequent appropriation account from which the funds were originally derived, with such amounts to remain available until ex-pended: Provided further, That reimbursements for training, technical assistance, or services provided by the Indian Health Service will con-tain total costs, including direct, administrative, and overhead costs associated with the provi-sion of goods, services, or technical assistance: Provided further, That the Indian Health Serv-ice may provide to civilian medical personnel serving in hospitals operated by the Indian Health Service housing allowances equivalent to those that would be provided to members of the Commissioned Corps of the United States Public Health Service serving in similar positions at such hospitals: Provided further, That the ap-propriation structure for the Indian Health Service may not be altered without advance no-tification to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations. N
ATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH  
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF ENVIRONMENTAL HEALTH  
SCIENCES  For necessary expenses for the National Insti-tute of Environmental Health Sciences in car-rying out activities set forth in section 311(a) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9660(a)) and section 126(g) of the Super-fund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986, $80,000,000. A
GENCY FOR TOXIC SUBSTANCES AND DISEASE  R
EGISTRY  
TOXIC SUBSTANCES AND ENVIRONMENTAL PUBLIC  
HEALTH  For necessary expenses for the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry (ATSDR) in carrying out activities set forth in sections 104(i) and 111(c)(4) of the Comprehensive Envi-ronmental Response, Compensation, and Liabil-ity Act of 1980 (CERCLA) and section 3019 of the Solid Waste Disposal Act, $62,000,000: Pro-vided, That notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, in lieu of performing a health as-sessment under section 104(i)(6) of CERCLA, the Administrator of ATSDR may conduct other ap-propriate health studies, evaluations, or activi-ties, including, without limitation, biomedical testing, clinical evaluations, medical moni-toring, and referral to accredited healthcare providers: Provided further, That in performing any such health assessment or health study, evaluation, or activity, the Administrator of ATSDR shall not be bound by the deadlines in section 104(i)(6)(A) of CERCLA: Provided fur-ther, That none of the funds appropriated under this heading shall be available for ATSDR to issue in excess of 40 toxicological pro-files pursuant to section 104(i) of CERCLA dur-ing fiscal year 2019, and existing profiles may be updated as necessary. OTHER RELATED AGENCIES E
XECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT  
COUNCIL ON ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY AND  
OFFICE OF ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY  For necessary expenses to continue functions assigned to the Council on Environmental Qual-ity and Office of Environmental Quality pursu-ant to the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969, the Environmental Quality Improvement Act of 1970, and Reorganization Plan No. 1 of 1977, and not to exceed $750 for official recep-tion and representation expenses, $2,994,000: Provided, That notwithstanding section 202 of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00131 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.039 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6396 July 17, 2018 
the National Environmental Policy Act of 1970, the Council shall consist of one member, ap-pointed by the President, by and with the ad-vice and consent of the Senate, serving as chair-man and exercising all powers, functions, and duties of the Council. C
HEMICAL SAFETY AND HAZARD INVESTIGATION  B
OARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses in carrying out activi-ties pursuant to section 112(r)(6) of the Clean Air Act, including hire of passenger vehicles, uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902, and for services author-ized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 but at rates for individuals not to exceed the per diem equivalent to the maximum rate payable for senior level positions under 5 U.S.C. 5376, $12,000,000: Provided, That the Chemical Safety and Hazard Investigation Board (Board) shall have not more than three career Senior Executive Service positions: Pro-vided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, the individual appointed to the position of Inspector General of the Environ-mental Protection Agency (EPA) shall, by virtue of such appointment, also hold the position of Inspector General of the Board: Provided fur-ther, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Inspector General of the Board shall utilize personnel of the Office of Inspector Gen-eral of EPA in performing the duties of the In-spector General of the Board, and shall not ap-point any individuals to positions within the Board. O
FFICE OF NAVAJO AND HOPIINDIAN  R
ELOCATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of Navajo and Hopi Indian Relocation as authorized by Public Law 93–531, $4,750,000, to remain avail-able until expended: Provided, That funds pro-vided in this or any other appropriations Act are to be used to relocate eligible individuals and groups including evictees from District 6, Hopi-partitioned lands residents, those in sig-nificantly substandard housing, and all others certified as eligible and not included in the pre-ceding categories: Provided further, That none of the funds contained in this or any other Act may be used by the Office of Navajo and Hopi Indian Relocation to evict any single Navajo or Navajo family who, as of November 30, 1985, was physically domiciled on the lands partitioned to the Hopi Tribe unless a new or replacement home is provided for such household: Provided further, That no relocatee will be provided with more than one new or replacement home: Pro-vided further, That the Office shall relocate any certified eligible relocatees who have selected and received an approved homesite on the Nav-ajo reservation or selected a replacement resi-dence off the Navajo reservation or on the land acquired pursuant to section 11 of Public Law 93–531 (88 Stat. 1716). I
NSTITUTE OF AMERICAN INDIAN AND ALASKA  N
ATIVE CULTURE AND ARTSDEVELOPMENT  
PAYMENT TO THE INSTITUTE  For payment to the Institute of American In-dian and Alaska Native Culture and Arts Devel-opment, as authorized by part A of title XV of Public Law 99–498 (20 U.S.C. 4411 et seq.), $9,960,000, which shall become available on July 1, 2019, and shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020. S
MITHSONIAN INSTITUTION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Smithsonian In-stitution, as authorized by law, including re-search in the fields of art, science, and history; development, preservation, and documentation of the National Collections; presentation of pub-lic exhibits and performances; collection, prepa-ration, dissemination, and exchange of informa-tion and publications; conduct of education, training, and museum assistance programs; maintenance, alteration, operation, lease agree-ments of no more than 30 years, and protection of buildings, facilities, and approaches; not to exceed $100,000 for services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; and purchase, rental, repair, and cleaning of uniforms for employees, $737,944,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, ex-cept as otherwise provided herein; of which not to exceed $6,908,000 for the instrumentation pro-gram, collections acquisition, exhibition re-installation, the National Museum of African American History and Culture, and the repatri-ation of skeletal remains program shall remain available until expended; and including such funds as may be necessary to support American overseas research centers: Provided, That funds appropriated herein are available for advance payments to independent contractors performing research services or participating in official Smithsonian presentations. FACILITIES CAPITAL  For necessary expenses of repair, revitaliza-tion, and alteration of facilities owned or occu-pied by the Smithsonian Institution, by contract or otherwise, as authorized by section 2 of the Act of August 22, 1949 (63 Stat. 623), and for construction, including necessary personnel, $317,500,000, to remain available until expended, of which not to exceed $10,000 shall be for serv-ices as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109. N
ATIONAL GALLERY OF ART 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For the upkeep and operations of the National Gallery of Art, the protection and care of the works of art therein, and administrative ex-penses incident thereto, as authorized by the Act of March 24, 1937 (50 Stat. 51), as amended by the public resolution of April 13, 1939 (Public Resolution 9, Seventy-sixth Congress), including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; payment in advance when authorized by the treasurer of the Gallery for membership in library, museum, and art associations or societies whose publica-tions or services are available to members only, or to members at a price lower than to the gen-eral public; purchase, repair, and cleaning of uniforms for guards, and uniforms, or allow-ances therefor, for other employees as author-ized by law (5 U.S.C. 5901–5902); purchase or rental of devices and services for protecting buildings and contents thereof, and mainte-nance, alteration, improvement, and repair of buildings, approaches, and grounds; and pur-chase of services for restoration and repair of works of art for the National Gallery of Art by contracts made, without advertising, with indi-viduals, firms, or organizations at such rates or prices and under such terms and conditions as the Gallery may deem proper, $141,790,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2020, of which not to exceed $3,640,000 for the special ex-hibition program shall remain available until expended. 
REPAIR , RESTORATION AND RENOVATION OF  
BUILDINGS  For necessary expenses of repair, restoration and renovation of buildings, grounds and facili-ties owned or occupied by the National Gallery of Art, by contract or otherwise, for operating lease agreements of no more than 10 years, with no extensions or renewals beyond the 10 years, that address space needs created by the ongoing renovations in the Master Facilities Plan, as au-thorized, $26,564,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That contracts awarded for environmental systems, protection systems, and exterior repair or renovation of buildings of the National Gallery of Art may be negotiated with selected contractors and awarded on the basis of contractor qualifications as well as price. J
OHNF. K ENNEDY CENTER FOR THE PERFORMING  A
RTS 
OPERATIONS AND MAINTENANCE  For necessary expenses for the operation, maintenance and security of the John F. Ken-nedy Center for the Performing Arts, $24,490,000. CAPITAL REPAIR AND RESTORATION  For necessary expenses for capital repair and restoration of the existing features of the build-ing and site of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts, $16,025,000, to remain available until expended. W
OODROW WILSON INTERNATIONAL CENTER FOR  S
CHOLARS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary in carrying out the provisions of the Woodrow Wilson Memorial Act of 1968 (82 Stat. 1356) including hire of pas-senger vehicles and services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $12,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020. N
ATIONAL FOUNDATION ON THE ARTS AND THE  H
UMANITIES  N
ATIONAL ENDOWMENT FOR THE ARTS 
GRANTS AND ADMINISTRATION  For necessary expenses to carry out the Na-tional Foundation on the Arts and the Human-ities Act of 1965, $155,000,000 shall be available to the National Endowment for the Arts for the support of projects and productions in the arts, including arts education and public outreach activities, through assistance to organizations and individuals pursuant to section 5 of the Act, for program support, and for administering the functions of the Act, to remain available until expended. N
ATIONAL ENDOWMENT FOR THE HUMANITIES  
GRANTS AND ADMINISTRATION  For necessary expenses to carry out the Na-tional Foundation on the Arts and the Human-ities Act of 1965, $155,000,000 to remain available until expended, of which $143,700,000 shall be available for support of activities in the human-ities, pursuant to section 7(c) of the Act and for administering the functions of the Act; and $11,300,000 shall be available to carry out the matching grants program pursuant to section 10(a)(2) of the Act, including $9,100,000 for the purposes of section 7(h): Provided, That appro-priations for carrying out section 10(a)(2) shall be available for obligation only in such amounts as may be equal to the total amounts of gifts, bequests, devises of money, and other property accepted by the chairman or by grantees of the National Endowment for the Humanities under the provisions of sections 11(a)(2)(B) and 11(a)(3)(B) during the current and preceding fis-cal years for which equal amounts have not pre-viously been appropriated. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  None of the funds appropriated to the Na-tional Foundation on the Arts and the Human-ities may be used to process any grant or con-tract documents which do not include the text of 18 U.S.C. 1913: Provided, That none of the funds appropriated to the National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities may be used for offi-cial reception and representation expenses: Pro-vided further, That funds from nonappropriated sources may be used as necessary for official re-ception and representation expenses: Provided further, That the Chairperson of the National Endowment for the Arts may approve grants of up to $10,000, if in the aggregate the amount of such grants does not exceed 5 percent of the sums appropriated for grantmaking purposes per year: Provided further, That such small grant actions are taken pursuant to the terms of an expressed and direct delegation of authority from the National Council on the Arts to the Chairperson. C
OMMISSION OF FINEARTS 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses of the Commission of Fine Arts under chapter 91 of title 40, United States Code, $2,771,000: Provided, That the Commission is au-thorized to charge fees to cover the full costs of its publications, and such fees shall be credited to this account as an offsetting collection, to re-main available until expended without further 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00132 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.039 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6397 July 17, 2018 
appropriation: Provided further, That the Com-mission is authorized to accept gifts, including objects, papers, artwork, drawings and artifacts, that pertain to the history and design of the Na-tion’s Capital or the history and activities of the Commission of Fine Arts, for the purpose of ar-tistic display, study, or education: Provided fur-ther, That one-tenth of one percent of the funds provided under this heading may be used for of-ficial reception and representation expenses. 
NATIONAL CAPITAL ARTS AND CULTURAL AFFAIRS  For necessary expenses as authorized by Pub-lic Law 99–190 (20 U.S.C. 956a), $2,750,000. A
DVISORY COUNCIL ON HISTORIC PRESERVATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Advisory Coun-cil on Historic Preservation (Public Law 89–665), $6,440,000. N
ATIONAL CAPITAL PLANNING COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the National Cap-ital Planning Commission under chapter 87 of title 40, United States Code, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $8,099,000: Pro-vided, That one-quarter of 1 percent of the funds provided under this heading may be used for official reception and representational ex-penses associated with hosting international visitors engaged in the planning and physical development of world capitals. U
NITED STATES HOLOCAUST MEMORIAL MUSEUM  
HOLOCAUST MEMORIAL MUSEUM  For expenses of the Holocaust Memorial Mu-seum, as authorized by Public Law 106–292 (36 U.S.C. 2301–2310), $58,000,000, of which $1,715,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2021, for the Museum’s equipment replace-ment program; and of which $4,000,000 for the Museum’s repair and rehabilitation program and $1,264,000 for the Museum’s outreach initia-tives program shall remain available until ex-pended. D
WIGHT D . EISENHOWER MEMORIAL COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Dwight D. Ei-senhower Memorial Commission, $1,800,000, to remain available until expended. 
WOMEN ’S SUFFRAGE CENTENNIAL COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Women’s Suf-frage Centennial Commission, as authorized by the Women’s Suffrage Centennial Commission Act (section 431(a)(3) of division G of Public Law 115–31), $500,000, to remain available until expended. 
WORLD WAR I CENTENNIAL COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  Notwithstanding section 9 of the World War I Centennial Commission Act, as authorized by the World War I Centennial Commission Act (Public Law 112–272) and the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291), for necessary expenses of the World War I Centennial Commission, $3,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That in addition to the authority provided by section 6(g) of such Act, the World War I Com-mission may accept money, in-kind personnel services, contractual support, or any appro-priate support from any executive branch agen-cy for activities of the Commission. TITLE IV GENERAL PROVISIONS 
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  
RESTRICTION ON USE OF FUNDS  S
EC. 401. No part of any appropriation con-tained in this Act shall be available for any ac-tivity or the publication or distribution of lit-erature that in any way tends to promote public support or opposition to any legislative proposal on which Congressional action is not complete other than to communicate to Members of Con-gress as described in 18 U.S.C. 1913. OBLIGATION OF APPROPRIATIONS  S
EC. 402. No part of any appropriation con-tained in this Act shall remain available for ob-ligation beyond the current fiscal year unless expressly so provided herein. 
DISCLOSURE OF ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES  S
EC. 403. The amount and basis of estimated overhead charges, deductions, reserves or holdbacks, including working capital fund and cost pool charges, from programs, projects, ac-tivities and subactivities to support government- wide, departmental, agency, or bureau adminis-trative functions or headquarters, regional, or central operations shall be presented in annual budget justifications and subject to approval by the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. Changes to such estimates shall be presented to the Commit-tees on Appropriations for approval. 
MINING APPLICATIONS  S
EC. 404. (a) L IMITATION OF FUNDS.—None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made avail-able pursuant to this Act shall be obligated or expended to accept or process applications for a patent for any mining or mill site claim located under the general mining laws. (b) E
XCEPTIONS .—Subsection (a) shall not apply if the Secretary of the Interior determines that, for the claim concerned (1) a patent appli-cation was filed with the Secretary on or before September 30, 1994; and (2) all requirements es-tablished under sections 2325 and 2326 of the Re-vised Statutes (30 U.S.C. 29 and 30) for vein or lode claims, sections 2329, 2330, 2331, and 2333 of the Revised Statutes (30 U.S.C. 35, 36, and 37) for placer claims, and section 2337 of the Revised Statutes (30 U.S.C. 42) for mill site claims, as the case may be, were fully complied with by the ap-plicant by that date. (c) R
EPORT .—On September 30, 2020, the Sec-retary of the Interior shall file with the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House and the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources of the Senate a report on actions taken by the Department under the plan sub-mitted pursuant to section 314(c) of the Depart-ment of the Interior and Related Agencies Ap-propriations Act, 1997 (Public Law 104–208). (d) M
INERAL EXAMINATIONS .—In order to process patent applications in a timely and re-sponsible manner, upon the request of a patent applicant, the Secretary of the Interior shall allow the applicant to fund a qualified third- party contractor to be selected by the Director of the Bureau of Land Management to conduct a mineral examination of the mining claims or mill sites contained in a patent application as set forth in subsection (b). The Bureau of Land Management shall have the sole responsibility to choose and pay the third-party contractor in accordance with the standard procedures em-ployed by the Bureau of Land Management in the retention of third-party contractors. 
CONTRACT SUPPORT COSTS , PRIOR YEAR  
LIMITATION  S
EC. 405. Sections 405 and 406 of division F of the Consolidated and Further Continuing Ap-propriations Act, 2015 (Public Law 113–235) shall continue in effect in fiscal year 2019. 
CONTRACT SUPPORT COSTS , FISCAL YEAR 2019  
LIMITATION  S
EC. 406. Amounts provided by this Act for fis-cal year 2019 under the headings ‘‘Department of Health and Human Services, Indian Health Service, Contract Support Costs’’ and ‘‘Depart-ment of the Interior, Bureau of Indian Affairs and Bureau of Indian Education, Contract Sup-port Costs’’ are the only amounts available for contract support costs arising out of self-deter-mination or self-governance contracts, grants, compacts, or annual funding agreements for fis-cal year 2019 with the Bureau of Indian Affairs or the Indian Health Service: Provided, That such amounts provided by this Act are not available for payment of claims for contract support costs for prior years, or for repayments of payments for settlements or judgments award-ing contract support costs for prior years. FOREST MANAGEMENT PLANS  S
EC. 407. The Secretary of Agriculture shall not be considered to be in violation of subpara-graph 6(f)(5)(A) of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1604(f)(5)(A)) solely because more than 15 years have passed without revision of the plan for a unit of the National Forest System. Noth-ing in this section exempts the Secretary from any other requirement of the Forest and Range-land Renewable Resources Planning Act (16 U.S.C. 1600 et seq.) or any other law: Provided, That if the Secretary is not acting expeditiously and in good faith, within the funding available, to revise a plan for a unit of the National Forest System, this section shall be void with respect to such plan and a court of proper jurisdiction may order completion of the plan on an acceler-ated basis. 
PROHIBITION WITHIN NATIONAL MONUMENTS  S
EC. 408. No funds provided in this Act may be expended to conduct preleasing, leasing and re-lated activities under either the Mineral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 181 et seq.) or the Outer Conti-nental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1331 et seq.) within the boundaries of a National Monument established pursuant to the Act of June 8, 1906 (16 U.S.C. 431 et seq.) as such boundary existed on January 20, 2001, except where such activi-ties are allowed under the Presidential procla-mation establishing such monument. 
LIMITATION ON TAKINGS  S
EC. 409. Unless otherwise provided herein, no funds appropriated in this Act for the acquisi-tion of lands or interests in lands may be ex-pended for the filing of declarations of taking or complaints in condemnation without the ap-proval of the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations: Provided, That this provision shall not apply to funds appropriated to imple-ment the Everglades National Park Protection and Expansion Act of 1989, or to funds appro-priated for Federal assistance to the State of Florida to acquire lands for Everglades restora-tion purposes. 
TIMBER SALE REQUIREMENTS  S
EC. 410. No timber sale in Alaska’s Region 10 shall be advertised if the indicated rate is deficit (defined as the value of the timber is not suffi-cient to cover all logging and stumpage costs and provide a normal profit and risk allowance under the Forest Service’s appraisal process) when appraised using a residual value ap-praisal. The western red cedar timber from those sales which is surplus to the needs of the domes-tic processors in Alaska, shall be made available to domestic processors in the contiguous 48 United States at prevailing domestic prices. All additional western red cedar volume not sold to Alaska or contiguous 48 United States domestic processors may be exported to foreign markets at the election of the timber sale holder. All Alaska yellow cedar may be sold at prevailing export prices at the election of the timber sale holder. 
PROHIBITION ON NO -BID CONTRACTS  S
EC. 411. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act to execu-tive branch agencies may be used to enter into any Federal contract unless such contract is en-tered into in accordance with the requirements of Chapter 33 of title 41, United States Code, or Chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code, and the Federal Acquisition Regulation, unless— (1) Federal law specifically authorizes a con-tract to be entered into without regard for these requirements, including formula grants for States, or federally recognized Indian tribes; or (2) such contract is authorized by the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00133 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.039 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6398 July 17, 2018 
Act (Public Law 93–638, 25 U.S.C. 450 et seq.) or by any other Federal laws that specifically au-thorize a contract within an Indian tribe as de-fined in section 4(e) of that Act (25 U.S.C. 450b(e)); or (3) such contract was awarded prior to the date of enactment of this Act. 
POSTING OF REPORTS  S
EC. 412. (a) Any agency receiving funds made available in this Act, shall, subject to sub-sections (b) and (c), post on the public website of that agency any report required to be sub-mitted by the Congress in this or any other Act, upon the determination by the head of the agen-cy that it shall serve the national interest. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply to a report if— (1) the public posting of the report com-promises national security; or (2) the report contains proprietary informa-tion. (c) The head of the agency posting such re-port shall do so only after such report has been made available to the requesting Committee or Committees of Congress for no less than 45 days. 
NATIONAL ENDOWMENT FOR THE ARTS GRANT  
GUIDELINES  S
EC. 413. Of the funds provided to the Na-tional Endowment for the Arts— (1) The Chairperson shall only award a grant to an individual if such grant is awarded to such individual for a literature fellowship, Na-tional Heritage Fellowship, or American Jazz Masters Fellowship. (2) The Chairperson shall establish procedures to ensure that no funding provided through a grant, except a grant made to a State or local arts agency, or regional group, may be used to make a grant to any other organization or indi-vidual to conduct activity independent of the di-rect grant recipient. Nothing in this subsection shall prohibit payments made in exchange for goods and services. (3) No grant shall be used for seasonal support to a group, unless the application is specific to the contents of the season, including identified programs or projects. 
NATIONAL ENDOWMENT FOR THE ARTS PROGRAM  
PRIORITIES  S
EC. 414. (a) In providing services or awarding financial assistance under the National Foun-dation on the Arts and the Humanities Act of 1965 from funds appropriated under this Act, the Chairperson of the National Endowment for the Arts shall ensure that priority is given to providing services or awarding financial assist-ance for projects, productions, workshops, or programs that serve underserved populations. (b) In this section: (1) The term ‘‘underserved population’’ means a population of individuals, including urban mi-norities, who have historically been outside the purview of arts and humanities programs due to factors such as a high incidence of income below the poverty line or to geographic isolation. (2) The term ‘‘poverty line’’ means the poverty line (as defined by the Office of Management and Budget, and revised annually in accord-ance with section 673(2) of the Community Serv-ices Block Grant Act (42 U.S.C. 9902(2))) appli-cable to a family of the size involved. (c) In providing services and awarding finan-cial assistance under the National Foundation on the Arts and Humanities Act of 1965 with funds appropriated by this Act, the Chairperson of the National Endowment for the Arts shall ensure that priority is given to providing serv-ices or awarding financial assistance for projects, productions, workshops, or programs that will encourage public knowledge, edu-cation, understanding, and appreciation of the arts. (d) With funds appropriated by this Act to carry out section 5 of the National Foundation on the Arts and Humanities Act of 1965— (1) the Chairperson shall establish a grant category for projects, productions, workshops, or programs that are of national impact or availability or are able to tour several States; (2) the Chairperson shall not make grants ex-ceeding 15 percent, in the aggregate, of such funds to any single State, excluding grants made under the authority of paragraph (1); (3) the Chairperson shall report to the Con-gress annually and by State, on grants awarded by the Chairperson in each grant category under section 5 of such Act; and (4) the Chairperson shall encourage the use of grants to improve and support community-based music performance and education. STATUS OF BALANCES OF APPROPRIATIONS  S
EC. 415. The Department of the Interior, the Environmental Protection Agency, the Forest Service, and the Indian Health Service shall provide the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and Senate quarterly reports on the status of balances of appropria-tions including all uncommitted, committed, and unobligated funds in each program and activity. 
PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS  S
EC. 416. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds made available in this Act or any other Act may be used to promulgate or implement any regulation requiring the issuance of permits under title V of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7661 et seq.) for carbon diox-ide, nitrous oxide, water vapor, or methane emissions resulting from biological processes as-sociated with livestock production. 
GREENHOUSE GAS REPORTING RESTRICTIONS  S
EC. 417. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used to implement any provision in a rule, if that provision requires mandatory reporting of greenhouse gas emis-sions from manure management systems. 
FUNDING PROHIBITION  S
EC. 418. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to regulate the lead content of ammunition, ammunition components, or fishing tackle under the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2601 et seq.) or any other law. 
CONTRACTING AUTHORITIES  S
EC. 419. Section 412 of Division E of Public Law 112–74 is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2020’’. 
CHESAPEAKE BAY INITIATIVE  S
EC. 420. Section 502(c) of the Chesapeake Bay Initiative Act of 1998 (Public Law 105–312; 16 U.S.C. 461 note) is amended by striking ‘‘2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’. 
EXTENSION OF GRAZING PERMITS  S
EC. 421. The terms and conditions of section 325 of Public Law 108–108 (117 Stat. 1307), re-garding grazing permits issued by the Forest Service on any lands not subject to administra-tion under section 402 of the Federal Lands Pol-icy and Management Act (43 U.S.C. 1752), shall remain in effect for fiscal year 2019. 
FUNDING PROHIBITION  S
EC. 422. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network is de-signed to block access to pornography websites. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agency or any other entity carrying out criminal investiga-tions, prosecution, or adjudication activities. 
FOREST SERVICE FACILITY REALIGNMENT AND  
ENHANCEMENT ACT  S
EC. 423. Section 503(f) of the Forest Service Facility Realignment and Enhancement Act of 2005 (16 U.S.C. 580d note; Public Law 109–54) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’. 
USE OF AMERICAN IRON AND STEEL  S
EC. 424. (a)(1) None of the funds made avail-able by a State water pollution control revolving fund as authorized by section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j-12) shall be used for a project for the construction, alter-ation, maintenance, or repair of a public water system or treatment works unless all of the iron and steel products used in the project are pro-duced in the United States. (2) In this section, the term ‘‘iron and steel’’ products means the following products made primarily of iron or steel: lined or unlined pipes and fittings, manhole covers and other munic-ipal castings, hydrants, tanks, flanges, pipe clamps and restraints, valves, structural steel, reinforced precast concrete, and construction materials. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply in any case or category of cases in which the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Administrator’’) finds that— (1) applying subsection (a) would be incon-sistent with the public interest; (2) iron and steel products are not produced in the United States in sufficient and reasonably available quantities and of a satisfactory qual-ity; or (3) inclusion of iron and steel products pro-duced in the United States will increase the cost of the overall project by more than 25 percent. (c) If the Administrator receives a request for a waiver under this section, the Administrator shall make available to the public on an infor-mal basis a copy of the request and information available to the Administrator concerning the request, and shall allow for informal public input on the request for at least 15 days prior to making a finding based on the request. The Ad-ministrator shall make the request and accom-panying information available by electronic means, including on the official public Internet Web site of the Environmental Protection Agen-cy. (d) This section shall be applied in a manner consistent with United States obligations under international agreements. (e) The Administrator may retain up to 0.25 percent of the funds appropriated in this Act for the Clean and Drinking Water State Revolving Funds for carrying out the provisions described in subsection (a)(1) for management and over-sight of the requirements of this section. MIDWAY ISLAND  S
EC. 425. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to destroy any buildings or structures on Midway Island that have been recommended by the United States Navy for in-clusion in the National Register of Historic Places (54 U.S.C. 302101). 
JOHN F . KENNEDY CENTER REAUTHORIZATION  S
EC. 426. Section 13 of the John F. Kennedy Center Act (20 U.S.C. 76r) is amended by strik-ing subsections (a) and (b) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(a) M
AINTENANCE , REPAIR , ANDSECURITY .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Board to carry out section 4(a)(1)(H), $24,490,000 for fiscal year 2019. ‘‘(b) C
APITAL PROJECTS .—There is authorized to be appropriated to the Board to carry out subparagraphs (F) and (G) of section 4(a)(1), $16,025,000 for fiscal year 2019.’’. 
LOCAL COOPERATOR TRAINING AGREEMENTS AND  
TRANSFERS OF EXCESS EQUIPMENT AND SUP -
PLIES FOR WILDFIRES  S
EC. 427. The Secretary of the Interior is au-thorized to enter into grants and cooperative agreements with volunteer fire departments, rural fire departments, rangeland fire protection associations, and similar organizations to pro-vide for wildland fire training and equipment, including supplies and communication devices. Notwithstanding 121(c) of title 40, United States Code, or section 521 of title 40, United States Code, the Secretary is further authorized to transfer title to excess Department of the Inte-rior firefighting equipment no longer needed to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00134 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.039 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6399 July 17, 2018 
carry out the functions of the Department’s wildland fire management program to such or-ganizations. 
RECREATION FEE  S
EC. 428. Section 810 of the Federal Lands Recreation Enhancement Act (16 U.S.C. 6809) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2021’’. 
POLICIES RELATING TO BIOMASS ENERGY  S
EC. 429. For fiscal year 2019 and each fiscal year thereafter, to support the key role that for-ests in the United States can play in addressing the energy needs of the United States, the Sec-retary of Energy, the Secretary of Agriculture, and the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency shall, consistent with their missions, jointly— (1) ensure that Federal policy relating to for-est bioenergy— (A) is consistent across all Federal depart-ments and agencies; and (B) recognizes the full benefits of the use of forest biomass for energy, conservation, and re-sponsible forest management; and (2) establish clear and simple policies for the use of forest biomass as an energy solution, in-cluding policies that— (A) reflect the carbon-neutrality of forest bio-energy and recognize biomass as a renewable energy source, provided the use of forest biomass for energy production does not cause conversion of forests to non-forest use. (B) encourage private investment throughout the forest biomass supply chain, including in— (i) working forests; (ii) harvesting operations; (iii) forest improvement operations; (iv) forest bioenergy production; (v) wood products manufacturing; or (vi) paper manufacturing; (C) encourage forest management to improve forest health; and (D) recognize State initiatives to produce and use forest biomass. 
CLARIFICATION OF EXEMPTIONS  S
EC. 430. Notwithstanding section 404(f)(2) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1344(f)(2)), none of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be used to require a permit for the discharge of dredged or fill material under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) for the activities identi-fied in subparagraphs (A) and (C) of section 404(f)(1) of the Act (33 U.S.C. 1344(f)(1)(A), (C)). 
WATERS OF THE UNITED STATES  S
EC. 431. The final rule issued by the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency and the Secretary of the Army entitled ‘‘Clean Water Rule: ‘Definition of Waters of the United States’’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 37053 (June 29, 2015)) is repealed, and, until such time as the Adminis-trator and the Secretary issue a final rule after the date of enactment of this Act defining the scope of waters protected under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act and such new final rule goes into effect, any regulation or policy re-vised under, or otherwise affected as a result of, the rule repealed by this section shall be applied as if that repealed rule had not been issued. 
AGRICULTURAL NUTRIENTS  S
EC. 432. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to issue any regulation under the Solid Waste Disposal Act (42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.) that applies to an animal feeding operation, including a concentrated ani-mal feeding operation and a large concentrated animal feeding operation, as such terms are de-fined in section 122.23 of title 40, Code of Fed-eral Regulations. 
HUNTING , FISHING , AND RECREATIONAL SHOOTING  
ON FEDERAL LAND  S
EC. 433. (a) L IMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS.— None of the funds made available by this or any other Act for any fiscal year may be used to pro-hibit the use of or access to Federal land (as such term is defined in section 3 of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6502)) for hunting, fishing, or recreational shooting if such use or access— (1) was not prohibited on such Federal land as of January 1, 2013; and (2) was conducted in compliance with the re-source management plan (as defined in section 101 of such Act (16 U.S.C. 6511)) applicable to such Federal land as of January 1, 2013. (b) TEMPORARY CLOSURES ALLOWED .—Not- withstanding subsection (a), the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture may temporarily close, for a period not to exceed 30 days, Federal land managed by the Secretary to hunting, fishing, or recreational shooting if the Secretary determines that the temporary closure is necessary to accommodate a special event or for public safety reasons. The Secretary may ex-tend a temporary closure for one additional 90- day period only if the Secretary determines the extension is necessary because of extraordinary weather conditions or for public safety reasons. (c) A
UTHORITY OF STATES .—Nothing in this section shall be construed as affecting the au-thority, jurisdiction, or responsibility of the sev-eral States to manage, control, or regulate fish and resident wildlife under State law or regula-tions. 
AVAILABILITY OF VACANT GRAZING ALLOTMENTS  S
EC. 434. The Secretary of the Interior, with respect to public lands administered by the Bu-reau of Land Management, and the Secretary of Agriculture, with respect to the National Forest System lands, shall make vacant grazing allot-ments available to a holder of a grazing permit or lease issued by either Secretary if the lands covered by the permit or lease or other grazing lands used by the holder of the permit or lease are unusable because of drought or wildfire, as determined by the Secretary concerned. The terms and conditions contained in a permit or lease made available pursuant to this section shall be the same as the terms and conditions of the most recent permit or lease that was applica-ble to the vacant grazing allotment made avail-able. Section 102 of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332) shall not apply with respect to any Federal agency action under this section. 
INFRASTRUCTURE  S
EC. 435. (a) For an additional amount for ‘‘Environmental Protection Agency—Hazardous Substance Superfund’’, $40,000,000, which shall be for the Superfund Remedial program, to re-main available until expended, consisting of such sums as are available in the Trust Fund on September 30, 2018, as authorized by section 517(a) of the Superfund Amendments and Reau-thorization Act of 1986 (SARA) and up to $40,000,000 as a payment from general revenues to the Hazardous Substance Superfund for pur-poses as authorized by section 517(b) of SARA. (b) For an additional amount for ‘‘Environ-mental Protection Agency—State and Tribal As-sistance Grants,’’ $300,000,000 to remain avail-able until expended, of which— (1) $150,000,000 shall be for making capitaliza-tion grants for the Clean Water State Revolving Funds under title VI of the Federal Water Pol-lution Control Act; and (2) $150,000,000 shall be for making capitaliza-tion grants for the Drinking Water State Re-volving Funds under section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act. (c) For an additional amount for ‘‘Environ-mental Protection Agency—Water Infrastruc-ture Finance and Innovation Program Ac-count’’, $25,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, for the cost of direct loans, for the cost of guaranteed loans, and for administrative ex-penses to carry out the direct and guaranteed loan programs, of which $3,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, may be used for such administrative expenses: Provided, That these additional funds are available to subsidize gross obligations for the principal amount of direct loans, including capitalized in-terest, and total loan principal, including cap-italized interest, any part of which is to be guaranteed, not to exceed $2,683,000,000. DIRECT HIRE AUTHORITY  S
EC. 436. (a) For fiscal year 2019, the Sec-retary of Agriculture may appoint, without re-gard to the provisions of subchapter I of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code, other than sec-tions 3303 and 3328 of such title, a qualified can-didate described in subsection (b) directly to a position with the United States Department of Agriculture, Forest Service for which the can-didate meets Office of Personnel Management qualification standards. (b) Subsection (a) applies to a former resource assistant (as defined in section 203 of the Public Land Corps Act (16 U.S.C. 1722)) who completed a rigorous undergraduate or graduate summer internship with a land managing agency, such as the Forest Service Resource Assistant Pro-gram; successfully fulfilled the requirements of the internship program; and subsequently earned an undergraduate or graduate degree from an accredited institution of higher edu-cation. (c) The direct hire authority under this sec-tion may not be exercised with respect to a spe-cific qualified candidate after the end of the two-year period beginning on the date on which the candidate completed the undergraduate or graduate degree, as the case may be. 
CALIFORNIA WATER INFRASTRUCTURE  S
EC. 437. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Final Environmental Impact Report/ Final Environmental Impact Statement for the Bay Delta Conservation Plan/California Water Fix (81 Fed. Reg. 96485 (Dec. 30, 2016)) and any resulting agency decision, record of decision, or similar determination shall hereafter not be sub-ject to judicial review under any Federal or State law. 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR TRANSPLAN -
TATION OR INTRODUCTION OF GRIZZLY BEARS  
INTO NORTH CASCADES ECOSYSTEM  S
EC. 438. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for the transplantation or introduction of grizzly bears into the North Cas-cades Ecosystem. 
MANAGEMENT OF WILD HORSES OR BURROS  S
EC. 439. Notwithstanding the first section and section 2(d) of Public Law 92–195 (16 U.S.C. 1331 and 1332(d)), the Secretary of the Interior may hereafter manage any group of wild horses or burros as a nonreproducing or single-sex herd, in whole or in part, including through chemical or surgical sterilization. 
MARBLED MURRELET LONG TERM CONSERVATION  
STRATEGY  S
EC. 440. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to approve, or require the development or implementation of, a Marbled Murrelet Long Term Conservation Strategy for the 1997 Washington State Trust Lands Habitat Conservation Plan that sets aside forested acres in excess of those identified as occupied habitat, existing old growth stands, stands that will be-come old growth within 70 years, and associated buffers. 
LIMITATION ON JUDICIAL REVIEW OF CALIFORNIA  
WATER PROJECTS  S
EC. 441. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Calfed Bay-Delta Authorization Act (title I of Public Law 108–361; 118 Stat. 1681), the water project described in chapter 5 of part 3 of division 6 of the California Water Code (sections 11550 et seq.) as in effect on the date of enact-ment of this Act and operated by the California Department of Water Resources, and all projects authorized by section 2 of the Act of August 26, 1937 (chapter 832; 50 Stat. 850) and all Acts amendatory or supplemental thereto, shall here-after not be subject to judicial review. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00135 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.039 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6400 July 17, 2018 
OIL AND GAS ROYALTIES FROM ALASKA COASTAL  
PLAIN  S
EC. 442. Section 20001(b) of Public Law 115– 97 is amended— (1) in paragraph (5)(A)— (A) by striking ‘‘50’’ and inserting ‘‘47’’; and (B) by inserting before the semicolon ‘‘and 3 percent shall be deposited into the Fund estab-lished in section 6 of Public Law 92–203 to be di-vided and distributed in the same manner as ‘revenues’ pursuant to section 7 of such Act’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) U
SE OF DISTRIBUTIONS .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, amounts received as a distribution under paragraph (5)(A) shall be used for the purpose of providing for the social and economic needs of Natives (as defined in section 3 of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1602)).’’. 
REFERENCES TO ACT  S
EC. 443. Except as expressly provided other-wise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ contained in this division shall be treated as referring only to the provisions of this division. 
REFERENCES TO REPORT  S
EC. 444. Any reference to a ‘‘report accom-panying this Act’’ contained in this division shall be treated as a reference to House Report 115–765. The effect of such Report shall be lim-ited to this division and shall apply for purposes of determining the allocation of funds provided by, and the implementation of, this division. 
SPENDING REDUCTION ACCOUNT  S
EC. 445. The amount by which the applicable allocation of new budget authority made by the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives under section 302(b) of the Con-gressional Budget Act of 1974 exceeds the amount of proposed new budget authority is $0. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agen-cies Appropriations Act, 2019’’. DIVISION B—FINANCIAL SERVICES AND GENERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2019 The following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-priated, for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, namely: TITLE I DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY D
EPARTMENTAL OFFICES  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Departmental Offices including operation and maintenance of the Treasury Building and Freedman’s Bank Building; hire of passenger motor vehicles; maintenance, repairs, and improvements of, and purchase of commercial insurance policies for, real properties leased or owned overseas, when necessary for the performance of official busi-ness; executive direction program activities; international affairs and economic policy activi-ties; domestic finance and tax policy activities, including technical assistance to Puerto Rico; and Treasury-wide management policies and programs activities, $208,751,000: Provided, That of the amount appropriated under this head-ing— (1) not to exceed $700,000 is for official recep-tion and representation expenses, of which nec-essary amounts shall be available for expenses to support activities of the Financial Action Task Force, and not to exceed $350,000 shall be available for other official reception and rep-resentation expenses; (2) not to exceed $258,000 is for unforeseen emergencies of a confidential nature to be allo-cated and expended under the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury and to be accounted for solely on the Secretary’s certificate; and (3) not to exceed $24,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020, for— (A) the Treasury-wide Financial Statement Audit and Internal Control Program; (B) information technology modernization re-quirements; (C) the audit, oversight, and administration of the Gulf Coast Restoration Trust Fund; (D) the development and implementation of programs within the Office of Critical Infra-structure Protection and Compliance Policy, in-cluding entering into cooperative agreements; (E) operations and maintenance of facilities; and (F) international operations. OFFICE OF TERRORISM AND FINANCIAL  
INTELLIGENCE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For the necessary expenses of the Office of Terrorism and Financial Intelligence to safe-guard the financial system against illicit use and to combat rogue nations, terrorist facilitators, weapons of mass destruction proliferators, money launderers, drug kingpins, and other national security threats, $161,000,000: Provided, That of the amounts ap-propriated under this heading, up to $10,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020. 
CYBERSECURITY ENHANCEMENT ACCOUNT  For salaries and expenses for enhanced cyber-security for systems operated by the Department of the Treasury, $25,208,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such funds shall supplement and not supplant any other amounts made available to the Treasury offices and bureaus for cybersecurity: Provided further, That the Chief Information Officer of the individual offices and bureaus shall submit a spend plan for each investment to the Treas-ury Chief Information Officer for approval: Pro-vided further, That the submitted spend plan shall be reviewed and approved by the Treasury Chief Information Officer prior to the obligation of funds under this heading: Provided further, That of the total amount made available under this heading $1,000,000 shall be available for ad-ministrative expenses for the Treasury Chief In-formation Officer to provide oversight of the in-vestments made under this heading: Provided further, That such funds shall supplement and not supplant any other amounts made available to the Treasury Chief Information Officer. 
DEPARTMENT -WIDE SYSTEMS AND CAPITAL  
INVESTMENTS PROGRAMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For development and acquisition of automatic data processing equipment, software, and serv-ices and for repairs and renovations to buildings owned by the Department of the Treasury, $8,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That these funds shall be transferred to accounts and in amounts as nec-essary to satisfy the requirements of the Depart-ment’s offices, bureaus, and other organiza-tions: Provided further, That this transfer au-thority shall be in addition to any other transfer authority provided in this Act: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated under this heading shall be used to support or supplement ‘‘Internal Revenue Service, Operations Sup-port’’ or ‘‘Internal Revenue Service, Business Systems Modernization’’. 
FUND FOR AMERICA ’S KIDS AND GRANDKIDS  There is established in the Treasury a fund to be known as the ‘‘Fund for America’s Kids and Grandkids’’ (the ‘‘Fund’’): Provided, That in addition to amounts otherwise made available by this Act, there is appropriated to the Fund $585,000,000 for the sole purpose of government efficiencies: Provided further, That amounts in the Fund may not be obligated until after the date that the Secretary of the Treasury certifies in the annual Financial Report of the United States Government that the Federal budget def-icit equals $0 or that there is a budget surplus: Provided further, That no amounts may be transferred from the Fund. OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $37,044,000, including hire of passenger motor vehicles; of which not to exceed $100,000 shall be available for unforeseen emergencies of a confidential na-ture, to be allocated and expended under the di-rection of the Inspector General of the Treasury; of which up to $2,800,000 to remain available until September 30, 2020, shall be for audits and investigations conducted pursuant to section 1608 of the Resources and Ecosystems Sustain-ability, Tourist Opportunities, and Revived Economies of the Gulf Coast States Act of 2012 (33 U.S.C. 1321 note); and of which not to exceed $1,000 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses. 
TREASURY INSPECTOR GENERAL FOR TAX  
ADMINISTRATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Treasury In-spector General for Tax Administration in car-rying out the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended, including purchase and hire of pas-senger motor vehicles (31 U.S.C. 1343(b)); and services authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, at such rates as may be determined by the Inspector General for Tax Administration; $170,834,000, of which $5,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020; of which not to exceed $6,000,000 shall be available for official travel expenses; of which not to exceed $500,000 shall be available for unforeseen emergencies of a confidential nature, to be allocated and ex-pended under the direction of the Inspector General for Tax Administration; and of which not to exceed $1,500 shall be available for offi-cial reception and representation expenses. 
SPECIAL INSPECTOR GENERAL FOR THE TROUBLED  
ASSET RELIEF PROGRAM  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Special Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Emergency Economic Stabiliza-tion Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–343), $28,800,000. F
INANCIAL CRIMES ENFORCEMENT NETWORK  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, including hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and training ex-penses of non-Federal and foreign government personnel to attend meetings and training con-cerned with domestic and foreign financial in-telligence activities, law enforcement, and fi-nancial regulation; services authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; not to exceed $12,000 for official re-ception and representation expenses; and for as-sistance to Federal law enforcement agencies, with or without reimbursement, $117,800,000, of which not to exceed $34,335,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2021. B
UREAU OF THE FISCAL SERVICE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of operations of the Bureau of the Fiscal Service, $338,280,000; of which not to exceed $4,210,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2021, is for information systems modernization initiatives; and of which $5,000 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses. In addition, $165,000, to be derived from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund to reimburse ad-ministrative and personnel expenses for finan-cial management of the Fund, as authorized by section 1012 of Public Law 101–380. A
LCOHOL AND TOBACCO TAX AND TRADE BUREAU  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of carrying out section 1111 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, in-cluding hire of passenger motor vehicles, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00136 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.039 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6401 July 17, 2018 
$123,527,000; of which not to exceed $6,000 for of-ficial reception and representation expenses; and of which not to exceed $50,000 shall be available for cooperative research and develop-ment programs for laboratory services; and pro-vision of laboratory assistance to State and local agencies with or without reimbursement: Provided, That of the amount appropriated under this heading, $5,000,000 shall be for the costs of accelerating the processing of formula and label applications: Provided further, That of the amount appropriated under this heading, $5,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, shall be for the costs associated with enforcement of the trade practice provisions of the Federal Alcohol Administration Act (27 U.S.C. 201 et seq.). U
NITED STATES MINT 
UNITED STATES MINT PUBLIC ENTERPRISE FUND  Pursuant to section 5136 of title 31, United States Code, the United States Mint is provided funding through the United States Mint Public Enterprise Fund for costs associated with the production of circulating coins, numismatic coins, and protective services, including both operating expenses and capital investments: Provided, That the aggregate amount of new li-abilities and obligations incurred during fiscal year 2019 under such section 5136 for circulating coinage and protective service capital invest-ments of the United States Mint shall not exceed $30,000,000. C
OMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT FINANCIAL  I
NSTITUTIONS FUNDPROGRAM ACCOUNT  To carry out the Riegle Community Develop-ment and Regulatory Improvements Act of 1994 (subtitle A of title I of Public Law 103–325), in-cluding services authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, but at rates for indi-viduals not to exceed the per diem rate equiva-lent to the rate for EX–3, $216,000,000. Of the amount appropriated under this heading— (1) not less than $121,000,000, notwithstanding section 108(e) of Public Law 103–325 (12 U.S.C. 4707(e)) with regard to Small and/or Emerging Community Development Financial Institutions Assistance awards, is available until September 30, 2019, for financial assistance, technical as-sistance, training, and outreach under subpara-graphs (A) and (B) of section 108(a)(1), respec-tively, of Public Law 103–325 (12 U.S.C. 4707(a)(1)(A) and (B)), of which up to $2,527,250 may be used for the cost of direct loans, and of which up to $3,000,000, notwithstanding sub-section (d) of section 108 of Public Law 103–325 (12 U.S.C. 4707 (d)), may be available to provide financial assistance, technical assistance, train-ing, and outreach to community development fi-nancial institutions to expand investments that benefit individuals with disabilities: Provided, That the cost of direct and guaranteed loans, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That these funds are available to subsidize gross obligations for the principal amount of direct loans not to exceed $25,000,000; Provided further, That with regard to financial assistance awards made pur-suant to this paragraph, excluding those made to community development financial institutions to expand investments that benefit individuals with disabilities, priority shall be placed on pro-viding assistance to community development fi-nancial institutions that have provided no less than 15 percent of their total financial products to recipients in persistent poverty counties, as measured by a three year average of their activ-ity; (2) not less than $13,000,000, notwithstanding section 108(e) of Public Law 103–325 (12 U.S.C. 4707(e)), is available until September 30, 2019, for financial assistance, technical assistance, train-ing, and outreach programs designed to benefit Native American, Native Hawaiian, and Alaska Native communities and provided primarily through qualified community development lend-er organizations with experience and expertise in community development banking and lending in Indian country, Native American organiza-tions, tribes and tribal organizations, and other suitable providers; (3) not less than $19,000,000 is available until September 30, 2020, for the Bank Enterprise Award program; (4) not less than $15,000,000, notwithstanding subsections (d) and (e) of section 108 of Public Law 103–325 (12 U.S.C. 4707(d) and (e)), is avail-able until September 30, 2019, for a Healthy Food Financing Initiative to provide financial assistance, technical assistance, training, and outreach to community development financial institutions for the purpose of offering afford-able financing and technical assistance to ex-pand the availability of healthy food options in distressed communities; (5) up to $23,000,000 is available until Sep-tember 30, 2019, for administrative expenses, in-cluding administration of CDFI fund programs and the New Markets Tax Credit Program, of which not less than $1,000,000 is for development of tools to better assess and inform CDFI invest-ment performance, and up to $300,000 is for ad-ministrative expenses to carry out the direct loan program; and (6) during fiscal year 2019, none of the funds available under this heading are available for the cost, as defined in section 502 of the Con-gressional Budget Act of 1974, of commitments to guarantee bonds and notes under section 114A of the Riegle Community Development and Reg-ulatory Improvement Act of 1994 (12 U.S.C. 4713a): Provided, That commitments to guar-antee bonds and notes under such section 114A shall not exceed $500,000,000: Provided further, That such section 114A shall remain in effect until December 31, 2019: Provided further, That of the funds awarded under this heading, not less than 10 percent shall be used for awards that support investments that serve populations living in persistent poverty counties: Provided further, That for the purposes of this paragraph and paragraph (1) above, the term ‘‘persistent poverty counties’’ means any county that has had 20 percent or more of its population living in poverty over the past 30 years, as measured by the 1990 and 2000 decennial censuses and the 2011–2015 5-year data series available from the American Community Survey of the Census Bu-reau. I
NTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE  
TAXPAYER SERVICES  For necessary expenses of the Internal Rev-enue Service to provide taxpayer services, in-cluding pre-filing assistance and education, fil-ing and account services, taxpayer advocacy services, and other services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, at such rates as may be determined by the Commissioner, $2,491,554,000, of which not less than $8,890,000 shall be for the Tax Counseling for the Elderly Program, of which not less than $12,000,000 shall be available for low-income taxpayer clinic grants, and of which not less than $15,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, shall be available for a Community Volunteer Income Tax Assistance matching grants program for tax return prepa-ration assistance; of which not less than $207,000,000 shall be available for operating ex-penses of the Taxpayer Advocate Service: Pro-vided, That of the amounts made available for the Taxpayer Advocate Service, not less than $5,000,000 shall be for identity theft and refund fraud casework. 
ENFORCEMENT  For necessary expenses for tax enforcement activities of the Internal Revenue Service to de-termine and collect owed taxes, to provide legal and litigation support, to conduct criminal in-vestigations, to enforce criminal statutes related to violations of internal revenue laws and other financial crimes, to purchase and hire passenger motor vehicles (31 U.S.C. 1343(b)), and to pro-vide other services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, at such rates as may be determined by the Commissioner, $4,860,000,000, of which not to ex-ceed $50,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020, and of which not less than $60,257,000 shall be for the Interagency Crime and Drug Enforcement program. OPERATIONS SUPPORT  For necessary expenses of the Internal Rev-enue Service to support taxpayer services and enforcement programs, including rent payments; facilities services; printing; postage; physical se-curity; headquarters and other IRS-wide admin-istration activities; research and statistics of in-come; telecommunications; information tech-nology development, enhancement, operations, maintenance, and security; the hire of passenger motor vehicles (31 U.S.C. 1343(b)); the operations of the Internal Revenue Service Oversight Board; and other services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, at such rates as may be determined by the Commissioner; $3,988,000,000, of which not to exceed $50,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020; of which not to exceed $10,000,000 shall remain available until ex-pended for acquisition of equipment and con-struction, repair and renovation of facilities; of which not to exceed $1,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020, for research; of which not to exceed $20,000 shall be for offi-cial reception and representation expenses: Pro-vided, That not later than 30 days after the end of each quarter, the Internal Revenue Service shall submit a report to the Committees on Ap-propriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate and the Comptroller General of the United States detailing the cost and sched-ule performance for its major information tech-nology investments, including the purpose and life-cycle stages of the investments; the reasons for any cost and schedule variances; the risks of such investments and strategies the Internal Revenue Service is using to mitigate such risks; and the expected developmental milestones to be achieved and costs to be incurred in the next quarter: Provided further, That the Internal Revenue Service shall include, in its budget jus-tification for fiscal year 2020, a summary of cost and schedule performance information for its major information technology systems. 
BUSINESS SYSTEMS MODERNIZATION  For necessary expenses of the Internal Rev-enue Service’s business systems modernization program, $200,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021, for the capital asset acquisi-tion of information technology systems, includ-ing management and related contractual costs of said acquisitions, including related Internal Revenue Service labor costs, and contractual costs associated with operations authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109: Provided, That not later than 30 days after the end of each quarter, the Internal Revenue Service shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate and the Comp-troller General of the United States detailing the cost and schedule performance for major infor-mation technology investments, including the purposes and life-cycle stages of the invest-ments; the reasons for any cost and schedule variances; the risks of such investments and the strategies the Internal Revenue Service is using to mitigate such risks; and the expected develop-mental milestones to be achieved and costs to be incurred in the next quarter. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —INTERNAL REVENUE  
SERVICE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 101. Not to exceed 5 percent of any ap-propriation made available in this Act to the In-ternal Revenue Service may be transferred to any other Internal Revenue Service appropria-tion upon the advance approval of the Commit-tees on Appropriations. S
EC. 102. The Internal Revenue Service shall maintain an employee training program, which 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00137 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.039 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6402 July 17, 2018 
shall include the following topics: taxpayers’ rights, dealing courteously with taxpayers, cross-cultural relations, ethics, and the impar-tial application of tax law. S
EC. 103. The Internal Revenue Service shall institute and enforce policies and procedures that will safeguard the confidentiality of tax-payer information and protect taxpayers against identity theft. S
EC. 104. Funds made available by this or any other Act to the Internal Revenue Service shall be available for improved facilities and in-creased staffing to provide sufficient and effec-tive 1–800 help line service for taxpayers. The Commissioner shall continue to make improve-ments to the Internal Revenue Service 1–800 help line service a priority and allocate resources necessary to enhance the response time to tax-payer communications, particularly with regard to victims of tax-related crimes. S
EC. 105. The Internal Revenue Service shall issue a notice of confirmation of any address change relating to an employer making employ-ment tax payments, and such notice shall be sent to both the employer’s former and new ad-dress and an officer or employee of the Internal Revenue Service shall give special consideration to an offer-in-compromise from a taxpayer who has been the victim of fraud by a third party payroll tax preparer. S
EC. 106. None of the funds made available under this Act may be used by the Internal Rev-enue Service to target citizens of the United States for exercising any right guaranteed under the First Amendment to the Constitution of the United States. S
EC. 107. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used by the Internal Revenue Service to target groups for regulatory scrutiny based on their ideological beliefs. S
EC. 108. None of funds made available by this Act to the Internal Revenue Service shall be ob-ligated or expended on conferences that do not adhere to the procedures, verification processes, documentation requirements, and policies issued by the Chief Financial Officer, Human Capital Office, and Agency-Wide Shared Services as a result of the recommendations in the report pub-lished on May 31, 2013, by the Treasury Inspec-tor General for Tax Administration entitled ‘‘Review of the August 2010 Small Business/Self- Employed Division’s Conference in Anaheim, California’’ (Reference Number 2013–10–037). S
EC. 109. None of the funds made available in this Act to the Internal Revenue Service may be obligated or expended— (1) to make a payment to any employee under a bonus, award, or recognition program; or (2) under any hiring or personnel selection process with respect to re-hiring a former em-ployee, unless such program or process takes into account the conduct and Federal tax com-pliance of such employee or former employee. S
EC. 110. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used in contravention of section 6103 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (relat-ing to confidentiality and disclosure of returns and return information). S
EC. 111. Except to the extent provided in sec-tion 6014, 6020, or 6201(d) of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986, no funds in this or any other Act shall be available to the Secretary of the Treasury to provide to any person a proposed final return or statement for use by such person to satisfy a filing or reporting requirement under such Code. S
EC. 112. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Internal Revenue Service to deny tax exemption under section 501(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 with respect to a church, an integrated auxiliary of a church, or a convention or association of churches for participating in, or intervening in, any political campaign on behalf of (or in oppo-sition to) any candidate for public office un-less— (1) the Commissioner of Internal Revenue de-termines that the exemption should be denied; (2) not later than 30 days after such deter-mination, the Commissioner notifies the Com-mittee on Ways and Means of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate of such determination; and (3) such denial is effective not earlier than 90 days after the date of the notification under paragraph (2). SEC. 113. In addition to the amounts otherwise made available in this Act for the Internal Rev-enue Service, $77,000,000, to be available until September 30, 2020, shall be transferred by the Commissioner to the ‘‘Taxpayer Services’’, ‘‘En-forcement’’, or ‘‘Operations Support’’ accounts of the Internal Revenue Service for an addi-tional amount to be used solely for carrying out Public Law 115–97: Provided, That such funds shall not be available until the Commissioner submits to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate a spending plan for such funds. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —DEPARTMENT OF  
THETREASURY  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 114. Appropriations to the Department of the Treasury in this Act shall be available for uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by law (5 U.S.C. 5901), including maintenance, repairs, and cleaning; purchase of insurance for official motor vehicles operated in foreign coun-tries; purchase of motor vehicles without regard to the general purchase price limitations for ve-hicles purchased and used overseas for the cur-rent fiscal year; entering into contracts with the Department of State for the furnishing of health and medical services to employees and their de-pendents serving in foreign countries; and serv-ices authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109. S
EC. 115. Not to exceed 2 percent of any appro-priations in this title made available under the headings ‘‘Departmental Offices—Salaries and Expenses’’, ‘‘Office of Inspector General’’, ‘‘Spe-cial Inspector General for the Troubled Asset Relief Program’’, ‘‘Financial Crimes Enforce-ment Network’’, ‘‘Bureau of the Fiscal Service’’, and ‘‘Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bu-reau’’ may be transferred between such appro-priations upon the advance approval of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided, That no transfer under this section may increase or decrease any such appropriation by more than 2 percent. S
EC. 116. Not to exceed 2 percent of any ap-propriation made available in this Act to the In-ternal Revenue Service may be transferred to the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Admin-istration’s appropriation upon the advance ap-proval of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided, That no transfer may increase or de-crease any such appropriation by more than 2 percent. S
EC. 117. None of the funds appropriated in this Act or otherwise available to the Depart-ment of the Treasury or the Bureau of Engrav-ing and Printing may be used to redesign the $1 Federal Reserve note. S
EC. 118. The Secretary of the Treasury may transfer funds from the ‘‘Bureau of the Fiscal Service-Salaries and Expenses’’ to the Debt Col-lection Fund as necessary to cover the costs of debt collection: Provided, That such amounts shall be reimbursed to such salaries and ex-penses account from debt collections received in the Debt Collection Fund. S
EC. 119. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act may be used by the United States Mint to construct or operate any museum without the explicit approval of the Committees on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the House Committee on Financial Services, and the Senate Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. S
EC. 120. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act or source to the Department of the Treas-ury, the Bureau of Engraving and Printing, and the United States Mint, individually or collec-tively, may be used to consolidate any or all functions of the Bureau of Engraving and Printing and the United States Mint without the explicit approval of the House Committee on Financial Services; the Senate Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs; and the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. SEC. 121. Funds appropriated by this Act, or made available by the transfer of funds in this Act, for the Department of the Treasury’s intel-ligence or intelligence related activities are deemed to be specifically authorized by the Con-gress for purposes of section 504 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 414) during fiscal year 2019 until the enactment of the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. S
EC. 122. Not to exceed $5,000 shall be made available from the Bureau of Engraving and Printing’s Industrial Revolving Fund for nec-essary official reception and representation ex-penses. S
EC. 123. The Secretary of the Treasury shall submit a Capital Investment Plan to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives not later than 30 days following the submission of the annual budget submitted by the President: Provided, That such Capital Investment Plan shall include capital investment spending from all accounts within the Department of the Treasury, including but not limited to the Department-wide Systems and Capital Investment Programs account, Treasury Franchise Fund account, and the Treasury For-feiture Fund account: Provided further, That such Capital Investment Plan shall include ex-penditures occurring in previous fiscal years for each capital investment project that has not been fully completed. S
EC. 124. Within 45 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treas-ury shall submit an itemized report to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate on the amount of total funds charged to each office by the Fran-chise Fund including the amount charged for each service provided by the Franchise Fund to each office, a detailed description of the serv-ices, a detailed explanation of how each charge for each service is calculated, and a description of the role customers have in governing in the Franchise Fund. S
EC. 125. During fiscal year 2019 — (1) none of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used by the Department of the Treasury, including the Internal Revenue Service, to issue, revise, or finalize any regula-tion, revenue ruling, or other guidance not lim-ited to a particular taxpayer relating to the standard which is used to determine whether an organization is operated exclusively for the pro-motion of social welfare for purposes of section 501(c)(4) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (including the proposed regulations published at 78 Fed. Reg. 71535 (November 29, 2013)); and (2) the standard and definitions as in effect on January 1, 2010, which are used to make such determinations shall apply after the date of the enactment of this Act for purposes of de-termining status under section 501(c)(4) of such Code of organizations created on, before, or after such date. S
EC. 126. (a) Not later than 60 days after the end of each quarter, the Office of Financial Sta-bility and the Office of Financial Research shall submit reports on their activities to the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate, the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representa-tives and the Senate Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. (b) The reports required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) the obligations made during the previous quarter by object class, office, and activity; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00138 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.039 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6403 July 17, 2018 
(2) the estimated obligations for the remainder of the fiscal year by object class, office, and ac-tivity; (3) the number of full-time equivalents within each office during the previous quarter; (4) the estimated number of full-time equiva-lents within each office for the remainder of the fiscal year; and (5) actions taken to achieve the goals, objec-tives, and performance measures of each office. (c) At the request of any such Committees specified in subsection (a), the Office of Finan-cial Stability and the Office of Financial Re-search shall make officials available to testify on the contents of the reports required under subsection (a). S
EC. 127. Amounts made available under the heading ‘‘Office of Terrorism and Financial In-telligence’’ shall be available to reimburse the ‘‘Departmental Offices—Salaries and Expenses’’ account for expenses incurred in such account for reception and representation expenses to support activities of the Financial Action Task Force. S
EC. 128. (a) None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to approve, license, fa-cilitate, authorize, or otherwise allow the use, purchase, trafficking, or import of property con-fiscated by the Cuban Government. (b) In this section, the terms ‘‘confiscated’’, ‘‘Cuban Government’’, ‘‘property’’, and ‘‘traf-fic’’ have the meanings given such terms in paragraphs (4), (5), (12)(A), and (13), respec-tively, of section 4 of the Cuban Liberty and Democratic Solidarity (LIBERTAD) Act of 1996 (22 U.S.C. 6023). S
EC. 129. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to authorize a general license or approve a specific license under sec-tion 501.801 or 515.527 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations, with respect to a mark, trade name, or commercial name that is the same as or substantially similar to a mark, trade name, or commercial name that was used in connection with a business or assets that were confiscated unless the original owner of the mark, trade name, or commercial name, or the bona-fide suc-cessor-in-interest has expressly consented. (b) In this section, the term ‘‘confiscated’’ has a meaning given such term in section 4(4) of the Cuban Liberty and Democratic Solidarity (LIBERTAD) Act of 1996 (22 U.S.C. 6023(4)). S
EC. 130. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act may be ob-ligated or expended to provide for the enforce-ment of any rule, regulation, policy, or guide-line implemented pursuant to the Department of the Treasury ‘‘Guidance for United States Posi-tions on MDBs Engaging with Developing Countries on Coal-Fired Power Generation’’ dated October 29, 2013, when enforcement of such rule, regulation, policy, or guideline would prohibit or have the effect of prohibiting, the carrying out of any coal-fired or other power generation project the purpose of which is to in-crease exports of goods and services from the United States or prevent the loss of jobs from the United States. S
EC. 131. (a) Not later than 60 days after the end of each quarter, the Office of Financial Sta-bility and the Office of Financial Research shall submit reports on their activities to the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate, the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate. (b) The reports required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) the obligations made during the previous quarter by object class, office, and activity; (2) the estimated obligations for the remainder of the fiscal year by object class, office, and ac-tivity; (3) the number of full-time equivalents within each office during the previous quarter; (4) the estimated number of full-time equiva-lents within each office for the remainder of the fiscal year; and (5) actions taken to achieve the goals, objec-tives, and performance measures of each office. (c) At the request of any such Committees specified in subsection (a), the Office of Finan-cial Stability and the Office of Financial Re-search shall make officials available to testify on the contents of the reports required under subsection (a). SEC. 132. During fiscal year 2019, the Office of Financial Research shall provide for a public notice period of not less than 90 days before issuing any proposed report, rule, or regulation. S
EC. 133. (a) Section 155 of Public Law 111–203 is amended as follows: (1) In subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘immediately’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘as provided for in appropria-tion Acts’’ after ‘‘to the Office’’; (B) by striking paragraph (2); and (C) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (2). (2) In subsection (d), by striking the heading and inserting ‘‘ASSESSMENT SCHEDULE.—’’. (b) The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on October 1, 2019.I20 This title may be cited as the ‘‘Department of the Treasury Appropriations Act, 2019’’. TITLE II EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT AND FUNDS APPROPRIATED TO THE PRESIDENT T
HEWHITE HOUSE 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the White House as authorized by law, including not to exceed $3,850,000 for services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 and 3 U.S.C. 105; subsistence expenses as authorized by 3 U.S.C. 105, which shall be ex-pended and accounted for as provided in that section; hire of passenger motor vehicles, and travel (not to exceed $100,000 to be expended and accounted for as provided by 3 U.S.C. 103); and not to exceed $19,000 for official reception and representation expenses, to be available for allo-cation within the Executive Office of the Presi-dent; and for necessary expenses of the Office of Policy Development, including services as au-thorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 and 3 U.S.C. 107, $55,000,000. E
XECUTIVE RESIDENCE AT THE WHITE HOUSE 
OPERATING EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Executive Resi-dence at the White House, $13,081,000, to be ex-pended and accounted for as provided by 3 U.S.C. 105, 109, 110, and 112–114. 
REIMBURSABLE EXPENSES  For the reimbursable expenses of the Execu-tive Residence at the White House, such sums as may be necessary: Provided, That all reimburs-able operating expenses of the Executive Resi-dence shall be made in accordance with the pro-visions of this paragraph: Provided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, such amount for reimbursable operating ex-penses shall be the exclusive authority of the Executive Residence to incur obligations and to receive offsetting collections, for such expenses: Provided further, That the Executive Residence shall require each person sponsoring a reimburs-able political event to pay in advance an amount equal to the estimated cost of the event, and all such advance payments shall be credited to this account and remain available until ex-pended: Provided further, That the Executive Residence shall require the national committee of the political party of the President to main-tain on deposit $25,000, to be separately ac-counted for and available for expenses relating to reimbursable political events sponsored by such committee during such fiscal year: Pro-vided further, That the Executive Residence shall ensure that a written notice of any amount owed for a reimbursable operating ex-pense under this paragraph is submitted to the person owing such amount within 60 days after such expense is incurred, and that such amount is collected within 30 days after the submission of such notice: Provided further, That the Exec-utive Residence shall charge interest and assess penalties and other charges on any such amount that is not reimbursed within such 30 days, in accordance with the interest and pen-alty provisions applicable to an outstanding debt on a United States Government claim under 31 U.S.C. 3717: Provided further, That each such amount that is reimbursed, and any accom-panying interest and charges, shall be deposited in the Treasury as miscellaneous receipts: Pro-vided further, That the Executive Residence shall prepare and submit to the Committees on Appropriations, by not later than 90 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Act, a report setting forth the reimbursable operating expenses of the Executive Residence during the preceding fiscal year, including the total amount of such expenses, the amount of such total that consists of reimbursable official and ceremonial events, the amount of such total that consists of reimbursable political events, and the portion of each such amount that has been re-imbursed as of the date of the report: Provided further, That the Executive Residence shall maintain a system for the tracking of expenses related to reimbursable events within the Execu-tive Residence that includes a standard for the classification of any such expense as political or nonpolitical: Provided further, That no provi-sion of this paragraph may be construed to ex-empt the Executive Residence from any other applicable requirement of subchapter I or II of chapter 37 of title 31, United States Code. WHITE HOUSE REPAIR AND RESTORATION  For the repair, alteration, and improvement of the Executive Residence at the White House pursuant to 3 U.S.C. 105(d), $750,000, to remain available until expended, for required mainte-nance, resolution of safety and health issues, and continued preventative maintenance. C
OUNCIL OF ECONOMIC ADVISERS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Council of Eco-nomic Advisers in carrying out its functions under the Employment Act of 1946 (15 U.S.C. 1021 et seq.), $4,187,000. N
ATIONAL SECURITY COUNCIL AND HOMELAND  S
ECURITY COUNCIL  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the National Secu-rity Council and the Homeland Security Coun-cil, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $13,000,000. O
FFICE OF ADMINISTRATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of Ad-ministration, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 and 3 U.S.C. 107, and hire of pas-senger motor vehicles, $100,000,000, of which not to exceed $12,800,000 shall remain available until expended for continued modernization of infor-mation resources within the Executive Office of the President. O
FFICE OF MANAGEMENT AND BUDGET  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of Man-agement and Budget, including hire of pas-senger motor vehicles and services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, to carry out the provisions of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, and to prepare and submit the budget of the United States Government, in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:02 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00139 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.039 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6404 July 17, 2018 
accordance with section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, $103,000,000, of which not to exceed $3,000 shall be available for official rep-resentation expenses: Provided, That none of the funds appropriated in this Act for the Office of Management and Budget may be used for the purpose of reviewing any agricultural marketing orders or any activities or regulations under the provisions of the Agricultural Marketing Agree-ment Act of 1937 (7 U.S.C. 601 et seq.): Provided further, That none of the funds made available for the Office of Management and Budget by this Act may be expended for the altering of the transcript of actual testimony of witnesses, ex-cept for testimony of officials of the Office of Management and Budget, before the Committees on Appropriations or their subcommittees: Pro-vided further, That none of the funds made available for the Office of Management and Budget by this Act may be expended for the al-tering of the annual work plan developed by the Corps of Engineers for submission to the Com-mittees on Appropriations: Provided further, That of the funds made available for the Office of Management and Budget by this Act, no less than three full-time equivalent senior staff posi-tion shall be dedicated solely to the Office of the Intellectual Property Enforcement Coordinator: Provided further, That none of the funds pro-vided in this or prior Acts shall be used, directly or indirectly, by the Office of Management and Budget, for evaluating or determining if water resource project or study reports submitted by the Chief of Engineers acting through the Sec-retary of the Army are in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations, and requirements relevant to the Civil Works water resource plan-ning process: Provided further, That the Office of Management and Budget shall have not more than 60 days in which to perform budgetary pol-icy reviews of water resource matters on which the Chief of Engineers has reported: Provided further, That the Director of the Office of Man-agement and Budget shall notify the appro-priate authorizing and appropriating committees when the 60-day review is initiated: Provided further, That if water resource reports have not been transmitted to the appropriate authorizing and appropriating committees within 15 days after the end of the Office of Management and Budget review period based on the notification from the Director, Congress shall assume Office of Management and Budget concurrence with the report and act accordingly. O
FFICE OF NATIONAL DRUGCONTROL POLICY  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of Na-tional Drug Control Policy; for research activi-ties pursuant to the Office of National Drug Control Policy Reauthorization Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–469); not to exceed $10,000 for official reception and representation expenses; and for participation in joint projects or in the provision of services on matters of mutual inter-est with nonprofit, research, or public organiza-tions or agencies, with or without reimburse-ment, $17,400,000: Provided, That the Office is authorized to accept, hold, administer, and uti-lize gifts, both real and personal, public and pri-vate, without fiscal year limitation, for the pur-pose of aiding or facilitating the work of the Of-fice. 
FEDERAL DRUG CONTROL PROGRAMS  
HIGH INTENSITY DRUG TRAFFICKING AREAS  
PROGRAM  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Office of Na-tional Drug Control Policy’s High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas Program, $280,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, for drug control activities consistent with the ap-proved strategy for each of the designated High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas (‘‘HIDTAs’’), of which not less than 51 percent shall be trans-ferred to State and local entities for drug control activities and shall be obligated not later than 120 days after enactment of this Act: Provided, That up to 49 percent may be transferred to Federal agencies and departments in amounts determined by the Director of the Office of Na-tional Drug Control Policy, of which up to $2,700,000 may be used for auditing services and associated activities: Provided further, That, notwithstanding the requirements of Public Law 106–58, any unexpended funds obligated prior to fiscal year 2017 may be used for any other ap-proved activities of that HIDTA, subject to re-programming requirements: Provided further, That each HIDTA designated as of September 30, 2018, shall be funded at not less than the fis-cal year 2018 base level, unless the Director sub-mits to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate jus-tification for changes to those levels based on clearly articulated priorities and published Of-fice of National Drug Control Policy perform-ance measures of effectiveness: Provided fur-ther, That the Director shall notify the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the initial allocation of fiscal year 2019 funding among HIDTAs not later than 45 days after enactment of this Act, and shall notify the Committees of planned uses of discretionary HIDTA funding, as determined in consultation with the HIDTA Directors, not later than 90 days after enactment of this Act: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds so transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the pur-poses provided herein and upon notification to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, such amounts may be transferred back to this appro-priation. OTHER FEDERAL DRUG CONTROL PROGRAMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For other drug control activities authorized by the Office of National Drug Control Policy Re-authorization Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–469), $118,327,000, to remain available until expended, which shall be available as follows: $100,000,000 for the Drug-Free Communities Program, of which $2,000,000 shall be made available as di-rected by section 4 of Public Law 107–82, as amended by Public Law 109–469 (21 U.S.C. 1521 note); $2,000,000 for drug court training and technical assistance; $9,500,000 for anti-doping activities; $2,577,000 for the United States mem-bership dues to the World Anti-Doping Agency; and $1,250,000 shall be made available as di-rected by section 1105 of Public Law 109–469; and $3,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, shall be for activities authorized by sec-tion 103 of Public Law 114–198: Provided, That amounts made available under this heading may be transferred to other Federal departments and agencies to carry out such activities. U
NANTICIPATED NEEDS For expenses necessary to enable the Presi-dent to meet unanticipated needs, in further-ance of the national interest, security, or de-fense which may arise at home or abroad during the current fiscal year, as authorized by 3 U.S.C. 108, $1,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. I
NFORMATION TECHNOLOGY OVERSIGHT AND  R
EFORM  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for the furtherance of integrated, efficient, secure, and effective uses of information technology in the Federal Gov-ernment, $15,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Director of the Office of Management and Budget may transfer these funds to one or more other agencies to carry out projects to meet these purposes. SPECIAL ASSISTANCE TO THE PRESIDENT  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses to enable the Vice President to provide assistance to the President in connection with specially assigned functions; services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 and 3 U.S.C. 106, including subsistence expenses as authorized by 3 U.S.C. 106, which shall be ex-pended and accounted for as provided in that section; and hire of passenger motor vehicles, $4,288,000. O
FFICIAL RESIDENCE OF THE VICEPRESIDENT  
OPERATING EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the care, operation, refurnishing, im-provement, and to the extent not otherwise pro-vided for, heating and lighting, including elec-tric power and fixtures, of the official residence of the Vice President; the hire of passenger motor vehicles; and not to exceed $90,000 pursu-ant to 3 U.S.C. 106(b)(2), $302,000: Provided, That advances, repayments, or transfers from this appropriation may be made to any depart-ment or agency for expenses of carrying out such activities. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —EXECUTIVE OF-
FICE OF THE PRESIDENT AND FUNDS APPRO-
PRIATED TO THE PRESIDENT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 201. From funds made available in this Act under the headings ‘‘The White House’’, ‘‘Executive Residence at the White House’’, ‘‘White House Repair and Restoration’’, ‘‘Coun-cil of Economic Advisers’’, ‘‘National Security Council and Homeland Security Council’’, ‘‘Of-fice of Administration’’, ‘‘Special Assistance to the President’’, and ‘‘Official Residence of the Vice President’’, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget (or such other officer as the President may designate in writing), may, with advance approval of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, transfer not to exceed 10 per-cent of any such appropriation to any other such appropriation, to be merged with and available for the same time and for the same purposes as the appropriation to which trans-ferred: Provided, That the amount of an appro-priation shall not be increased by more than 50 percent by such transfers: Provided further, That no amount shall be transferred from ‘‘Spe-cial Assistance to the President’’ or ‘‘Official Residence of the Vice President’’ without the approval of the Vice President. S
EC. 202. (a) During fiscal year 2019, any Ex-ecutive order or Presidential memorandum issued or revoked by the President shall be ac-companied by a written statement from the Di-rector of the Office of Management and Budget on the budgetary impact, including costs, bene-fits, and revenues, of such order or memo-randum. (b) Any such statement shall include— (1) a narrative summary of the budgetary im-pact of such order or memorandum on the Fed-eral Government; (2) the impact on mandatory and discre-tionary obligations and outlays as the result of such order or memorandum, listed by Federal agency, for each year in the 5-fiscal year period beginning in fiscal year 2019; and (3) the impact on revenues of the Federal Gov-ernment as the result of such order or memo-randum over the 5-fiscal-year period beginning in fiscal year 2019. (c) If an Executive order or Presidential memorandum is issued during fiscal year 2019 due to a national emergency, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget may issue the statement required by subsection (a) not later than 15 days after the date that such order or memorandum is issued. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:02 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00140 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.039 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6405 July 17, 2018 
(d) The requirement for cost estimates for Presidential memoranda shall only apply for Presidential memoranda estimated to have a regulatory cost in excess of $100,000,000. This title may be cited as the ‘‘Executive Of-fice of the President Appropriations Act, 2019’’. TITLE III THE JUDICIARY S
UPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the operation of the Supreme Court, as required by law, exclud-ing care of the building and grounds, including hire of passenger motor vehicles as authorized by 31 U.S.C. 1343 and 1344; not to exceed $10,000 for official reception and representation ex-penses; and for miscellaneous expenses, to be ex-pended as the Chief Justice may approve, $84,703,000, of which $1,500,000 shall remain available until expended. In addition, there are appropriated such sums as may be necessary under current law for the salaries of the chief justice and associate jus-tices of the court. 
CARE OF THE BUILDING AND GROUNDS  For such expenditures as may be necessary to enable the Architect of the Capitol to carry out the duties imposed upon the Architect by 40 U.S.C. 6111 and 6112, $15,999,000, to remain available until expended. U
NITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE  F
EDERAL CIRCUIT  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For salaries of officers and employees, and for necessary expenses of the court, as authorized by law, $32,016,000. In addition, there are appropriated such sums as may be necessary under current law for the salaries of the chief judge and judges of the court. U
NITED STATES COURT OF INTERNATIONAL  T
RADE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For salaries of officers and employees of the court, services, and necessary expenses of the court, as authorized by law, $19,450,000. In addition, there are appropriated such sums as may be necessary under current law for the salaries of the chief judge and judges of the court. C
OURTS OF APPEALS , DISTRICT COURTS , AND O
THER JUDICIAL SERVICES  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For the salaries of judges of the United States Court of Federal Claims, magistrate judges, and all other officers and employees of the Federal Judiciary not otherwise specifically provided for, necessary expenses of the courts, and the purchase, rental, repair, and cleaning of uni-forms for Probation and Pretrial Services Office staff, as authorized by law, $5,167,961,000 (in-cluding the purchase of firearms and ammuni-tion); of which not to exceed $27,817,000 shall re-main available until expended for space alter-ation projects and for furniture and furnishings related to new space alteration and construction projects. In addition, there are appropriated such sums as may be necessary under current law for the salaries of circuit and district judges (including judges of the territorial courts of the United States), bankruptcy judges, and justices and judges retired from office or from regular active service. In addition, for expenses of the United States Court of Federal Claims associated with proc-essing cases under the National Childhood Vac-cine Injury Act of 1986 (Public Law 99–660), not to exceed $8,475,000, to be appropriated from the Vaccine Injury Compensation Trust Fund. DEFENDER SERVICES  For the operation of Federal Defender organi-zations; the compensation and reimbursement of expenses of attorneys appointed to represent persons under 18 U.S.C. 3006A and 3599, and for the compensation and reimbursement of ex-penses of persons furnishing investigative, ex-pert, and other services for such representations as authorized by law; the compensation (in ac-cordance with the maximums under 18 U.S.C. 3006A) and reimbursement of expenses of attor-neys appointed to assist the court in criminal cases where the defendant has waived represen-tation by counsel; the compensation and reim-bursement of expenses of attorneys appointed to represent jurors in civil actions for the protec-tion of their employment, as authorized by 28 U.S.C. 1875(d)(1); the compensation and reim-bursement of expenses of attorneys appointed under 18 U.S.C. 983(b)(1) in connection with cer-tain judicial civil forfeiture proceedings; the compensation and reimbursement of travel ex-penses of guardians ad litem appointed under 18 U.S.C. 4100(b); and for necessary training and general administrative expenses, $1,142,427,000 to remain available until expended. 
FEES OF JURORS AND COMMISSIONERS  For fees and expenses of jurors as authorized by 28 U.S.C. 1871 and 1876; compensation of jury commissioners as authorized by 28 U.S.C. 1863; and compensation of commissioners appointed in condemnation cases pursuant to rule 71.1(h) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure (28 U.S.C. Appendix Rule 71.1(h)), $49,750,000, to re-main available until expended: Provided, That the compensation of land commissioners shall not exceed the daily equivalent of the highest rate payable under 5 U.S.C. 5332. 
COURT SECURITY  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, incident to the provision of protective guard services for United States courthouses and other facilities housing Federal court oper-ations, and the procurement, installation, and maintenance of security systems and equipment for United States courthouses and other facili-ties housing Federal court operations, including building ingress-egress control, inspection of mail and packages, directed security patrols, pe-rimeter security, basic security services provided by the Federal Protective Service, and other similar activities as authorized by section 1010 of the Judicial Improvement and Access to Justice Act (Public Law 100–702), $604,460,000, of which not to exceed $20,000,000 shall remain available until expended, to be expended directly or trans-ferred to the United States Marshals Service, which shall be responsible for administering the Judicial Facility Security Program consistent with standards or guidelines agreed to by the Director of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts and the Attorney General. A
DMINISTRATIVE OFFICE OF THE UNITED STATES  C
OURTS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts as authorized by law, including travel as authorized by 31 U.S.C. 1345, hire of a passenger motor vehicle as authorized by 31 U.S.C. 1343(b), advertising and rent in the District of Columbia and elsewhere, $92,413,000, of which not to exceed $8,500 is au-thorized for official reception and representa-tion expenses. F
EDERAL JUDICIAL CENTER  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Federal Judicial Center, as authorized by Public Law 90–219, $29,819,000; of which $1,800,000 shall remain available through September 30, 2020, to provide education and training to Federal court per-sonnel; and of which not to exceed $1,500 is au-thorized for official reception and representa-tion expenses. UNITED STATES SENTENCING COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For the salaries and expenses necessary to carry out the provisions of chapter 58 of title 28, United States Code, $18,548,000, of which not to exceed $1,000 is authorized for official reception and representation expenses. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —THEJUDICIARY  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 301. Appropriations and authorizations made in this title which are available for sala-ries and expenses shall be available for services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109. S
EC. 302. Not to exceed 5 percent of any ap-propriation made available for the current fiscal year for the Judiciary in this Act may be trans-ferred between such appropriations, but no such appropriation, except ‘‘Courts of Appeals, Dis-trict Courts, and Other Judicial Services, De-fender Services’’ and ‘‘Courts of Appeals, Dis-trict Courts, and Other Judicial Services, Fees of Jurors and Commissioners’’, shall be increased by more than 10 percent by any such transfers: Provided, That any transfer pursuant to this section shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under sections 604 and 608 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expendi-ture except in compliance with the procedures set forth in section 608. S
EC. 303. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the salaries and expenses appropriation for ‘‘Courts of Appeals, District Courts, and Other Judicial Services’’ shall be available for official reception and representation expenses of the Judicial Conference of the United States: Provided, That such available funds shall not exceed $11,000 and shall be administered by the Director of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts in the capacity as Sec-retary of the Judicial Conference. S
EC. 304. Section 3315(a) of title 40, United States Code, shall be applied by substituting ‘‘Federal’’ for ‘‘executive’’ each place it ap-pears. S
EC. 305. In accordance with 28 U.S.C. 561– 569, and notwithstanding any other provision of law, the United States Marshals Service shall provide, for such courthouses as its Director may designate in consultation with the Director of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts, for purposes of a pilot program, the se-curity services that 40 U.S.C. 1315 authorizes the Department of Homeland Security to provide, except for the services specified in 40 U.S.C. 1315(b)(2)(E). For building-specific security serv-ices at these courthouses, the Director of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts shall reimburse the United States Mar-shals Service rather than the Department of Homeland Security. S
EC. 306. (a) Section 203(c) of the Judicial Im-provements Act of 1990 (Public Law 101–650; 28 U.S.C. 133 note), is amended in the second sen-tence (relating to the District of Kansas) fol-lowing paragraph (12), by striking ‘‘27 years and 6 months’’ and inserting ‘‘28 years and 6 months’’. (b) Section 406 of the Transportation, Treas-ury, Housing and Urban Development, the Judi-ciary, the District of Columbia, and Inde-pendent Agencies Appropriations Act, 2006 (Public Law 109–115; 119 Stat. 2470; 28 U.S.C. 133 note) is amended in the second sentence (re-lating to the Eastern District of Missouri) by striking ‘‘25 years and 6 months’’ and inserting ‘‘26 years and 6 months’’. (c) Section 312(c)(2) of the 21st Century De-partment of Justice Appropriations Authoriza-tion Act (Public Law 107–273; 28 U.S.C. 133 note), is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:02 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00141 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.039 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6406 July 17, 2018 
(1) in the first sentence by inserting after ‘‘ex-cept in the case of’’ the following: ‘‘the northern district of Alabama,’’; (2) in the first sentence by inserting after ‘‘the central district of California’’ the following: ‘‘,’’; (3) in the first sentence by striking ‘‘16 years’’ and inserting ‘‘17 years’’; (4) by adding at the end of the first sentence the following: ‘‘The first vacancy in the office of district judge in the northern district of Ala-bama occurring 16 years or more after the con-firmation date of the judge named to fill the temporary district judgeship created in that dis-trict by this subsection, shall not be filled.’’; (5) in the third sentence (relating to the cen-tral District of California), by striking ‘‘15 years and 6 months’’ and inserting ‘‘16 years and 6 months’’; and (6) in the fourth sentence (relating to the western district of North Carolina), by striking ‘‘14 years’’ and inserting ‘‘15 years’’. This title may be cited as the ‘‘Judiciary Ap-propriations Act, 2019’’. TITLE IV DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA F
EDERAL FUNDS 
FEDERAL PAYMENT FOR RESIDENT TUITION  
SUPPORT  For a Federal payment to the District of Co-lumbia, to be deposited into a dedicated ac-count, for a nationwide program to be adminis-tered by the Mayor, for District of Columbia resident tuition support, $30,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such funds, including any interest accrued thereon, may be used on behalf of eligible District of Co-lumbia residents to pay an amount based upon the difference between in-State and out-of-State tuition at public institutions of higher edu-cation, or to pay up to $2,500 each year at eligi-ble private institutions of higher education: Pro-vided further, That the awarding of such funds may be prioritized on the basis of a resident’s academic merit, the income and need of eligible students and such other factors as may be au-thorized: Provided further, That the District of Columbia government shall maintain a dedi-cated account for the Resident Tuition Support Program that shall consist of the Federal funds appropriated to the Program in this Act and any subsequent appropriations, any unobligated balances from prior fiscal years, and any inter-est earned in this or any fiscal year: Provided further, That the account shall be under the control of the District of Columbia Chief Finan-cial Officer, who shall use those funds solely for the purposes of carrying out the Resident Tui-tion Support Program: Provided further, That the Office of the Chief Financial Officer shall provide a quarterly financial report to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate for these funds showing, by object class, the expenditures made and the purpose therefor. 
FEDERAL PAYMENT FOR EMERGENCY PLANNING  
AND SECURITY COSTS IN THE DISTRICT OF CO -
LUMBIA  For a Federal payment of necessary expenses, as determined by the Mayor of the District of Columbia in written consultation with the elect-ed county or city officials of surrounding juris-dictions, $13,000,000, to remain available until expended, for the costs of providing public safe-ty at events related to the presence of the Na-tional Capital in the District of Columbia, in-cluding support requested by the Director of the United States Secret Service in carrying out pro-tective duties under the direction of the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, and for the costs of providing support to respond to immediate and specific terrorist threats or attacks in the District of Columbia or surrounding jurisdic-tions. FEDERAL PAYMENT TO THE DISTRICT OF  
COLUMBIA COURTS  For salaries and expenses for the District of Columbia Courts, $288,280,000 to be allocated as follows: for the District of Columbia Court of Appeals, $14,670,000, of which not to exceed $2,500 is for official reception and representation expenses; for the Superior Court of the District of Columbia, $122,770,000, of which not to exceed $2,500 is for official reception and representation expenses; for the District of Columbia Court Sys-tem, $77,016,000, of which not to exceed $2,500 is for official reception and representation ex-penses; and $73,824,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, for capital improve-ments for District of Columbia courthouse facili-ties: Provided, That funds made available for capital improvements shall be expended con-sistent with the District of Columbia Courts master plan study and facilities condition as-sessment: Provided further, That, in addition to the amounts appropriated herein, fees received by the District of Columbia Courts for admin-istering bar examinations and processing Dis-trict of Columbia bar admissions may be re-tained and credited to this appropriation, to re-main available until expended, for salaries and expenses associated with such activities, not-withstanding section 450 of the District of Co-lumbia Home Rule Act (D.C. Official Code, sec. 1–204.50): Provided further, That notwith-standing any other provision of law, all amounts under this heading shall be appor-tioned quarterly by the Office of Management and Budget and obligated and expended in the same manner as funds appropriated for salaries and expenses of other Federal agencies: Pro-vided further, That 30 days after providing writ-ten notice to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the District of Columbia Courts may reallocate not more than $9,000,000 of the funds provided under this heading among the items and entities funded under this heading: Provided further, That the Joint Committee on Judicial Adminis-tration in the District of Columbia may, by reg-ulation, establish a program substantially simi-lar to the program set forth in subchapter II of chapter 35 of title 5, United States Code, for em-ployees of the District of Columbia Courts. 
FEDERAL PAYMENT FOR DEFENDER SERVICES IN  
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA COURTS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For payments authorized under section 11– 2604 and section 11–2605, D.C. Official Code (re-lating to representation provided under the Dis-trict of Columbia Criminal Justice Act), pay-ments for counsel appointed in proceedings in the Family Court of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia under chapter 23 of title 16, D.C. Official Code, or pursuant to contractual agreements to provide guardian ad litem rep-resentation, training, technical assistance, and such other services as are necessary to improve the quality of guardian ad litem representation, payments for counsel appointed in adoption proceedings under chapter 3 of title 16, D.C. Of-ficial Code, and payments authorized under sec-tion 21–2060, D.C. Official Code (relating to services provided under the District of Columbia Guardianship, Protective Proceedings, and Du-rable Power of Attorney Act of 1986), $49,890,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That not more than $20,000,000 in un-obligated funds provided in this account may be transferred to and merged with funds made available under the heading ‘‘Federal Payment to the District of Columbia Courts,’’ to be avail-able for the same period and purposes as funds made available under that heading for capital improvements to District of Columbia courthouse facilities: Provided further, That funds provided under this heading shall be administered by the Joint Committee on Judicial Administration in the District of Columbia: Provided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, this appropriation shall be apportioned quarterly by the Office of Management and Budget and obligated and expended in the same manner as funds appropriated for expenses of other Federal agencies. FEDERAL PAYMENT TO THE COURT SERVICES AND  
OFFENDER SUPERVISION AGENCY FOR THE DIS -
TRICT OF COLUMBIA  For salaries and expenses, including the transfer and hire of motor vehicles, of the Court Services and Offender Supervision Agency for the District of Columbia, as authorized by the National Capital Revitalization and Self-Gov-ernment Improvement Act of 1997, $256,724,000, of which not to exceed $2,000 is for official re-ception and representation expenses related to Community Supervision and Pretrial Services Agency programs, and of which not to exceed $25,000 is for dues and assessments relating to the implementation of the Court Services and Offender Supervision Agency Interstate Super-vision Act of 2002: Provided, That, of the funds appropriated under this heading, $183,166,000 shall be for necessary expenses of Community Supervision and Sex Offender Registration, to include expenses relating to the supervision of adults subject to protection orders or the provi-sion of services for or related to such persons, of which $5,919,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2021 for costs associated with relo-cation under a replacement lease for head-quarters offices, field offices, and related facili-ties: Provided further, That, of the funds appro-priated under this heading, $73,558,000 shall be available to the Pretrial Services Agency, of which $7,304,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2021 for costs associated with relo-cation under a replacement lease for head-quarters offices, field offices, and related facili-ties: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, all amounts under this heading shall be apportioned quarterly by the Office of Management and Budget and obli-gated and expended in the same manner as funds appropriated for salaries and expenses of other Federal agencies: Provided further, That amounts under this heading may be used for programmatic incentives for defendants to suc-cessfully complete their terms of supervision. 
FEDERAL PAYMENT TO THE DISTRICT OF  
COLUMBIA PUBLIC DEFENDER SERVICE  For salaries and expenses, including the transfer and hire of motor vehicles, of the Dis-trict of Columbia Public Defender Service, as authorized by the National Capital Revitaliza-tion and Self-Government Improvement Act of 1997, $45,858,000, of which $4,471,000 shall re-main available until September 30, 2021 for costs associated with relocation under a replacement lease for headquarters offices, field offices, and related facilities: Provided, That notwith-standing any other provision of law, all amounts under this heading shall be appor-tioned quarterly by the Office of Management and Budget and obligated and expended in the same manner as funds appropriated for salaries and expenses of Federal agencies. 
FEDERAL PAYMENT TO THE CRIMINAL JUSTICE  
COORDINATING COUNCIL  For a Federal payment to the Criminal Justice Coordinating Council, $2,000,000, to remain available until expended, to support 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:02 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00142 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.039 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6407 July 17, 2018 
initiatives related to the coordination of Federal and local criminal justice resources in the Dis-trict of Columbia. 
FEDERAL PAYMENT FOR JUDICIAL COMMISSIONS  For a Federal payment, to remain available until September 30, 2020, to the Commission on Judicial Disabilities and Tenure, $295,000, and for the Judicial Nomination Commission, $270,000. 
FEDERAL PAYMENT FOR SCHOOL IMPROVEMENT  For a Federal payment for a school improve-ment program in the District of Columbia, $45,000,000, to remain available until expended, for payments authorized under the Scholarship for Opportunity and Results Act (division C of Public Law 112–10): Provided, That, to the ex-tent that funds are available for opportunity scholarships and following the priorities in-cluded in section 3006 of such Act, the Secretary of Education shall make scholarships available to students eligible under section 3013(3) of such Act (Public Law 112–10; 125 Stat. 211) including students who were not offered a scholarship during any previous school year: Provided fur-ther, That within funds provided for oppor-tunity scholarships up to $3,200,000 shall be for the activities specified in sections 3007(b) through 3007(d) and 3009 of such Act. 
FEDERAL PAYMENT FOR THE DISTRICT OF  
COLUMBIA NATIONAL GUARD  For a Federal payment to the District of Co-lumbia National Guard, $435,000, to remain available until expended for the Major General David F. Wherley, Jr. District of Columbia Na-tional Guard Retention and College Access Pro-gram. 
FEDERAL PAYMENT FOR TESTING AND TREATMENT  
OF HIV /AIDS For a Federal payment to the District of Co-lumbia for the testing of individuals for, and the treatment of individuals with, human immuno-deficiency virus and acquired immunodeficiency syndrome in the District of Columbia, $5,000,000. D
ISTRICT OF COLUMBIA FUNDS Local funds are appropriated for the District of Columbia for the current fiscal year out of the General Fund of the District of Columbia (‘‘General Fund’’) for programs and activities set forth under the heading ‘‘
PART A —SUMMARY  
OF EXPENSES ’’ and at the rate set forth under such heading, as included in the Fiscal Year 2019 Budget Request Act of 2018 submitted to Congress by the District of Columbia, as amend-ed as of the date of enactment of this Act: Pro-vided, That notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, except as provided in section 450A of the District of Columbia Home Rule Act (sec-tion 1–204.50a, D.C. Official Code), sections 816 and 817 of the Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Act, 2009 (secs. 47– 369.01 and 47–369.02, D.C. Official Code), and provisions of this Act, the total amount appro-priated in this Act for operating expenses for the District of Columbia for fiscal year 2019 under this heading shall not exceed the estimates in-cluded in the Fiscal Year 2019 Budget Request Act of 2018 submitted to Congress by the District of Columbia, as amended as of the date of en-actment of this Act or the sum of the total reve-nues of the District of Columbia for such fiscal year: Provided further, That the amount appro-priated may be increased by proceeds of one- time transactions, which are expended for emer-gency or unanticipated operating or capital needs: Provided further, That such increases shall be approved by enactment of local District law and shall comply with all reserve require-ments contained in the District of Columbia Home Rule Act: Provided further, That the Chief Financial Officer of the District of Colum-bia shall take such steps as are necessary to as-sure that the District of Columbia meets these requirements, including the apportioning by the Chief Financial Officer of the appropriations and funds made available to the District during fiscal year 2019, except that the Chief Financial Officer may not reprogram for operating ex-penses any funds derived from bonds, notes, or other obligations issued for capital projects. This title may be cited as the ‘‘District of Co-lumbia Appropriations Act, 2019’’. TITLE V INDEPENDENT AGENCIES ADMINISTRATIVE CONFERENCE OF THE UNITED  S
TATES  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Administrative Conference of the United States, authorized by 5 U.S.C. 591 et seq., $3,100,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2019, of which not to ex-ceed $1,000 is for official reception and represen-tation expenses. C
ONSUMER PRODUCT SAFETY COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Consumer Prod-uct Safety Commission, including hire of pas-senger motor vehicles, services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, but at rates for individuals not to exceed the per diem rate equivalent to the max-imum rate payable under 5 U.S.C. 5376, pur-chase of nominal awards to recognize non-Fed-eral officials’ contributions to Commission ac-tivities, and not to exceed $8,000 for official re-ception and representation expenses, $127,000,000. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISION —CONSUMER PRODUCT  
SAFETY COMMISSION  S
EC. 501. During fiscal year 2019, none of the amounts made available by this Act may be used to finalize or implement the Safety Standard for Recreational Off-Highway Vehicles published by the Consumer Product Safety Commission in the Federal Register on November 19, 2014 (79 Fed. Reg. 68964) until after— (1) the National Academy of Sciences, in con-sultation with the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration and the Department of Defense, completes a study to determine— (A) the technical validity of the lateral sta-bility and vehicle handling requirements pro-posed by such standard for purposes of reducing the risk of Recreational Off-Highway Vehicle (referred to in this section as ‘‘ROV’’) rollovers in the off-road environment, including the re-peatability and reproducibility of testing for compliance with such requirements; (B) the number of ROV rollovers that would be prevented if the proposed requirements were adopted; (C) whether there is a technical basis for the proposal to provide information on a point-of- sale hangtag about a ROV’s rollover resistance on a progressive scale; and (D) the effect on the utility of ROVs used by the United States military if the proposed re-quirements were adopted; and (2) a report containing the results of the study completed under paragraph (1) is delivered to— (A) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives; (C) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (D) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. E
LECTION ASSISTANCE COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses to carry out the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–252), $10,100,000, of which $1,500,000 shall be trans-ferred to the National Institute of Standards and Technology for election reform activities authorized under the Help America Vote Act of 2002. FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Federal Commu-nications Commission, as authorized by law, in-cluding uniforms and allowances therefor, as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902; not to exceed $4,000 for official reception and representation expenses; purchase and hire of motor vehicles; special counsel fees; and services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $335,118,000, to remain avail-able until expended: Provided, That $335,118,000 of offsetting collections shall be assessed and collected pursuant to section 9 of title I of the Communications Act of 1934, shall be retained and used for necessary expenses and shall re-main available until expended: Provided fur-ther, That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced as such offsetting collections are re-ceived during fiscal year 2019 so as to result in a final fiscal year 2019 appropriation estimated at $0: Provided further, That any offsetting col-lections received in excess of $335,118,000 in fis-cal year 2019 shall not be available for obliga-tion: Provided further, That remaining offset-ting collections from prior years collected in ex-cess of the amount specified for collection in each such year and otherwise becoming avail-able on October 1, 2018, shall not be available for obligation: Provided further, That, notwith-standing 47 U.S.C. 309(j)(8)(B), proceeds from the use of a competitive bidding system that may be retained and made available for obligation shall not exceed $130,284,000 for fiscal year 2019: Provided further, That, of the amount appro-priated under this heading, not less than $11,064,000 shall be for the salaries and expenses of the Office of Inspector General. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISION —FEDERAL  
COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION  S
EC. 510. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used by the Federal Commu-nications Commission to modify, amend, or change its rules or regulations for universal service support payments to implement the Feb-ruary 27, 2004 recommendations of the Federal- State Joint Board on Universal Service regard-ing single connection or primary line restrictions on universal service support payments. F
EDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION  
OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $42,982,000, to be derived from the Deposit Insurance Fund or, only when appropriate, the FSLIC Resolution Fund. F
EDERAL ELECTION COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses to carry out the provi-sions of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971, $71,250,000, of which not to exceed $5,000 shall be available for reception and representa-tion expenses. F
EDERAL LABOR RELATIONS AUTHORITY  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses to carry out functions of the Federal Labor Relations Authority, pur-suant to Reorganization Plan Numbered 2 of 1978, and the Civil Service Reform Act of 1978, including services authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, and including hire of experts and consultants, hire of passenger motor vehicles, and including official reception and representation expenses (not to exceed $1,500) and rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia and elsewhere, $26,200,000: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:02 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00143 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.039 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6408 July 17, 2018 
Provided, That public members of the Federal Service Impasses Panel may be paid travel ex-penses and per diem in lieu of subsistence as au-thorized by law (5 U.S.C. 5703) for persons em-ployed intermittently in the Government service, and compensation as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109: Provided further, That, notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, funds received from fees charged to non-Federal participants at labor-manage-ment relations conferences shall be credited to and merged with this account, to be available without further appropriation for the costs of carrying out these conferences. F
EDERAL TRADE COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Federal Trade Commission, including uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902; services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; hire of passenger motor vehicles; and not to exceed $2,000 for official reception and representation expenses, $311,700,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That not to exceed $300,000 shall be available for use to contract with a per-son or persons for collection services in accord-ance with the terms of 31 U.S.C. 3718: Provided further, That, notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, not to exceed $136,000,000 of offset-ting collections derived from fees collected for premerger notification filings under the Hart- Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 (15 U.S.C. 18a), regardless of the year of collection, shall be retained and used for nec-essary expenses in this appropriation: Provided further, That, notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, not to exceed $17,000,000 in offset-ting collections derived from fees sufficient to implement and enforce the Telemarketing Sales Rule, promulgated under the Telemarketing and Consumer Fraud and Abuse Prevention Act (15 U.S.C. 6101 et seq.), shall be credited to this ac-count, and be retained and used for necessary expenses in this appropriation: Provided fur-ther, That the sum herein appropriated from the general fund shall be reduced as such offsetting collections are received during fiscal year 2019, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2019 appro-priation from the general fund estimated at not more than $158,700,000: Provided further, That none of the funds made available to the Federal Trade Commission may be used to implement subsection (e)(2)(B) of section 43 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1831t). G
ENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION  
REAL PROPERTY ACTIVITIES  
FEDERAL BUILDINGS FUND  
LIMITATIONS ON AVAILABILITY OF REVENUE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  Amounts in the Fund, including revenues and collections deposited into the Fund, shall be available for necessary expenses of real property management and related activities not otherwise provided for, including operation, maintenance, and protection of federally owned and leased buildings; rental of buildings in the District of Columbia; restoration of leased premises; moving governmental agencies (including space adjust-ments and telecommunications relocation ex-penses) in connection with the assignment, allo-cation, and transfer of space; contractual serv-ices incident to cleaning or servicing buildings, and moving; repair and alteration of federally owned buildings, including grounds, ap-proaches, and appurtenances; care and safe-guarding of sites; maintenance, preservation, demolition, and equipment; acquisition of build-ings and sites by purchase, condemnation, or as otherwise authorized by law; acquisition of op-tions to purchase buildings and sites; conversion and extension of federally owned buildings; pre-liminary planning and design of projects by contract or otherwise; construction of new buildings (including equipment for such build-ings); and payment of principal, interest, and any other obligations for public buildings ac-quired by installment purchase and purchase contract; in the aggregate amount of $8,634,574,000, of which— (1) $275,900,000 shall remain available until expended for construction and acquisition (in-cluding funds for sites and expenses, and associ-ated design and construction services) as fol-lows: (A) $275,900,000 shall be for the Calexico, Cali-fornia, Calexico West Land Port of Entry; Provided, That each of the foregoing limits of costs on new construction and acquisition projects may be exceeded to the extent that sav-ings are effected in other such projects, but not to exceed 10 percent of the amounts included in a transmitted prospectus, if required, unless ad-vance approval is obtained from the Committees on Appropriations of a greater amount; (2) $679,934,000 shall remain available until expended for repairs and alterations, including associated design and construction services, of which— (A) $286,344,000 is for Major Repairs and Al-terations; (B) $312,090,000 is for Basic Repairs and Alter-ations; and (C) $81,500,000 is for Special Emphasis Pro-grams, of which— (i) $30,000,000 is for Fire and Life Safety; (ii) $11,500,000 is for Judiciary Capital Secu-rity; and (iii) $40,000,000 is for Consolidation Activities: Provided, That consolidation projects result in reduced annual rent paid by the tenant agency: Provided further, That no consolidation project exceed $10,000,000 in costs: Provided further, That consolidation projects are approved by each of the committees specified in section 3307(a) of title 40, United States Code: Provided further, That preference is given to consolida-tion projects that achieve a utilization rate of 130 usable square feet or less per person for of-fice space: Provided further, That the obligation of funds under this paragraph for consolidation activities may not be made until 10 days after a proposed spending plan and explanation for each project to be undertaken, including esti-mated savings, has been submitted to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate: Provided, That funds made available in this or any previous Act in the Federal Buildings Fund for Repairs and Alterations shall, for prospectus projects, be limited to the amount identified for each project, except each project in this or any previous Act may be increased by an amount not to exceed 10 percent unless advance ap-proval is obtained from the Committees on Ap-propriations of a greater amount: Provided fur-ther, That additional projects for which prospectuses have been fully approved may be funded under this category only if advance ap-proval is obtained from the Committees on Ap-propriations: Provided further, That the amounts provided in this or any prior Act for ‘‘Repairs and Alterations’’ may be used to fund costs associated with implementing security im-provements to buildings necessary to meet the minimum standards for security in accordance with current law and in compliance with the re-programming guidelines of the appropriate Com-mittees of the House and Senate: Provided fur-ther, That the difference between the funds ap-propriated and expended on any projects in this or any prior Act, under the heading ‘‘Repairs and Alterations’’, may be transferred to Basic Repairs and Alterations or used to fund author-ized increases in prospectus projects: Provided further, That the amount provided in this or any prior Act for Basic Repairs and Alterations may be used to pay claims against the Govern-ment arising from any projects under the head-ing ‘‘Repairs and Alterations’’ or used to fund authorized increases in prospectus projects; (3) $5,430,345,000 for rental of space to remain available until expended; and (4) $2,248,395,000 for building operations to re-main available until expended, of which $1,126,014,000 is for building services, and $1,122,381,000 is for salaries and expenses: Pro-vided, That not to exceed 5 percent of any ap-propriation made available under this para-graph for building operations may be trans-ferred between and merged with such appropria-tions upon notification to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, but no such appropriation shall be increased by more than 5 percent by any such transfers: Provided further, That section 521 of this title shall not apply with respect to funds made available under this heading for building operations: Provided further, That the total amount of funds made available from this Fund to the General Services Administration shall not be available for expenses of any construction, repair, alteration and acquisition project for which a prospectus, if required by 40 U.S.C. 3307(a), has not been approved, except that nec-essary funds may be expended for each project for required expenses for the development of a proposed prospectus: Provided further, That funds available in the Federal Buildings Fund may be expended for emergency repairs when advance approval is obtained from the Commit-tees on Appropriations: Provided further, That amounts necessary to provide reimbursable spe-cial services to other agencies under 40 U.S.C. 592(b)(2) and amounts to provide such reimburs-able fencing, lighting, guard booths, and other facilities on private or other property not in Government ownership or control as may be ap-propriate to enable the United States Secret Service to perform its protective functions pur-suant to 18 U.S.C. 3056, shall be available from such revenues and collections: Provided further, That revenues and collections and any other sums accruing to this Fund during fiscal year 2019, excluding reimbursements under 40 U.S.C. 592(b)(2), in excess of the aggregate new obligational authority authorized for Real Prop-erty Activities of the Federal Buildings Fund in this Act shall remain in the Fund and shall not be available for expenditure except as author-ized in appropriations Acts. GENERAL ACTIVITIES  
GOVERNMENT -WIDE POLICY  For expenses authorized by law, not otherwise provided for, for Government-wide policy and evaluation activities associated with the man-agement of real and personal property assets and certain administrative services; Govern-ment-wide policy support responsibilities relat-ing to acquisition, travel, motor vehicles, infor-mation technology management, and related technology activities; and services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; $60,000,000. 
OPERATING EXPENSES  For expenses authorized by law, not otherwise provided for, for Government-wide activities as-sociated with utilization and donation of sur-plus personal property; disposal of real prop-erty; agency-wide policy direction, management, and communications; and services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; $49,440,000, of which $26,890,000 is for Real and Personal Property Management and Disposal; $22,550,000 is for the Office of the Administrator, of which not to ex-ceed $7,500 is for official reception and represen-tation expenses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:02 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00144 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.039 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6409 July 17, 2018 
CIVILIAN BOARD OF CONTRACT APPEALS  For expenses authorized by law, not otherwise provided for, for the activities associated with the Civilian Board of Contract Appeals, $9,301,000. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General and service authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $67,000,000: Provided, That not to exceed $50,000 shall be available for payment for information and detection of fraud against the Government, including payment for recovery of stolen Government property: Provided further, That not to exceed $2,500 shall be available for awards to employees of other Federal agencies and private citizens in recognition of efforts and initiatives resulting in enhanced Office of In-spector General effectiveness. 
ALLOWANCES AND OFFICE STAFF FOR FORMER  
PRESIDENTS  For carrying out the provisions of the Act of August 25, 1958 (3 U.S.C. 102 note), and Public Law 95–138, $4,796,000. 
FEDERAL CITIZEN SERVICES FUND  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Office of Prod-ucts and Programs, including services author-ized by 40 U.S.C. 323 and 44 U.S.C. 3604; and for necessary expenses in support of interagency projects that enable the Federal Government to enhance its ability to conduct activities elec-tronically, through the development and imple-mentation of innovative uses of information technology; $55,000,000, to be deposited into the Federal Citizen Services Fund: Provided, That the previous amount may be transferred to Fed-eral agencies to carry out the purpose of the Federal Citizen Services Fund: Provided further, That the appropriations, revenues, reimburse-ments, and collections deposited into the Fund shall be available until expended for necessary expenses of Federal Citizen Services and other activities that enable the Federal Government to enhance its ability to conduct activities elec-tronically in the aggregate amount not to exceed $100,000,000: Provided further, That appropria-tions, revenues, reimbursements, and collections accruing to this Fund during fiscal year 2019 in excess of such amount shall remain in the Fund and shall not be available for expenditure ex-cept as authorized in appropriations Acts: Pro-vided further, That any appropriations provided to the Electronic Government Fund that remain unobligated may be transferred to the Federal Citizen Services Fund: Provided further, That the transfer authorities provided herein shall be in addition to any other transfer authority pro-vided in this Act. 
TECHNOLOGY MODERNIZATION FUND  For the Technology Modernization Fund, $150,000,000, to remain available until expended, for technology-related modernization activities. A
SSETPROCEEDS AND SPACE MANAGEMENT FUND For carrying out the purposes of the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–287), $31,000,000, to be deposited into the Asset Proceeds and Space Management Fund, to remain available until expended. 
ENVIRONMENTAL REVIEW IMPROVEMENT FUND  For necessary expenses of the Environmental Review Improvement Fund established pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 4370m-8(d), $6,070,000, to remain available until expended. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —GENERAL SERVICES  
ADMINISTRATION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 520. Funds available to the General Serv-ices Administration shall be available for the hire of passenger motor vehicles. SEC. 521. Funds in the Federal Buildings Fund made available for fiscal year 2019 for Federal Buildings Fund activities may be trans-ferred between such activities only to the extent necessary to meet program requirements: Pro-vided, That any proposed transfers shall be ap-proved in advance by the Committees on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. S
EC. 522. Except as otherwise provided in this title, funds made available by this Act shall be used to transmit a fiscal year 2019 request for United States Courthouse construction only if the request: (1) meets the design guide standards for construction as established and approved by the General Services Administration, the Judi-cial Conference of the United States, and the Office of Management and Budget; (2) reflects the priorities of the Judicial Conference of the United States as set out in its approved Court-house Project Priorities plan; and (3) includes a standardized courtroom utilization study of each facility to be constructed, replaced, or ex-panded. S
EC. 523. None of the funds provided in this Act may be used to increase the amount of occu-piable square feet, provide cleaning services, se-curity enhancements, or any other service usu-ally provided through the Federal Buildings Fund, to any agency that does not pay the rate per square foot assessment for space and serv-ices as determined by the General Services Ad-ministration in consideration of the Public Buildings Amendments Act of 1972 (Public Law 92–313). S
EC. 524. From funds made available under the heading ‘‘Federal Buildings Fund, Limita-tions on Availability of Revenue’’, claims against the Government of less than $250,000 arising from direct construction projects and ac-quisition of buildings may be liquidated from savings effected in other construction projects with prior notification to the Committees on Ap-propriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. S
EC. 525. In any case in which the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate adopt a resolution granting lease authority pur-suant to a prospectus transmitted to Congress by the Administrator of the General Services Ad-ministration under 40 U.S.C. 3307, the Adminis-trator shall ensure that the delineated area of procurement is identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus for all lease agree-ments, except that, if the Administrator deter-mines that the delineated area of the procure-ment should not be identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, the Adminis-trator shall provide an explanatory statement to each of such committees and the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate prior to exercising any lease au-thority provided in the resolution. S
EC. 526. With respect to each project funded under the heading ‘‘Major Repairs and Alter-ations’’ or ‘‘Judiciary Capital Security Pro-gram’’, and with respect to E-Government projects funded under the heading ‘‘Federal Cit-izen Services Fund’’, the Administrator of Gen-eral Services shall submit a spending plan and explanation for each project to be undertaken to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act. S
EC. 527. The Administrator of General Serv-ices shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives not later than 30 days following im-plementation of the initiative established under (c)(2) of Section 846 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 41 U.S.C. 1901 note) containing a market analysis and an implementation strategy related to the requirements under subparagraph (h) of Section 846. The report shall address strategies and processes for proper government safeguards to data management and privacy for incorpora-tion into the implementation of Section 846 to ensure a competitive environment. HARRY S TRUMAN SCHOLARSHIP FOUNDATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For payment to the Harry S Truman Scholar-ship Foundation Trust Fund, established by sec-tion 10 of Public Law 93–642, $1,000,000, to re-main available until expended. M
ERITSYSTEMS PROTECTION BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses to carry out functions of the Merit Systems Protection Board pursuant to Reorganization Plan Numbered 2 of 1978, the Civil Service Reform Act of 1978, and the Whis-tleblower Protection Act of 1989 (5 U.S.C. 5509 note), including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia and elsewhere, hire of pas-senger motor vehicles, direct procurement of sur-vey printing, and not to exceed $2,000 for offi-cial reception and representation expenses, $44,490,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, and in addition not to exceed $2,345,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, for administrative expenses to adju-dicate retirement appeals to be transferred from the Civil Service Retirement and Disability Fund in amounts determined by the Merit Sys-tems Protection Board. N
ATIONAL ARCHIVES AND RECORDS  A
DMINISTRATION  
OPERATING EXPENSES  For necessary expenses in connection with the administration of the National Archives and Records Administration and archived Federal records and related activities, as provided by law, and for expenses necessary for the review and declassification of documents, the activities of the Public Interest Declassification Board, the operations and maintenance of the elec-tronic records archives, the hire of passenger motor vehicles, and for uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by law (5 U.S.C. 5901), including maintenance, repairs, and cleaning, $372,400,000. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Reform Act of 2008, Public Law 110–409, 122 Stat. 4302–16 (2008), and the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), and for the hire of passenger motor vehicles, $4,823,000. 
REPAIRS AND RESTORATION  For the repair, alteration, and improvement of archives facilities, and to provide adequate stor-age for holdings, $7,500,000, to remain available until expended. 
NATIONAL HISTORICAL PUBLICATIONS AND  
RECORDS COMMISSION  
GRANTS PROGRAM  For necessary expenses for allocations and grants for historical publications and records as authorized by 44 U.S.C. 2504, $6,000,000, to re-main available until expended. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:02 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00145 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.039 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6410 July 17, 2018 
NATIONAL CREDIT UNION ADMINISTRATION  
COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT REVOLVING LOAN  
FUND  For the Community Development Revolving Loan Fund program as authorized by 42 U.S.C. 9812, 9822 and 9910, $2,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2020, for technical assistance to low-income designated credit unions. O
FFICE OF GOVERNMENT ETHICS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses to carry out functions of the Office of Government Ethics pursuant to the Ethics in Government Act of 1978, the Ethics Reform Act of 1989, and the Stop Trading on Congressional Knowledge Act of 2012, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia and elsewhere, hire of passenger motor vehicles, and not to exceed $1,500 for official reception and representation expenses, $17,019,000. O
FFICE OF PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF TRUST FUNDS)  For necessary expenses to carry out functions of the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) pursuant to Reorganization Plan Numbered 2 of 1978 and the Civil Service Reform Act of 1978, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; medical examinations performed for vet-erans by private physicians on a fee basis; rent-al of conference rooms in the District of Colum-bia and elsewhere; hire of passenger motor vehi-cles; not to exceed $2,500 for official reception and representation expenses; advances for reim-bursements to applicable funds of OPM and the Federal Bureau of Investigation for expenses in-curred under Executive Order No. 10422 of Janu-ary 9, 1953, as amended; and payment of per diem and/or subsistence allowances to employees where Voting Rights Act activities require an employee to remain overnight at his or her post of duty, $132,172,000: Provided, That of the total amount made available under this heading, not to exceed $14,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020, for information technology infrastructure modernization and Trust Fund Federal Financial System migration or mod-ernization, and shall be in addition to funds otherwise made available for such purposes upon submitting to the Committees on Appro-priations of the Senate and House of Represent-atives the plan of expenditure as required by the ‘‘Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017’’: Pro-vided further, That the amount made available by the previous proviso may not be obligated until the Director of the Office of Personnel Management submits to the Committees on Ap-propriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives within 90 days of enactment a plan for expenditure of such amount, prepared in consultation with the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, the Administrator of the United States Digital Service, and the Secretary of Homeland Security, that— (1) identifies the full scope and cost of the IT systems remediation and stabilization project; (2) meets the capital planning and investment control review requirements established by the Office of Management and Budget, including Circular A–11, part 7; (3) includes a Major IT Business Case under the requirements established by the Office of Management and Budget Exhibit 300; (4) complies with the acquisition rules, re-quirements, guidelines, and systems acquisition management practices of the Government; (5) complies with all Office of Management and Budget, Department of Homeland Security and National Institute of Standards and Tech-nology requirements related to securing the agency’s information system as described in 44 U.S.C. 3554; and (6) is reviewed and commented upon within 60 days of plan development by the Inspector Gen-eral of the Office of Personnel Management, and such comments are submitted to the Direc-tor of the Office of Personnel Management be-fore the date of such submission: Provided further, That of the total amount made available under this heading, $639,018 may be made available for strengthening the capac-ity and capabilities of the acquisition workforce (as defined by the Office of Federal Procure-ment Policy Act, as amended (41 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.)), including the recruitment, hiring, train-ing, and retention of such workforce and infor-mation technology in support of acquisition workforce effectiveness or for management solu-tions to improve acquisition management; and in addition $133,483,000 for administrative ex-penses, to be transferred from the appropriate trust funds of OPM without regard to other statutes, including direct procurement of printed materials, for the retirement and insurance pro-grams: Provided further, That the provisions of this appropriation shall not affect the authority to use applicable trust funds as provided by sec-tions 8348(a)(1)(B), 8958(f)(2)(A), 8988(f)(2)(A), and 9004(f)(2)(A) of title 5, United States Code: Provided further, That no part of this appro-priation shall be available for salaries and ex-penses of the Legal Examining Unit of OPM es-tablished pursuant to Executive Order No. 9358 of July 1, 1943, or any successor unit of like pur-pose: Provided further, That the President’s Commission on White House Fellows, estab-lished by Executive Order No. 11183 of October 3, 1964, may, during fiscal year 2019, accept do-nations of money, property, and personal serv-ices: Provided further, That such donations, in-cluding those from prior years, may be used for the development of publicity materials to pro-vide information about the White House Fel-lows, except that no such donations shall be ac-cepted for travel or reimbursement of travel ex-penses, or for the salaries of employees of such Commission. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF TRUST FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, hire of passenger motor vehicles, $5,000,000, and in ad-dition, not to exceed $25,265,000 for administra-tive expenses to audit, investigate, and provide other oversight of the Office of Personnel Man-agement’s retirement and insurance programs, to be transferred from the appropriate trust funds of the Office of Personnel Management, as determined by the Inspector General: Pro-vided, That the Inspector General is authorized to rent conference rooms in the District of Co-lumbia and elsewhere. O
FFICE OF SPECIAL COUNSEL  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses to carry out functions of the Office of Special Counsel pursuant to Re-organization Plan Numbered 2 of 1978, the Civil Service Reform Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–454), the Whistleblower Protection Act of 1989 (Public Law 101–12) as amended by Public Law 107–304, the Whistleblower Protection Enhancement Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–199), and the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–353), including serv-ices as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, payment of fees and expenses for witnesses, rental of con-ference rooms in the District of Columbia and elsewhere, and hire of passenger motor vehicles; $26,252,000. POSTAL REGULATORY COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Postal Regu-latory Commission in carrying out the provi-sions of the Postal Accountability and Enhance-ment Act (Public Law 109–435), $15,200,000, to be derived by transfer from the Postal Service Fund and expended as authorized by section 603(a) of such Act. P
RIVACY AND CIVILLIBERTIES OVERSIGHT  B
OARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, as authorized by section 1061 of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee), $5,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020. P
UBLIC BUILDINGS REFORM BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For salaries and expenses of the Public Build-ings Reform Board in carrying out the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–287), $2,000,000, to remain available until expended. S
ECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Securities and Exchange Commission, including services as au-thorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, the rental of space (to include multiple year leases) in the District of Columbia and elsewhere, and not to exceed $3,500 for official reception and representation expenses, $1,658,302,000, to remain available until expended; of which not less than $15,206,000 shall be for the Office of Inspector General; of which not to exceed $75,000 shall be available for a permanent secretariat for the International Organization of Securities Com-missions; and of which not to exceed $100,000 shall be available for expenses for consultations and meetings hosted by the Commission with foreign governmental and other regulatory offi-cials, members of their delegations and staffs to exchange views concerning securities matters, such expenses to include necessary logistic and administrative expenses and the expenses of Commission staff and foreign invitees in attend-ance including: (1) incidental expenses such as meals; (2) travel and transportation; and (3) re-lated lodging or subsistence. In addition to the foregoing appropriation, for costs associated with relocation under a replace-ment lease for the Commission’s New York re-gional office facilities, not to exceed $37,189,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That for purposes of calculating the fee rate under section 31(j) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78ee(j)) for fiscal year 2019, all amounts appropriated under this head-ing shall be deemed to be the regular appropria-tion to the Commission for fiscal year 2019: Pro-vided further, That fees and charges authorized by section 31 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78ee) shall be credited to this ac-count as offsetting collections: Provided further, That not to exceed $1,658,302,000 of such offset-ting collections shall be available until expended for necessary expenses of this account and not to exceed $37,189,000 of such offsetting collec-tions shall be available until expended for costs under this heading associated with relocation under a replacement lease for the Commission’s New York regional office facilities: Provided fur-ther, That the total amount appropriated under this heading from the general fund for fiscal year 2019 shall be reduced as such offsetting fees 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:02 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00146 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.039 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6411 July 17, 2018 
are received so as to result in a final total fiscal year 2019 appropriation from the general fund estimated at not more than $0: Provided further, That if any amount of the appropriation for costs associated with relocation under a replace-ment lease for the Commission’s New York re-gional office facilities is subsequently de-obli-gated by the Commission, such amount that was derived from the general fund shall be returned to the general fund, and such amounts that were derived from fees or assessments collected for such purpose shall be paid to each national securities exchange and national securities asso-ciation, respectively, in proportion to any fees or assessments paid by such national securities exchange or national securities association under section 31 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78ee) in fiscal year 2019. S
ELECTIVE SERVICE SYSTEM  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Selective Service System, including expenses of attendance at meetings and of training for uniformed per-sonnel assigned to the Selective Service System, as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 4101–4118 for civilian employees; hire of passenger motor vehicles; services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; and not to exceed $750 for official reception and rep-resentation expenses; $26,000,000: Provided, That during the current fiscal year, the Presi-dent may exempt this appropriation from the provisions of 31 U.S.C. 1341, whenever the Presi-dent deems such action to be necessary in the interest of national defense: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated by this Act may be expended for or in connection with the induction of any person into the Armed Forces of the United States. S
MALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, of the Small Business Administration, including hire of passenger motor vehicles as authorized by sections 1343 and 1344 of title 31, United States Code, and not to exceed $3,500 for official reception and representation expenses, $268,500,000, of which not less than $12,000,000 shall be available for examinations, reviews, and other lender oversight activities: Provided, That the Administrator is authorized to charge fees to cover the cost of publications developed by the Small Business Administration, and cer-tain loan program activities, including fees au-thorized by section 5(b) of the Small Business Act: Provided further, That, notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, revenues received from all such ac-tivities shall be credited to this account, to re-main available until expended, for carrying out these purposes without further appropriations: Provided further, That the Small Business Ad-ministration may accept gifts in an amount not to exceed $4,000,000 and may co-sponsor activi-ties, each in accordance with section 132(a) of division K of Public Law 108–447, during fiscal year 2019: Provided further, That $6,100,000 shall be available for the Loan Modernization and Accounting System, to be available until September 30, 2020: Provided further, That $3,000,000 shall be for the Federal and State Technology Partnership Program under section 34 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 657d). 
ENTREPRENEURIAL DEVELOPMENT PROGRAMS  For necessary expenses of programs sup-porting entrepreneurial and small business de-velopment, $251,900,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That $132,600,000 shall be available to fund grants for performance in fiscal year 2019 or fiscal year 2020 as authorized by section 21 of the Small Business Act: Provided further, That $31,600,000 shall be for marketing, management, and tech-nical assistance under section 7(m) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(m)(4)) by inter-mediaries that make microloans under the microloan program: Provided further, That $18,000,000 shall be available for grants to States to carry out export programs that assist small business concerns authorized under section 22(l) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 649(l)). OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $21,900,000. 
OFFICE OF ADVOCACY  For necessary expenses of the Office of Advo-cacy in carrying out the provisions of title II of Public Law 94–305 (15 U.S.C. 634a et seq.) and the Regulatory Flexibility Act of 1980 (5 U.S.C. 601 et seq.), $9,120,000, to remain available until expended. 
BUSINESS LOANS PROGRAM ACCOUNT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the cost of direct loans, $4,000,000, to re-main available until expended: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided fur-ther, That subject to section 502 of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974, during fiscal year 2019 commitments to guarantee loans under sec-tion 503 of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 shall not exceed $7,500,000,000: Provided further, That during fiscal year 2019 commit-ments for general business loans authorized under section 7(a) of the Small Business Act shall not exceed $30,000,000,000 for a combina-tion of amortizing term loans and the aggre-gated maximum line of credit provided by re-volving loans: Provided further, That during fis-cal year 2019 commitments for loans authorized under subparagraph (C) of section 502(7) of The Small Business Investment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 696(7)) shall not exceed $7,500,000,000: Provided further, That during fiscal year 2019 commit-ments to guarantee loans for debentures under section 303(b) of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 shall not exceed $4,000,000,000: Pro-vided further, That during fiscal year 2019, guarantees of trust certificates authorized by section 5(g) of the Small Business Act shall not exceed a principal amount of $12,000,000,000. In addition, for administrative expenses to carry out the direct and guaranteed loan programs, $155,150,000, which may be transferred to and merged with the appropriations for Salaries and Expenses. 
DISASTER LOANS PROGRAM ACCOUNT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For administrative expenses to carry out the direct loan program authorized by section 7(b) of the Small Business Act, $31,308,000, to be available until expended, of which $1,000,000 is for the Office of Inspector General of the Small Business Administration for audits and reviews of disaster loans and the disaster loan programs and shall be transferred to and merged with the appropriations for the Office of Inspector Gen-eral; of which $22,308,000 is for direct adminis-trative expenses of loan making and servicing to carry out the direct loan program, which may be transferred to and merged with the appropria-tions for Salaries and Expenses; and of which $9,000,000 is for indirect administrative expenses for the direct loan program, which may be transferred to and merged with the appropria-tions for Salaries and Expenses. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —SMALL BUSINESS  
ADMINISTRATION  
(INCLUDING RESCISSION AND TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 530. Not to exceed 5 percent of any ap-propriation made available for the current fiscal year for the Small Business Administration in this Act may be transferred between such appro-priations, but no such appropriation shall be in-creased by more than 10 percent by any such transfers: Provided, That any transfer pursuant to this paragraph shall be treated as a re-programming of funds under section 608 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the pro-cedures set forth in that section. SEC. 531. Of the unobligated balances from prior year appropriations available under the ‘‘Business Loans Program Account’’ heading for the Certified Development Company Program, $50,000,000 are hereby permanently rescinded: Provided, That no amounts may be rescinded under this section from amounts that were des-ignated by the Congress as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to a concurrent resolution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. S
EC. 532. Section 12085 of Public Law 110–246 is repealed. U
NITED STATES POSTAL SERVICE  
PAYMENT TO THE POSTAL SERVICE FUND  For payment to the Postal Service Fund for revenue forgone on free and reduced rate mail, pursuant to subsections (c) and (d) of section 2401 of title 39, United States Code, $58,118,000: Provided, That mail for overseas voting and mail for the blind shall continue to be free: Pro-vided further, That 6-day delivery and rural de-livery of mail shall continue at not less than the 1983 level: Provided further, That none of the funds made available to the Postal Service by this Act shall be used to implement any rule, regulation, or policy of charging any officer or employee of any State or local child support en-forcement agency, or any individual partici-pating in a State or local program of child sup-port enforcement, a fee for information re-quested or provided concerning an address of a postal customer: Provided further, That none of the funds provided in this Act shall be used to consolidate or close small rural and other small post offices: Provided further, That the Postal Service shall maintain and comply with service standards for First Class Mail and periodicals effective on July 1, 2012. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $250,000,000, to be derived by transfer from the Postal Service Fund and expended as authorized by section 603(b)(3) of the Postal Accountability and En-hancement Act (Public Law 109–435). U
NITED STATES TAXCOURT  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses, including contract re-porting and other services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $51,515,000, of which $500,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided, That travel expenses of the judges shall be paid upon the written certificate of the judge. TITLE VI GENERAL PROVISIONS—THIS ACT S
EC. 601. None of the funds in this Act shall be used for the planning or execution of any program to pay the expenses of, or otherwise compensate, non-Federal parties intervening 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:02 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00147 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.039 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6412 July 17, 2018 
in regulatory or adjudicatory proceedings fund-ed in this Act. S
EC. 602. None of the funds appropriated in this Act shall remain available for obligation be-yond the current fiscal year, nor may any be transferred to other appropriations, unless ex-pressly so provided herein. S
EC. 603. The expenditure of any appropria-tion under this Act for any consulting service through procurement contract pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3109, shall be limited to those contracts where such expenditures are a matter of public record and available for public inspection, ex-cept where otherwise provided under existing law, or under existing Executive order issued pursuant to existing law. S
EC. 604. None of the funds made available in this Act may be transferred to any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government, except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this Act or any other appropriations Act. S
EC. 605. None of the funds made available by this Act shall be available for any activity or for paying the salary of any Government employee where funding an activity or paying a salary to a Government employee would result in a deci-sion, determination, rule, regulation, or policy that would prohibit the enforcement of section 307 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1307). S
EC. 606. No funds appropriated pursuant to this Act may be expended by an entity unless the entity agrees that in expending the assist-ance the entity will comply with chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code. S
EC. 607. No funds appropriated or otherwise made available under this Act shall be made available to any person or entity that has been convicted of violating chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code. S
EC. 608. Except as otherwise provided in this Act, none of the funds provided in this Act, pro-vided by previous appropriations Acts to the agencies or entities funded in this Act that re-main available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2019, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury derived by the collection of fees and available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be available for obligation or expendi-ture through a reprogramming of funds that: (1) creates a new program; (2) eliminates a pro-gram, project, or activity; (3) increases funds or personnel for any program, project, or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted by the Congress; (4) proposes to use funds di-rected for a specific activity by the Committee on Appropriations of either the House of Rep-resentatives or the Senate for a different pur-pose; (5) augments existing programs, projects, or activities in excess of $5,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less; (6) reduces existing programs, projects, or activities by $5,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less; or (7) creates or reorganizes offices, programs, or activities unless prior ap-proval is received from the Committees on Ap-propriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided, That prior to any sig-nificant reorganization or restructuring of of-fices, programs, or activities, each agency or en-tity funded in this Act shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided fur-ther, That not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, each agency funded by this Act shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representa-tives and the Senate to establish the baseline for application of reprogramming and transfer au-thorities for the current fiscal year: Provided further, That at a minimum the report shall in-clude: (1) a table for each appropriation with a separate column to display the President’s budg-et request, adjustments made by Congress, ad-justments due to enacted rescissions, if appro-priate, and the fiscal year enacted level; (2) a delineation in the table for each appropriation both by object class and program, project, and activity as detailed in the budget appendix for the respective appropriation; and (3) an identi-fication of items of special congressional inter-est: Provided further, That the amount appro-priated or limited for salaries and expenses for an agency shall be reduced by $100,000 per day for each day after the required date that the re-port has not been submitted to the Congress. SEC. 609. Except as otherwise specifically pro-vided by law, not to exceed 50 percent of unobli-gated balances remaining available at the end of fiscal year 2019 from appropriations made avail-able for salaries and expenses for fiscal year 2019 in this Act, shall remain available through September 30, 2020, for each such account for the purposes authorized: Provided, That a re-quest shall be submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate for approval prior to the expend-iture of such funds: Provided further, That these requests shall be made in compliance with reprogramming guidelines. S
EC. 610. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used by the Executive Office of the President to request— (1) any official background investigation re-port on any individual from the Federal Bureau of Investigation; or (2) a determination with respect to the treat-ment of an organization as described in section 501(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code from the Department of the Treasury or the Internal Revenue Service. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply— (1) in the case of an official background inves-tigation report, if such individual has given ex-press written consent for such request not more than 6 months prior to the date of such request and during the same presidential administra-tion; or (2) if such request is required due to extraor-dinary circumstances involving national secu-rity. S
EC. 611. The cost accounting standards pro-mulgated under chapter 15 of title 41, United States Code shall not apply with respect to a contract under the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program established under chapter 89 of title 5, United States Code. S
EC. 612. For the purpose of resolving litiga-tion and implementing any settlement agree-ments regarding the nonforeign area cost-of-liv-ing allowance program, the Office of Personnel Management may accept and utilize (without regard to any restriction on unanticipated trav-el expenses imposed in an Appropriations Act) funds made available to the Office of Personnel Management pursuant to court approval. S
EC. 613. No funds appropriated by this Act shall be available to pay for an abortion, or the administrative expenses in connection with any health plan under the Federal employees health benefits program which provides any benefits or coverage for abortions. S
EC. 614. The provision of section 613 shall not apply where the life of the mother would be en-dangered if the fetus were carried to term, or the pregnancy is the result of an act of rape or in-cest. S
EC. 615. In order to promote Government ac-cess to commercial information technology, the restriction on purchasing nondomestic articles, materials, and supplies set forth in chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code (popularly known as the Buy American Act), shall not apply to the acquisition by the Federal Government of infor-mation technology (as defined in section 11101 of title 40, United States Code), that is a com-mercial item (as defined in section 103 of title 41, United States Code). SEC. 616. Notwithstanding section 1353 of title 31, United States Code, no officer or employee of any regulatory agency or commission funded by this Act may accept on behalf of that agency, nor may such agency or commission accept, payment or reimbursement from a non-Federal entity for travel, subsistence, or related expenses for the purpose of enabling an officer or em-ployee to attend and participate in any meeting or similar function relating to the official duties of the officer or employee when the entity offer-ing payment or reimbursement is a person or en-tity subject to regulation by such agency or commission, or represents a person or entity sub-ject to regulation by such agency or commission, unless the person or entity is an organization described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from tax under section 501(a) of such Code. S
EC. 617. Notwithstanding section 708 of this Act, funds made available to the Commodity Fu-tures Trading Commission and the Securities and Exchange Commission by this or any other Act may be used for the interagency funding and sponsorship of a joint advisory committee to advise on emerging regulatory issues. S
EC. 618. (a)(1) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, an Executive agency covered by this Act otherwise authorized to enter into contracts for either leases or the construction or alteration of real property for office, meeting, storage, or other space must consult with the General Services Administration before issuing a solicitation for offers of new leases or construc-tion contracts, and in the case of succeeding leases, before entering into negotiations with the current lessor. (2) Any such agency with authority to enter into an emergency lease may do so during any period declared by the President to require emer-gency leasing authority with respect to such agency. (b) For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘Ex-ecutive agency covered by this Act’’ means any Executive agency provided funds by this Act, but does not include the General Services Ad-ministration or the United States Postal Service. S
EC. 619. (a) There are appropriated for the following activities the amounts required under current law: (1) Compensation of the President (3 U.S.C. 102). (2) Payments to— (A) the Judicial Officers’ Retirement Fund (28 U.S.C. 377(o)); (B) the Judicial Survivors’ Annuities Fund (28 U.S.C. 376(c)); and (C) the United States Court of Federal Claims Judges’ Retirement Fund (28 U.S.C. 178(l)). (3) Payment of Government contributions— (A) with respect to the health benefits of re-tired employees, as authorized by chapter 89 of title 5, United States Code, and the Retired Fed-eral Employees Health Benefits Act (74 Stat. 849); and (B) with respect to the life insurance benefits for employees retiring after December 31, 1989 (5 U.S.C. ch. 87). (4) Payment to finance the unfunded liability of new and increased annuity benefits under the Civil Service Retirement and Disability Fund (5 U.S.C. 8348). (5) Payment of annuities authorized to be paid from the Civil Service Retirement and Dis-ability Fund by statutory provisions other than subchapter III of chapter 83 or chapter 84 of title 5, United States Code. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:02 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00148 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.039 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6413 July 17, 2018 
(b) Nothing in this section may be construed to exempt any amount appropriated by this sec-tion from any otherwise applicable limitation on the use of funds contained in this Act. S
EC. 620. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used by the Federal Trade Com-mission to complete the draft report entitled ‘‘Interagency Working Group on Food Marketed to Children: Preliminary Proposed Nutrition Principles to Guide Industry Self-Regulatory Ef-forts’’ unless the Interagency Working Group on Food Marketed to Children complies with Exec-utive Order No. 13563. S
EC. 621. None of the funds in this Act may be used for the Director of the Office of Personnel Management to award a contract, enter an ex-tension of, or exercise an option on a contract to a contractor conducting the final quality review processes for background investigation fieldwork services or background investigation support services that, as of the date of the award of the contract, are being conducted by that contractor. S
EC. 622. (a) The head of each executive branch agency funded by this Act shall ensure that the Chief Information Officer of the agency has the authority to participate in decisions re-garding the budget planning process related to information technology. (b) Amounts appropriated for any executive branch agency funded by this Act that are available for information technology shall be al-located within the agency, consistent with the provisions of appropriations Acts and budget guidelines and recommendations from the Direc-tor of the Office of Management and Budget, in such manner as specified by, or approved by, the Chief Information Officer of the agency in consultation with the Chief Financial Officer of the agency and budget officials. S
EC. 623. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used in contravention of chap-ter 29, 31, or 33 of title 44, United States Code. S
EC. 624. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used by a governmental entity to require the disclosure by a provider of elec-tronic communication service to the public or re-mote computing service of the contents of a wire or electronic communication that is in electronic storage with the provider (as such terms are de-fined in sections 2510 and 2711 of title 18, United States Code) in a manner that violates the Fourth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States. S
EC. 625. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used by the Federal Commu-nications Commission to modify, amend, or change the rules or regulations of the Commis-sion for universal service high-cost support for competitive eligible telecommunications carriers in a way that is inconsistent with paragraph (e)(5) or (e)(6) of section 54.307 of title 47, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on July 15, 2015: Provided, That this section shall not pro-hibit the Commission from considering, devel-oping, or adopting other support mechanisms as an alternative to Mobility Fund Phase II. S
EC. 626. No funds provided in this Act shall be used to deny an Inspector General funded under this Act timely access to any records, doc-uments, or other materials available to the de-partment or agency over which that Inspector General has responsibilities under the Inspector General Act of 1978, or to prevent or impede that Inspector General’s access to such records, doc-uments, or other materials, under any provision of law, except a provision of law that expressly refers to the Inspector General and expressly limits the Inspector General’s right of access. A department or agency covered by this section shall provide its Inspector General with access to all such records, documents, and other mate-rials in a timely manner. Each Inspector Gen-eral shall ensure compliance with statutory limi-tations on disclosure relevant to the information provided by the establishment over which that Inspector General has responsibilities under the Inspector General Act of 1978. Each Inspector General covered by this section shall report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate within 5 cal-endar days any failures to comply with this re-quirement. SEC. 627. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agency or any other entity carrying out criminal investiga-tions, prosecution, adjudication activities, or other law enforcement- or victim assistance-re-lated activity. S
EC. 628. None of the funds made available by this Act shall be used by the Securities and Ex-change Commission to finalize, issue, or imple-ment any rule, regulation, or order regarding the disclosure of political contributions, con-tributions to tax exempt organizations, or dues paid to trade associations. S
EC. 629. Title 44, United States Code, is amended as follows: (1) In subsection (a)(2) of section 2107, by striking ‘‘the head of such agency has certified in writing to the Archivist’’ and inserting ‘‘the Archivist determines, after consulting with the head of such agency,’’. (2) In subsection (d) of section 2904, by strik-ing the first instance of ‘‘digital or electronic’’. (3) In subsection (e) of section 3303a, by strik-ing ‘‘the written consent of’’ and inserting ‘‘ad-vance notice to’’. (4) In section 3308, by striking ‘‘empower’’ and inserting ‘‘direct’’. S
EC. 630. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to enforce the requirements in section 316(b)(4)(D) of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30118(b)(4)(D)) that the solicitation of contributions from mem-ber corporations stockholders and executive or administrative personnel, and the families of such stockholders or personnel, by trade asso-ciations must be separately and specifically ap-proved by the member corporation involved prior to such solicitation, and that such member cor-poration does not approve any such solicitation by more than one such trade association in any calendar year. S
EC. 631. (1) None of the funds appropriated by this Act shall be available to pay for an abor-tion or the administrative expenses in connec-tion with a multi-State qualified health plan of-fered under a contract under section 1334 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18054) which provides any benefits or coverage for abortions. (2) The provision of paragraph (1) shall not apply where the life of the mother would be en-dangered if the fetus were carried to term, or the pregnancy is the result of an act of rape or in-cest. S
EC. 632. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Securities and Ex-change Commission to propose, issue, imple-ment, administer, or enforce any requirement that a solicitation of a proxy, consent, or au-thorization to vote a security of an issuer in an election of members of the board of directors of the issuer be made using a single ballot or card that lists both individuals nominated by (or on behalf of) the issuer and individuals nominated by (or on behalf of) other proponents and per-mits the person granting the proxy, consent, or authorization to select from individuals in both groups. TITLE VII GENERAL PROVISIONS—GOVERNMENT- WIDE DEPARTMENTS , AGENCIES , ANDCORPORATIONS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 701. No department, agency, or instru-mentality of the United States receiving appro-priated funds under this or any other Act for fiscal year 2019 shall obligate or expend any such funds, unless such department, agency, or instrumentality has in place, and will continue to administer in good faith, a written policy de-signed to ensure that all of its workplaces are free from the illegal use, possession, or distribu-tion of controlled substances (as defined in the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 802)) by the officers and employees of such department, agency, or instrumentality. S
EC. 702. Unless otherwise specifically pro-vided, the maximum amount allowable during the current fiscal year in accordance with sub-section 1343(c) of title 31, United States Code, for the purchase of any passenger motor vehicle (exclusive of buses, ambulances, law enforce-ment vehicles, protective vehicles, and under-cover surveillance vehicles), is hereby fixed at $19,947 except station wagons for which the maximum shall be $19,997: Provided, That these limits may be exceeded by not to exceed $7,250 for police-type vehicles: Provided further, That the limits set forth in this section may not be ex-ceeded by more than 5 percent for electric or hy-brid vehicles purchased for demonstration under the provisions of the Electric and Hybrid Vehi-cle Research, Development, and Demonstration Act of 1976: Provided further, That the limits set forth in this section may be exceeded by the in-cremental cost of clean alternative fuels vehicles acquired pursuant to Public Law 101–549 over the cost of comparable conventionally fueled ve-hicles: Provided further, That the limits set forth in this section shall not apply to any vehi-cle that is a commercial item and which operates on alternative fuel, including but not limited to electric, plug-in hybrid electric, and hydrogen fuel cell vehicles. S
EC. 703. Appropriations of the executive de-partments and independent establishments for the current fiscal year available for expenses of travel, or for the expenses of the activity con-cerned, are hereby made available for quarters allowances and cost-of-living allowances, in ac-cordance with 5 U.S.C. 5922–5924. S
EC. 704. Unless otherwise specified in law during the current fiscal year, no part of any appropriation contained in this or any other Act shall be used to pay the compensation of any of-ficer or employee of the Government of the United States (including any agency the major-ity of the stock of which is owned by the Gov-ernment of the United States) whose post of duty is in the continental United States unless such person: (1) is a citizen of the United States; (2) is a person who is lawfully admitted for per-manent residence and is seeking citizenship as outlined in 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)(B); (3) is a per-son who is admitted as a refugee under 8 U.S.C. 1157 or is granted asylum under 8 U.S.C. 1158 and has filed a declaration of intention to be-come a lawful permanent resident and then a citizen when eligible; or (4) is a person who owes allegiance to the United States: Provided, That for purposes of this section, affidavits signed by any such person shall be considered prima facie evidence that the requirements of this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:02 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00149 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.039 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6414 July 17, 2018 
section with respect to his or her status are being complied with: Provided further, That for purposes of subsections (2) and (3) such affida-vits shall be submitted prior to employment and updated thereafter as necessary: Provided fur-ther, That any person making a false affidavit shall be guilty of a felony, and upon conviction, shall be fined no more than $4,000 or imprisoned for not more than 1 year, or both: Provided fur-ther, That the above penal clause shall be in ad-dition to, and not in substitution for, any other provisions of existing law: Provided further, That any payment made to any officer or em-ployee contrary to the provisions of this section shall be recoverable in action by the Federal Government: Provided further, That this section shall not apply to any person who is an officer or employee of the Government of the United States on the date of enactment of this Act, or to international broadcasters employed by the Broadcasting Board of Governors, or to tem-porary employment of translators, or to tem-porary employment in the field service (not to exceed 60 days) as a result of emergencies: Pro-vided further, That this section does not apply to the employment as Wildland firefighters for not more than 120 days of nonresident aliens employed by the Department of the Interior or the USDA Forest Service pursuant to an agree-ment with another country. S
EC. 705. Appropriations available to any de-partment or agency during the current fiscal year for necessary expenses, including mainte-nance or operating expenses, shall also be avail-able for payment to the General Services Admin-istration for charges for space and services and those expenses of renovation and alteration of buildings and facilities which constitute public improvements performed in accordance with the Public Buildings Act of 1959 (73 Stat. 479), the Public Buildings Amendments of 1972 (86 Stat. 216), or other applicable law. S
EC. 706. In addition to funds provided in this or any other Act, all Federal agencies are au-thorized to receive and use funds resulting from the sale of materials, including Federal records disposed of pursuant to a records schedule re-covered through recycling or waste prevention programs. Such funds shall be available until expended for the following purposes: (1) Acquisition, waste reduction and preven-tion, and recycling programs as described in Ex-ecutive Order No. 13693 (March 19, 2015), includ-ing any such programs adopted prior to the ef-fective date of the Executive order. (2) Other Federal agency environmental man-agement programs, including, but not limited to, the development and implementation of haz-ardous waste management and pollution pre-vention programs. (3) Other employee programs as authorized by law or as deemed appropriate by the head of the Federal agency. S
EC. 707. Funds made available by this or any other Act for administrative expenses in the cur-rent fiscal year of the corporations and agencies subject to chapter 91 of title 31, United States Code, shall be available, in addition to objects for which such funds are otherwise available, for rent in the District of Columbia; services in accordance with 5 U.S.C. 3109; and the objects specified under this head, all the provisions of which shall be applicable to the expenditure of such funds unless otherwise specified in the Act by which they are made available: Provided, That in the event any functions budgeted as ad-ministrative expenses are subsequently trans-ferred to or paid from other funds, the limita-tions on administrative expenses shall be cor-respondingly reduced. S
EC. 708. No part of any appropriation con-tained in this or any other Act shall be available for interagency financing of boards (except Fed-eral Executive Boards), commissions, councils, committees, or similar groups (whether or not they are interagency entities) which do not have a prior and specific statutory approval to re-ceive financial support from more than one agency or instrumentality. SEC. 709. None of the funds made available pursuant to the provisions of this or any other Act shall be used to implement, administer, or enforce any regulation which has been dis-approved pursuant to a joint resolution duly adopted in accordance with the applicable law of the United States. S
EC. 710. During the period in which the head of any department or agency, or any other offi-cer or civilian employee of the Federal Govern-ment appointed by the President of the United States, holds office, no funds may be obligated or expended in excess of $5,000 to furnish or re-decorate the office of such department head, agency head, officer, or employee, or to pur-chase furniture or make improvements for any such office, unless advance notice of such fur-nishing or redecoration is transmitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. For the pur-poses of this section, the term ‘‘office’’ shall in-clude the entire suite of offices assigned to the individual, as well as any other space used pri-marily by the individual or the use of which is directly controlled by the individual. S
EC. 711. Notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 1346, or section 708 of this Act, funds made available for the current fiscal year by this or any other Act shall be available for the interagency funding of national security and emergency preparedness telecommunications initiatives which benefit multiple Federal departments, agencies, or enti-ties, as provided by Executive Order No. 13618 (July 6, 2012). S
EC. 712. (a) None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be obligated or ex-pended by any department, agency, or other in-strumentality of the Federal Government to pay the salaries or expenses of any individual ap-pointed to a position of a confidential or policy- determining character that is excepted from the competitive service under section 3302 of title 5, United States Code, (pursuant to schedule C of subpart C of part 213 of title 5 of the Code of Federal Regulations) unless the head of the ap-plicable department, agency, or other instru-mentality employing such schedule C individual certifies to the Director of the Office of Per-sonnel Management that the schedule C posi-tion occupied by the individual was not created solely or primarily in order to detail the indi-vidual to the White House. (b) The provisions of this section shall not apply to Federal employees or members of the armed forces detailed to or from an element of the intelligence community (as that term is de-fined under section 3(4) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4))). S
EC. 713. No part of any appropriation con-tained in this or any other Act shall be available for the payment of the salary of any officer or employee of the Federal Government, who— (1) prohibits or prevents, or attempts or threatens to prohibit or prevent, any other offi-cer or employee of the Federal Government from having any direct oral or written communica-tion or contact with any Member, committee, or subcommittee of the Congress in connection with any matter pertaining to the employment of such other officer or employee or pertaining to the department or agency of such other officer or employee in any way, irrespective of whether such communication or contact is at the initia-tive of such other officer or employee or in re-sponse to the request or inquiry of such Member, committee, or subcommittee; or (2) removes, suspends from duty without pay, demotes, reduces in rank, seniority, status, pay, or performance or efficiency rating, denies pro-motion to, relocates, reassigns, transfers, dis-ciplines, or discriminates in regard to any em-ployment right, entitlement, or benefit, or any term or condition of employment of, any other officer or employee of the Federal Government, or attempts or threatens to commit any of the foregoing actions with respect to such other offi-cer or employee, by reason of any communica-tion or contact of such other officer or employee with any Member, committee, or subcommittee of the Congress as described in paragraph (1). SEC. 714. (a) None of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be obligated or ex-pended for any employee training that— (1) does not meet identified needs for knowl-edge, skills, and abilities bearing directly upon the performance of official duties; (2) contains elements likely to induce high lev-els of emotional response or psychological stress in some participants; (3) does not require prior employee notifica-tion of the content and methods to be used in the training and written end of course evalua-tion; (4) contains any methods or content associ-ated with religious or quasi-religious belief sys-tems or ‘‘new age’’ belief systems as defined in Equal Employment Opportunity Commission No-tice N–915.022, dated September 2, 1988; or (5) is offensive to, or designed to change, par-ticipants’ personal values or lifestyle outside the workplace. (b) Nothing in this section shall prohibit, re-strict, or otherwise preclude an agency from conducting training bearing directly upon the performance of official duties. S
EC. 715. No part of any funds appropriated in this or any other Act shall be used by an agency of the executive branch, other than for normal and recognized executive-legislative rela-tionships, for publicity or propaganda purposes, and for the preparation, distribution or use of any kit, pamphlet, booklet, publication, radio, television, or film presentation designed to sup-port or defeat legislation pending before the Congress, except in presentation to the Congress itself. S
EC. 716. None of the funds appropriated by this or any other Act may be used by an agency to provide a Federal employee’s home address to any labor organization except when the em-ployee has authorized such disclosure or when such disclosure has been ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction. S
EC. 717. None of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used to provide any non-public information such as mailing, telephone or electronic mailing lists to any per-son or any organization outside of the Federal Government without the approval of the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate. S
EC. 718. No part of any appropriation con-tained in this or any other Act shall be used di-rectly or indirectly, including by private con-tractor, for publicity or propaganda purposes within the United States not heretofore author-ized by Congress. S
EC. 719. (a) In this section, the term ‘‘agen-cy’’— (1) means an Executive agency, as defined under 5 U.S.C. 105; and (2) includes a military department, as defined under section 102 of such title, the United States Postal Service, and the Postal Regulatory Com-mission. (b) Unless authorized in accordance with law or regulations to use such time for other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:02 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00150 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.039 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6415 July 17, 2018 
purposes, an employee of an agency shall use official time in an honest effort to perform offi-cial duties. An employee not under a leave sys-tem, including a Presidential appointee exempt-ed under 5 U.S.C. 6301(2), has an obligation to expend an honest effort and a reasonable pro-portion of such employee’s time in the perform-ance of official duties. S
EC. 720. Notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 1346 and section 708 of this Act, funds made available for the current fiscal year by this or any other Act to any department or agency, which is a member of the Federal Accounting Standards Advisory Board (FASAB), shall be available to finance an appropriate share of FASAB administrative costs. S
EC. 721. Notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 1346 and section 708 of this Act, the head of each Execu-tive department and agency is hereby author-ized to transfer to or reimburse ‘‘General Serv-ices Administration, Government-wide Policy’’ with the approval of the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, funds made avail-able for the current fiscal year by this or any other Act, including rebates from charge card and other contracts: Provided, That these funds shall be administered by the Administrator of General Services to support Government-wide and other multi-agency financial, information technology, procurement, and other manage-ment innovations, initiatives, and activities, in-cluding improving coordination and reducing duplication, as approved by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, in consulta-tion with the appropriate interagency and multi-agency groups designated by the Director (including the President’s Management Council for overall management improvement initiatives, the Chief Financial Officers Council for finan-cial management initiatives, the Chief Informa-tion Officers Council for information technology initiatives, the Chief Human Capital Officers Council for human capital initiatives, the Chief Acquisition Officers Council for procurement initiatives, and the Performance Improvement Council for performance improvement initia-tives): Provided further, That the total funds transferred or reimbursed shall not exceed $15,000,000 to improve coordination, reduce du-plication, and for other activities related to Fed-eral Government Priority Goals established by 31 U.S.C. 1120, and not to exceed $17,000,000 for Government-Wide innovations, initiatives, and activities: Provided further, That the funds transferred to or for reimbursement of ‘‘General Services Administration, Government-wide Pol-icy’’ during fiscal year 2019 shall remain avail-able for obligation through September 30, 2020: Provided further, That such transfers or reim-bursements may only be made after 15 days fol-lowing notification of the Committees on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives and the Senate by the Director of the Office of Man-agement and Budget. S
EC. 722. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, a woman may breastfeed her child at any location in a Federal building or on Federal property, if the woman and her child are other-wise authorized to be present at the location. S
EC. 723. Notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 1346, or section 708 of this Act, funds made available for the current fiscal year by this or any other Act shall be available for the interagency funding of specific projects, workshops, studies, and similar efforts to carry out the purposes of the National Science and Technology Council (authorized by Executive Order No. 12881), which benefit mul-tiple Federal departments, agencies, or entities: Provided, That the Office of Management and Budget shall provide a report describing the budget of and resources connected with the Na-tional Science and Technology Council to the Committees on Appropriations, the House Com-mittee on Science and Technology, and the Sen-ate Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation 90 days after enactment of this Act. SEC. 724. Any request for proposals, solicita-tion, grant application, form, notification, press release, or other publications involving the dis-tribution of Federal funds shall comply with any relevant requirements in part 200 of title 2, Code of Federal Regulations: Provided, That this section shall apply to direct payments, for-mula funds, and grants received by a State re-ceiving Federal funds. S
EC. 725. (a) P ROHIBITION OF FEDERAL AGEN-
CYMONITORING OF INDIVIDUALS ’ INTERNET  U
SE.—None of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used by any Federal agency— (1) to collect, review, or create any aggrega-tion of data, derived from any means, that in-cludes any personally identifiable information relating to an individual’s access to or use of any Federal Government Internet site of the agency; or (2) to enter into any agreement with a third party (including another government agency) to collect, review, or obtain any aggregation of data, derived from any means, that includes any personally identifiable information relating to an individual’s access to or use of any non-governmental Internet site. (b) E
XCEPTIONS .—The limitations established in subsection (a) shall not apply to— (1) any record of aggregate data that does not identify particular persons; (2) any voluntary submission of personally identifiable information; (3) any action taken for law enforcement, reg-ulatory, or supervisory purposes, in accordance with applicable law; or (4) any action described in subsection (a)(1) that is a system security action taken by the op-erator of an Internet site and is necessarily inci-dent to providing the Internet site services or to protecting the rights or property of the provider of the Internet site. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—For the purposes of this sec-tion: (1) The term ‘‘regulatory’’ means agency ac-tions to implement, interpret or enforce authori-ties provided in law. (2) The term ‘‘supervisory’’ means examina-tions of the agency’s supervised institutions, in-cluding assessing safety and soundness, overall financial condition, management practices and policies and compliance with applicable stand-ards as provided in law. S
EC. 726. (a) None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used to enter into or renew a contract which includes a provision providing prescription drug coverage, except where the contract also includes a provision for contracep-tive coverage. (b) Nothing in this section shall apply to a contract with— (1) any of the following religious plans: (A) Personal Care’s HMO; and (B) OSF HealthPlans, Inc.; and (2) any existing or future plan, if the carrier for the plan objects to such coverage on the basis of religious beliefs. (c) In implementing this section, any plan that enters into or renews a contract under this section may not subject any individual to dis-crimination on the basis that the individual re-fuses to prescribe or otherwise provide for con-traceptives because such activities would be con-trary to the individual’s religious beliefs or moral convictions. (d) Nothing in this section shall be construed to require coverage of abortion or abortion-re-lated services. S
EC. 727. The United States is committed to ensuring the health of its Olympic, Pan Amer-ican, and Paralympic athletes, and supports the strict adherence to anti-doping in sport through testing, adjudication, education, and research as performed by nationally recognized oversight authorities. SEC. 728. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds appropriated for official travel to Federal departments and agencies may be used by such departments and agencies, if consistent with Office of Management and Budget Circular A–126 regarding official travel for Government personnel, to participate in the fractional air-craft ownership pilot program. S
EC. 729. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no executive branch agency shall pur-chase, construct, or lease any additional facili-ties, except within or contiguous to existing lo-cations, to be used for the purpose of conducting Federal law enforcement training without the advance approval of the Committees on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, except that the Federal Law En-forcement Training Center is authorized to ob-tain the temporary use of additional facilities by lease, contract, or other agreement for training which cannot be accommodated in existing Cen-ter facilities. S
EC. 730. Unless otherwise authorized by exist-ing law, none of the funds provided in this or any other Act may be used by an executive branch agency to produce any prepackaged news story intended for broadcast or distribu-tion in the United States, unless the story in-cludes a clear notification within the text or audio of the prepackaged news story that the prepackaged news story was prepared or funded by that executive branch agency. S
EC. 731. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used in contravention of section 552a of title 5, United States Code (popularly known as the Privacy Act), and regulations im-plementing that section. S
EC. 732. (a) I NGENERAL .—None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act may be used for any Fed-eral Government contract with any foreign in-corporated entity which is treated as an in-verted domestic corporation under section 835(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 395(b)) or any subsidiary of such an entity. (b) W
AIVERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Any Secretary shall waive subsection (a) with respect to any Federal Gov-ernment contract under the authority of such Secretary if the Secretary determines that the waiver is required in the interest of national se-curity. (2) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Any Secretary issuing a waiver under paragraph (1) shall re-port such issuance to Congress. (c) E
XCEPTION .—This section shall not apply to any Federal Government contract entered into before the date of the enactment of this Act, or to any task order issued pursuant to such contract. S
EC. 733. During fiscal year 2019, for each em-ployee who— (1) retires under section 8336(d)(2) or 8414(b)(1)(B) of title 5, United States Code; or (2) retires under any other provision of sub-chapter III of chapter 83 or chapter 84 of such title 5 and receives a payment as an incentive to separate, the separating agency shall remit to the Civil Service Retirement and Disability Fund an amount equal to the Office of Per-sonnel Management’s average unit cost of proc-essing a retirement claim for the preceding fiscal year. Such amounts shall be available until ex-pended to the Office of Personnel Management and shall be deemed to be an administrative ex-pense under section 8348(a)(1)(B) of title 5, United States Code. S
EC. 734. (a) None of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used to rec-ommend or require any entity submitting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:02 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00151 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.039 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6416 July 17, 2018 
an offer for a Federal contract to disclose any of the following information as a condition of sub-mitting the offer: (1) Any payment consisting of a contribution, expenditure, independent expenditure, or dis-bursement for an electioneering communication that is made by the entity, its officers or direc-tors, or any of its affiliates or subsidiaries to a candidate for election for Federal office or to a political committee, or that is otherwise made with respect to any election for Federal office. (2) Any disbursement of funds (other than a payment described in paragraph (1)) made by the entity, its officers or directors, or any of its affiliates or subsidiaries to any person with the intent or the reasonable expectation that the person will use the funds to make a payment de-scribed in paragraph (1). (b) In this section, each of the terms ‘‘con-tribution’’, ‘‘expenditure’’, ‘‘independent ex-penditure’’, ‘‘electioneering communication’’, ‘‘candidate’’, ‘‘election’’, and ‘‘Federal office’’ has the meaning given such term in the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30101 et seq.). S
EC. 735. None of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used to pay for the painting of a portrait of an officer or employee of the Federal government, including the Presi-dent, the Vice President, a member of Congress (including a Delegate or a Resident Commis-sioner to Congress), the head of an executive branch agency (as defined in section 133 of title 41, United States Code), or the head of an office of the legislative branch. S
EC. 736. (a)(1) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, and except as otherwise pro-vided in this section, no part of any of the funds appropriated for fiscal year 2019, by this or any other Act, may be used to pay any prevailing rate employee described in section 5342(a)(2)(A) of title 5, United States Code— (A) during the period from the date of expira-tion of the limitation imposed by the comparable section for the previous fiscal years until the normal effective date of the applicable wage sur-vey adjustment that is to take effect in fiscal year 2019, in an amount that exceeds the rate payable for the applicable grade and step of the applicable wage schedule in accordance with such section; and (B) during the period consisting of the re-mainder of fiscal year 2019, in an amount that exceeds, as a result of a wage survey adjust-ment, the rate payable under subparagraph (A) by more than the sum of— (i) the percentage adjustment taking effect in fiscal year 2019 under section 5303 of title 5, United States Code, in the rates of pay under the General Schedule; and (ii) the difference between the overall average percentage of the locality-based comparability payments taking effect in fiscal year 2019 under section 5304 of such title (whether by adjustment or otherwise), and the overall average percent-age of such payments which was effective in the previous fiscal year under such section. (2) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no prevailing rate employee described in subparagraph (B) or (C) of section 5342(a)(2) of title 5, United States Code, and no employee covered by section 5348 of such title, may be paid during the periods for which paragraph (1) is in effect at a rate that exceeds the rates that would be payable under paragraph (1) were paragraph (1) applicable to such employee. (3) For the purposes of this subsection, the rates payable to an employee who is covered by this subsection and who is paid from a schedule not in existence on September 30, 2018, shall be determined under regulations prescribed by the Office of Personnel Management. (4) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, rates of premium pay for employees subject to this subsection may not be changed from the rates in effect on September 30, 2018, except to the extent determined by the Office of Personnel Management to be consistent with the purpose of this subsection. (5) This subsection shall apply with respect to pay for service performed after September 30, 2017. (6) For the purpose of administering any pro-vision of law (including any rule or regulation that provides premium pay, retirement, life in-surance, or any other employee benefit) that re-quires any deduction or contribution, or that imposes any requirement or limitation on the basis of a rate of salary or basic pay, the rate of salary or basic pay payable after the applica-tion of this subsection shall be treated as the rate of salary or basic pay. (7) Nothing in this subsection shall be consid-ered to permit or require the payment to any em-ployee covered by this subsection at a rate in ex-cess of the rate that would be payable were this subsection not in effect. (8) The Office of Personnel Management may provide for exceptions to the limitations imposed by this subsection if the Office determines that such exceptions are necessary to ensure the re-cruitment or retention of qualified employees. (b) Notwithstanding subsection (a), the ad-justment in rates of basic pay for the statutory pay systems that take place in fiscal year 2019 under sections 5344 and 5348 of title 5, United States Code, shall be— (1) not less than the percentage received by employees in the same location whose rates of basic pay are adjusted pursuant to the statutory pay systems under sections 5303 and 5304 of title 5, United States Code: Provided, That prevailing rate employees at locations where there are no employees whose pay is increased pursuant to sections 5303 and 5304 of title 5, United States Code, and prevailing rate employees described in section 5343(a)(5) of title 5, United States Code, shall be considered to be located in the pay lo-cality designated as ‘‘Rest of United States’’ pursuant to section 5304 of title 5, United States Code, for purposes of this subsection; and (2) effective as of the first day of the first ap-plicable pay period beginning after September 30, 2018. S
EC. 737. (a) The head of any Executive branch department, agency, board, commission, or office funded by this or any other appropria-tions Act shall submit annual reports to the In-spector General or senior ethics official for any entity without an Inspector General, regarding the costs and contracting procedures related to each conference held by any such department, agency, board, commission, or office during fis-cal year 2019 for which the cost to the United States Government was more than $100,000. (b) Each report submitted shall include, for each conference described in subsection (a) held during the applicable period— (1) a description of its purpose; (2) the number of participants attending; (3) a detailed statement of the costs to the United States Government, including— (A) the cost of any food or beverages; (B) the cost of any audio-visual services; (C) the cost of employee or contractor travel to and from the conference; and (D) a discussion of the methodology used to determine which costs relate to the conference; and (4) a description of the contracting procedures used including— (A) whether contracts were awarded on a competitive basis; and (B) a discussion of any cost comparison con-ducted by the departmental component or office in evaluating potential contractors for the con-ference. (c) Within 15 days after the end of a quarter, the head of any such department, agency, board, commission, or office shall notify the In-spector General or senior ethics official for any entity without an Inspector General, of the date, location, and number of employees attend-ing a conference held by any Executive branch department, agency, board, commission, or of-fice funded by this or any other appropriations Act during fiscal year 2019 for which the cost to the United States Government was more than $20,000. (d) A grant or contract funded by amounts appropriated by this or any other appropria-tions Act may not be used for the purpose of de-fraying the costs of a conference described in subsection (c) that is not directly and program-matically related to the purpose for which the grant or contract was awarded, such as a con-ference held in connection with planning, train-ing, assessment, review, or other routine pur-poses related to a project funded by the grant or contract. (e) None of the funds made available in this or any other appropriations Act may be used for travel and conference activities that are not in compliance with Office of Management and Budget Memorandum M–12–12 dated May 11, 2012 or any subsequent revisions to that memo-randum. SEC. 738. None of the funds made available in this or any other appropriations Act may be used to increase, eliminate, or reduce funding for a program, project, or activity as proposed in the President’s budget request for a fiscal year until such proposed change is subsequently en-acted in an appropriation Act, or unless such change is made pursuant to the reprogramming or transfer provisions of this or any other ap-propriations Act. S
EC. 739. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to implement, administer, enforce, or apply the rule entitled ‘‘Competitive Area’’ published by the Office of Personnel Management in the Federal Register on April 15, 2008 (73 Fed. Reg. 2019 0 et seq.). S
EC. 740. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act may be available for a contract, grant, or cooperative agreement with an entity that re-quires employees or contractors of such entity seeking to report fraud, waste, or abuse to sign internal confidentiality agreements or state-ments prohibiting or otherwise restricting such employees or contractors from lawfully reporting such waste, fraud, or abuse to a designated in-vestigative or law enforcement representative of a Federal department or agency authorized to receive such information. (b) The limitation in subsection (a) shall not contravene requirements applicable to Standard Form 312, Form 4414, or any other form issued by a Federal department or agency governing the nondisclosure of classified information. S
EC. 741. (a) No funds appropriated in this or any other Act may be used to implement or en-force the agreements in Standard Forms 312 and 4414 of the Government or any other nondisclo-sure policy, form, or agreement if such policy, form, or agreement does not contain the fol-lowing provisions: ‘‘These provisions are con-sistent with and do not supersede, conflict with, or otherwise alter the employee obligations, rights, or liabilities created by existing statute or Executive order relating to (1) classified infor-mation, (2) communications to Congress, (3) the reporting to an Inspector General of a violation of any law, rule, or regulation, or mismanage-ment, a gross waste of funds, an abuse of au-thority, or a substantial and specific danger to public health or safety, or (4) any other whistle-blower protection. The 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:02 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00152 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.039 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6417 July 17, 2018 
definitions, requirements, obligations, rights, sanctions, and liabilities created by controlling Executive orders and statutory provisions are incorporated into this agreement and are con-trolling.’’: Provided, That notwithstanding the preceding provision of this section, a nondisclo-sure policy form or agreement that is to be exe-cuted by a person connected with the conduct of an intelligence or intelligence-related activity, other than an employee or officer of the United States Government, may contain provisions ap-propriate to the particular activity for which such document is to be used. Such form or agreement shall, at a minimum, require that the person will not disclose any classified informa-tion received in the course of such activity un-less specifically authorized to do so by the United States Government. Such nondisclosure forms shall also make it clear that they do not bar disclosures to Congress, or to an authorized official of an executive agency or the Depart-ment of Justice, that are essential to reporting a substantial violation of law. (b) A nondisclosure agreement may continue to be implemented and enforced notwith-standing subsection (a) if it complies with the requirements for such agreement that were in ef-fect when the agreement was entered into. (c) No funds appropriated in this or any other Act may be used to implement or enforce any agreement entered into during fiscal year 2014 which does not contain substantially similar language to that required in subsection (a). S
EC. 742. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to enter into a contract, memorandum of understanding, or cooperative agreement with, make a grant to, or provide a loan or loan guarantee to, any cor-poration that has any unpaid Federal tax liabil-ity that has been assessed, for which all judicial and administrative remedies have been ex-hausted or have lapsed, and that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant to an agree-ment with the authority responsible for col-lecting the tax liability, where the awarding agency is aware of the unpaid tax liability, un-less a Federal agency has considered suspension or debarment of the corporation and has made a determination that this further action is not necessary to protect the interests of the Govern-ment. S
EC. 743. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to enter into a contract, memorandum of understanding, or cooperative agreement with, make a grant to, or provide a loan or loan guarantee to, any cor-poration that was convicted of a felony criminal violation under any Federal law within the pre-ceding 24 months, where the awarding agency is aware of the conviction, unless a Federal agen-cy has considered suspension or debarment of the corporation and has made a determination that this further action is not necessary to pro-tect the interests of the Government. S
EC. 744. (a) During fiscal year 2019, on the date on which a request is made for a transfer of funds in accordance with section 1017 of Pub-lic Law 111–203, the Bureau of Consumer Finan-cial Protection shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate of such request. (b) Any notification required by this section shall be made available on the Bureau’s public Web site. S
EC. 745. If, for fiscal year 2019, new budget authority provided in appropriations Acts ex-ceeds the discretionary spending limit for any category set forth in section 251(c) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 due to estimating differences with the Congressional Budget Office, an adjustment to the discretionary spending limit in such cat-egory for fiscal year 2019 shall be made by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget in the amount of the excess but the total of all such adjustments shall not exceed 0.2 per-cent of the sum of the adjusted discretionary spending limits for all categories for that fiscal year. SEC. 746. None of the funds made available under this or any other Act may be used to im-plement or enforce Executive Order No. 13690, Establishing a Federal Flood Risk Management Standard and a Process for Further Soliciting and Considering Stakeholder Input, including any related rules, interim final rules, or guid-ance. S
EC. 747. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce a rule issued pursuant to section 13(p) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. S
EC. 748. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to plan for, begin, con-tinue, complete, process, or approve a public- private competition under the Office of Manage-ment and Budget Circular A–76. S
EC. 749. Except as expressly provided other-wise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ contained in any title other than title IV or VIII shall not apply to such title IV or VIII. TITLE VIII GENERAL PROVISIONS—DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA 
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 801. There are appropriated from the ap-plicable funds of the District of Columbia such sums as may be necessary for making refunds and for the payment of legal settlements or judgments that have been entered against the District of Columbia government. S
EC. 802. None of the Federal funds provided in this Act shall be used for publicity or propa-ganda purposes or implementation of any policy including boycott designed to support or defeat legislation pending before Congress or any State legislature. S
EC. 803. (a) None of the Federal funds pro-vided under this Act to the agencies funded by this Act, both Federal and District government agencies, that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2019, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be available for obligation or expenditures for an agency through a reprogramming of funds which— (1) creates new programs; (2) eliminates a program, project, or responsi-bility center; (3) establishes or changes allocations specifi-cally denied, limited or increased under this Act; (4) increases funds or personnel by any means for any program, project, or responsibility center for which funds have been denied or restricted; (5) re-establishes any program or project pre-viously deferred through reprogramming; (6) augments any existing program, project, or responsibility center through a reprogramming of funds in excess of $3,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less; or (7) increases by 20 percent or more personnel assigned to a specific program, project or re-sponsibility center, unless prior approval is received from the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate. (b) The District of Columbia government is au-thorized to approve and execute reprogramming and transfer requests of local funds under this title through November 7, 2019. SEC. 804. None of the Federal funds provided in this Act may be used by the District of Co-lumbia to provide for salaries, expenses, or other costs associated with the offices of United States Senator or United States Representative under section 4(d) of the District of Columbia State-hood Constitutional Convention Initiatives of 1979 (D.C. Law 3–171; D.C. Official Code, sec. 1– 123). S
EC. 805. Except as otherwise provided in this section, none of the funds made available by this Act or by any other Act may be used to pro-vide any officer or employee of the District of Columbia with an official vehicle unless the of-ficer or employee uses the vehicle only in the performance of the officer’s or employee’s offi-cial duties. For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘official duties’’ does not include travel be-tween the officer’s or employee’s residence and workplace, except in the case of— (1) an officer or employee of the Metropolitan Police Department who resides in the District of Columbia or is otherwise designated by the Chief of the Department; (2) at the discretion of the Fire Chief, an offi-cer or employee of the District of Columbia Fire and Emergency Medical Services Department who resides in the District of Columbia and is on call 24 hours a day; (3) at the discretion of the Director of the De-partment of Corrections, an officer or employee of the District of Columbia Department of Cor-rections who resides in the District of Columbia and is on call 24 hours a day; (4) at the discretion of the Chief Medical Ex-aminer, an officer or employee of the Office of the Chief Medical Examiner who resides in the District of Columbia and is on call 24 hours a day; (5) at the discretion of the Director of the Homeland Security and Emergency Management Agency, an officer or employee of the Homeland Security and Emergency Management Agency who resides in the District of Columbia and is on call 24 hours a day; (6) the Mayor of the District of Columbia; and (7) the Chairman of the Council of the District of Columbia. S
EC. 806. (a) None of the Federal funds con-tained in this Act may be used by the District of Columbia Attorney General or any other officer or entity of the District government to provide assistance for any petition drive or civil action which seeks to require Congress to provide for voting representation in Congress for the Dis-trict of Columbia. (b) Nothing in this section bars the District of Columbia Attorney General from reviewing or commenting on briefs in private lawsuits, or from consulting with officials of the District government regarding such lawsuits. S
EC. 807. None of the Federal funds contained in this Act may be used to distribute any needle or syringe for the purpose of preventing the spread of blood borne pathogens in any location that has been determined by the local public health or local law enforcement authorities to be inappropriate for such distribution, or used for the operation of a supervised drug consumption facility that permits the consumption of any substance listed in Schedule I of section 202 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 812) onsite. S
EC. 808. Nothing in this Act may be construed to prevent the Council or Mayor of the District of Columbia from addressing the issue of the provision of contraceptive coverage by health insurance plans, but it is the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:02 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00153 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.039 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6418 July 17, 2018 
intent of Congress that any legislation enacted on such issue should include a ‘‘conscience clause’’ which provides exceptions for religious beliefs and moral convictions. S
EC. 809. (a) None of the Federal funds con-tained in this Act may be used to enact or carry out any law, rule, or regulation to legalize or otherwise reduce penalties associated with the possession, use, or distribution of any schedule I substance under the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.) or any tetrahydrocannabinols derivative. (b) No funds available for obligation or ex-penditure by the District of Columbia govern-ment under any authority may be used to enact any law, rule, or regulation to legalize or other-wise reduce penalties associated with the posses-sion, use, or distribution of any schedule I sub-stance under the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.) or any tetrahydrocannabinols derivative for recreational purposes. S
EC. 810. No funds available for obligation or expenditure by the District of Columbia govern-ment under any authority shall be expended for any abortion except where the life of the mother would be endangered if the fetus were carried to term or where the pregnancy is the result of an act of rape or incest. S
EC. 811. (a) No later than 30 calendar days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chief Financial Officer for the District of Co-lumbia shall submit to the appropriate commit-tees of Congress, the Mayor, and the Council of the District of Columbia, a revised appropriated funds operating budget in the format of the budget that the District of Columbia government submitted pursuant to section 442 of the District of Columbia Home Rule Act (D.C. Official Code, sec. 1–204.42), for all agencies of the District of Columbia government for fiscal year 2019 that is in the total amount of the approved appropria-tion and that realigns all budgeted data for per-sonal services and other-than-personal services, respectively, with anticipated actual expendi-tures. (b) This section shall apply only to an agency for which the Chief Financial Officer for the District of Columbia certifies that a reallocation is required to address unanticipated changes in program requirements. S
EC. 812. No later than 30 calendar days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chief Financial Officer for the District of Columbia shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress, the Mayor, and the Council for the District of Columbia, a revised appropriated funds operating budget for the District of Co-lumbia Public Schools that aligns schools budg-ets to actual enrollment. The revised appro-priated funds budget shall be in the format of the budget that the District of Columbia govern-ment submitted pursuant to section 442 of the District of Columbia Home Rule Act (D.C. Offi-cial Code, sec. 1–204.42). S
EC. 813. (a) Amounts appropriated in this Act as operating funds may be transferred to the District of Columbia’s enterprise and capital funds and such amounts, once transferred, shall retain appropriation authority consistent with the provisions of this Act. (b) The District of Columbia government is au-thorized to reprogram or transfer for operating expenses any local funds transferred or repro-grammed in this or the four prior fiscal years from operating funds to capital funds, and such amounts, once transferred or reprogrammed, shall retain appropriation authority consistent with the provisions of this Act. (c) The District of Columbia government may not transfer or reprogram for operating expenses any funds derived from bonds, notes, or other obligations issued for capital projects. S
EC. 814. None of the Federal funds appro-priated in this Act shall remain available for ob-ligation beyond the current fiscal year, nor may any be transferred to other appropriations, un-less expressly so provided herein. SEC. 815. Except as otherwise specifically pro-vided by law or under this Act, not to exceed 50 percent of unobligated balances remaining available at the end of fiscal year 2019 from ap-propriations of Federal funds made available for salaries and expenses for fiscal year 2019 in this Act, shall remain available through September 30, 2020, for each such account for the purposes authorized: Provided, That a request shall be submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate for approval prior to the expenditure of such funds: Provided further, That these requests shall be made in compliance with reprogram-ming guidelines outlined in section 803 of this Act. S
EC. 816. (a)(1) During fiscal year 2020, during a period in which neither a District of Columbia continuing resolution or a regular District of Columbia appropriation bill is in effect, local funds are appropriated in the amount provided for any project or activity for which local funds are provided in the Act referred to in paragraph (2) (subject to any modifications enacted by the District of Columbia as of the beginning of the period during which this subsection is in effect) at the rate set forth by such Act. (2) The Act referred to in this paragraph is the Act of the Council of the District of Colum-bia pursuant to which a proposed budget is ap-proved for fiscal year 2020 which (subject to the requirements of the District of Columbia Home Rule Act) will constitute the local portion of the annual budget for the District of Columbia gov-ernment for fiscal year 2020 for purposes of sec-tion 446 of the District of Columbia Home Rule Act (sec. 1–204.46, D.C. Official Code). (b) Appropriations made by subsection (a) shall cease to be available— (1) during any period in which a District of Columbia continuing resolution for fiscal year 2020 is in effect; or (2) upon the enactment into law of the regular District of Columbia appropriation bill for fiscal year 2020. (c) An appropriation made by subsection (a) is provided under the authority and conditions as provided under this Act and shall be available to the extent and in the manner that would be provided by this Act. (d) An appropriation made by subsection (a) shall cover all obligations or expenditures in-curred for such project or activity during the portion of fiscal year 2020 for which this section applies to such project or activity. (e) This section shall not apply to a project or activity during any period of fiscal year 2020 if any other provision of law (other than an au-thorization of appropriations)— (1) makes an appropriation, makes funds available, or grants authority for such project or activity to continue for such period; or (2) specifically provides that no appropriation shall be made, no funds shall be made available, or no authority shall be granted for such project or activity to continue for such period. (f) Nothing in this section shall be construed to affect obligations of the government of the District of Columbia mandated by other law. S
EC. 817. (a) No funds available for obligation or expenditure by the District of Columbia gov-ernment under any authority may be used to enact any act, resolution, rule, regulation, guid-ance, or other law to permit any person to carry out any activity, or to reduce the penalties im-posed with respect to any activity, to which sub-section (a) of section 3 of the Assisted Suicide Funding Restriction Act of 1997 (42 U.S.C. 14402) applies (taking into consideration subsection (b) of such section). (b) Effective February 18, 2017, the Death With Dignity Act of 2016 (D.C. Law 21–182) is hereby repealed. SEC. 818. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out the Reproduc-tive Health Non-Discrimination Amendment Act of 2014 (D.C. Law 20–261) or to implement any rule or regulation promulgated to carry out such Act. S
EC. 819. (a) Effective with respect to fiscal year 2013 and each succeeding fiscal year, the Local Budget Autonomy Amendment Act of 2012 (D.C. Law 19–321) is hereby repealed, and any provision of law amended or repealed by such Act shall be restored or revived as if such Act had not been enacted into law. (b)(1) Section 450 of the District of Columbia Home Rule Act (sec. 1–204.50, D.C. Official Code) is amended— (A) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘The General Fund’’ and inserting ‘‘(a) I
NGEN-
ERAL.—The General Fund’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) A
PPLICATION OF FEDERAL APPROPRIA -
TIONS PROCESS .—Nothing in this Act shall be construed as creating a continuing appropria-tion of the General Fund described in subsection (a). All funds provided for the District of Colum-bia shall be appropriated on an annual fiscal year basis through the Federal appropriations process. For each fiscal year, the District shall be subject to all applicable requirements of sub-chapter III of chapter 13 and subchapter II of chapter 15 of title 31, United States Code (com-monly known as the ‘Anti-Deficiency Act’), the Budget and Accounting Act of 1921, and all other requirements and restrictions applicable to appropriations for such fiscal year.’’. (2) Section 603(a) of such Act (sec. 1–206.03(a), D.C. Official Code) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘existing’’; and (B) by striking the period at the end and in-serting the following: ‘‘, or as authorizing the District of Columbia to make any such change.’’. (3) The amendments made by this subsection shall take effect as if included in the enactment of the District of Columbia Home Rule Act. S
EC. 820. Except as expressly provided other-wise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ contained in this title or in title IV shall be treated as refer-ring only to the provisions of this title or of title IV. TITLE IX FINANCIAL REFORM Subtitle A—Helping Angels Lead Our Startups Act Sec. 901. Definition of angel investor group. Sec. 902. Clarification of general solicitation. Subtitle B—Credit Access and Inclusion Act Sec. 903. Positive credit reporting permitted. Subtitle C—Small Business Mergers, Acquisi-tions, Sales and Brokerage Simplification Act Sec. 904. Registration exemption for merger and acquisition brokers. Sec. 905. Effective date. Subtitle D—Mortgage Choice Act Sec. 906. Definition of points and fees. Sec. 907. Rulemaking. Subtitle E—Fair Investment Opportunities for Professional Experts Act Sec. 908. Definition of accredited investor. Subtitle F—Fostering Innovation Act Sec. 909. Temporary exemption for low-revenue issuers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:02 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00154 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.039 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6419 July 17, 2018 
Subtitle G—End Banking for Human Traffickers Act Sec. 910. Increasing the role of the financial in-dustry in combating human traf-ficking. Sec. 911. Coordination of human trafficking issues by the Office of Terrorism and Financial Intelligence. Sec. 912. Additional reporting requirement under the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000. Sec. 913. Minimum standards for the elimi-nation of trafficking. Subtitle H—Investing in Main Street Act Sec. 914. Investment in small business invest-ment companies. Subtitle I—Privacy Notification Technical Clarification Act Sec. 915. Exception to annual notice require-ment. Subtitle J—Financial Institution Customer Protection Act Sec. 916. Requirements for deposit account ter-mination requests and orders. Subtitle K—Encouraging Public Offerings Act Sec. 917. Expanding testing the waters and con-fidential submissions. Subtitle L—Risk-Based Credit Examination Act Sec. 918. Risk-Based Examinations of Nation-ally Recognized Statistical Rating Organizations. Subtitle M—Protection of Source Code Act Sec. 919. Procedure for obtaining certain intel-lectual property. Subtitle N—Family Office Technical Correction Act Sec. 920. Accredited investor clarification. Subtitle O—Market Data Protection Act Sec. 921. Internal risk controls. Subtitle P—Financial Stability Oversight Council Improvement Act Sec. 922. SIFI designation process. Sec. 923. Rule of construction. Subtitle Q—[Expanding Access to Capital for Rural Job Creators Act Sec. 925. Access to capital for rural-area small businesses. Subtitle R—Volcker Rule Regulatory Harmonization Act Sec. 926. Rulemaking authority under the Volcker rule. Sec. 927. Enforcement; anti-evasion. Sec. 928. Exclusion of community banks from Volcker rule. Subtitle S—Financial Institution Living Will Improvement Act Sec. 929. Living will reforms. Subtitle T—Financial Institutions Examination Fairness and Reform Act Sec. 930. Amendment to definition of financial institution. Sec. 931. Timeliness of examination reports. Sec. 932. Independent Examination Review Di-rector. Sec. 933. Right to independent review of mate-rial supervisory determinations. Sec. 934. Additional amendments. Subtitle U—TRID Improvement Act Sec. 936. Amendments to mortgage disclosure re-quirements. Subtitle V—Common Sense Credit Union Capital Relief Act Sec. 938. Delay in effective date. Subtitle W—Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection–Inspector General Reform Act Sec. 939. Appointment of Inspector General. Sec. 940. Requirements for the Inspector Gen-eral for the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection. Sec. 941. Effective date. Sec. 942. Transition period. Subtitle X—BCFP on Appropriations Sec. 943. Bureau appropriations. Subtitle Y—Stress Test Relief for Nonbanks Sec. 944. Stress test relief for nonbanks. Subtitle Z—Interaffiliate Language Sec. 945. Interaffiliate treatment with respect to initial margin requirements. Subtitle AA—Tailored Application of Prudential Standards Sec. 946. Tailored application of prudential standards. Subtitle AB—Authority to Remove Bureau Director Sec. 947. Authority to remove Bureau Director. Subtitle AC—Congressional Review of Bureau Rulemaking Sec. 948. Congressional review of Bureau rule-making. Sec. 949. Budgetary effects of rules subject to section 802 of title 5, United States Code. Sec. 950. Government Accountability Office study of rules. Sec. 951. Effective date. Subtitle A—Helping Angels Lead Our Startups Act 
DEFINITION OF ANGEL INVESTOR GROUP  S
EC. 901. As used in this subtitle, the term ‘‘angel investor group’’ means any group that— (1) is composed of accredited investors inter-ested in investing personal capital in early-stage companies; (2) holds regular meetings and has defined processes and procedures for making investment decisions, either individually or among the mem-bership of the group as a whole; and (3) is neither associated nor affiliated with brokers, dealers, or investment advisers. 
CLARIFICATION OF GENERAL SOLICITATION  S
EC. 902. (a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Securities and Exchange Commission shall revise Regulation D of its rules (17 C.F.R. 230.500 et seq.) to require that in carrying out the prohibition against general solicitation or general advertising contained in section 230.502(c) of title 17, Code of Federal Regula-tions, the prohibition shall not apply to a pres-entation or other communication made by or on behalf of an issuer which is made at an event— (1) sponsored by— (A) the United States or any territory thereof, by the District of Columbia, by any State, by a political subdivision of any State or territory, or by any agency or public instrumentality of any of the foregoing; (B) a college, university, or other institution of higher education; (C) a nonprofit organization; (D) an angel investor group; (E) a venture forum, venture capital associa-tion, or trade association; or (F) any other group, person or entity as the Securities and Exchange Commission may deter-mine by rule; (2) where any advertising for the event does not reference any specific offering of securities by the issuer; (3) the sponsor of which— (A) does not make investment recommenda-tions or provide investment advice to event attendees; (B) does not engage in an active role in any investment negotiations between the issuer and investors attending the event; (C) does not charge event attendees any fees other than administrative fees; and (D) does not receive any compensation with respect to such event that would require reg-istration of the sponsor as a broker or a dealer under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or as an investment advisor under the Investment Ad-visers Act of 1940; and (4) where no specific information regarding an offering of securities by the issuer is commu-nicated or distributed by or on behalf of the issuer, other than— (A) that the issuer is in the process of offering securities or planning to offer securities; (B) the type and amount of securities being offered; (C) the amount of securities being offered that have already been subscribed for; and (D) the intended use of proceeds of the offer-ing. (b) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Subsection (a) may only be construed as requiring the Securi-ties and Exchange Commission to amend the re-quirements of Regulation D with respect to pres-entations and communications, and not with re-spect to purchases or sales. Subtitle B—Credit Access and Inclusion Act 
POSITIVE CREDIT REPORTING PERMITTED  S
EC. 903. (a) I NGENERAL .—Section 623 of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681s–2) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) F
ULL-FILECREDIT REPORTING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the limitation in paragraph (2) and notwithstanding any other provision of law, a person or the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development may furnish to a consumer reporting agency information re-lating to the performance of a consumer in mak-ing payments— ‘‘(A) under a lease agreement with respect to a dwelling, including such a lease in which the Department of Housing and Urban Development provides subsidized payments for occupancy in a dwelling; or ‘‘(B) pursuant to a contract for a utility or telecommunications service. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—Information about a con-sumer’s usage of any utility services provided by a utility or telecommunication firm may be fur-nished to a consumer reporting agency only to the extent that such information relates to pay-ment by the consumer for the services of such utility or telecommunication service or other terms of the provision of the services to the con-sumer, including any deposit, discount, or con-ditions for interruption or termination of the services. ‘‘(3) P
AYMENT PLAN .—An energy utility firm may not report payment information to a con-sumer reporting agency with respect to an out-standing balance of a consumer as late if— ‘‘(A) the energy utility firm and the consumer have entered into a payment plan (including a deferred payment agreement, an arrearage man-agement program, or a debt forgiveness pro-gram) with respect to such outstanding balance; and ‘‘(B) the consumer is meeting the obligations of the payment plan, as determined by the en-ergy utility firm. ‘‘(4) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection, the fol-lowing definitions shall apply: ‘‘(A) E
NERGY UTILITY FIRM .—The term ‘energy utility firm’ means an entity that provides gas or electric utility services to the public. ‘‘(B) U
TILITY OR TELECOMMUNICATION FIRM .— The term ‘utility or telecommunication firm’ means an entity that provides utility services to the public through pipe, wire, landline, wireless, cable, or other connected facilities, or radio, electronic, or similar transmission (including the extension of such facilities).’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:02 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00155 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.039 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6420 July 17, 2018 
(b) L IMITATION ON LIABILITY .—Section 623(c) of the Consumer Credit Protection Act (15 U.S.C. 1681s–2(c)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (4); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(3) subsection (f) of this section, including any regulations issued thereunder; or’’. (c) GAO S
TUDY AND REPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report on the impact of furnishing information pursuant to subsection (f) of section 623 of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681s–2) (as added by this subtitle) on consumers. Subtitle C—Small Business Mergers, Acquisi-tions, Sales and Brokerage Simplification Act 
REGISTRATION EXEMPTION FOR MERGER AND  
ACQUISITION BROKERS  S
EC. 904. Section 15(b) of the Securities Ex-change Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78o(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(13) R
EGISTRATION EXEMPTION FOR MERGER  
AND ACQUISITION BROKERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-paragraph (B), an M&A broker shall be exempt from registration under this section. ‘‘(B) E
XCLUDED ACTIVITIES .—An M&A broker is not exempt from registration under this para-graph if such broker does any of the following: ‘‘(i) Directly or indirectly, in connection with the transfer of ownership of an eligible privately held company, receives, holds, transmits, or has custody of the funds or securities to be ex-changed by the parties to the transaction. ‘‘(ii) Engages on behalf of an issuer in a pub-lic offering of any class of securities that is reg-istered, or is required to be registered, with the Commission under section 12 or with respect to which the issuer files, or is required to file, peri-odic information, documents, and reports under subsection (d). ‘‘(iii) Engages on behalf of any party in a transaction involving a shell company, other than a business combination related shell com-pany. ‘‘(iv) Directly, or indirectly through any of its affiliates, provides financing related to the transfer of ownership of an eligible privately held company. ‘‘(v) Assists any party to obtain financing from an unaffiliated third party without— ‘‘(I) complying with all other applicable laws in connection with such assistance, including, if applicable, Regulation T (12 C.F.R. 220 et seq.); and ‘‘(II) disclosing any compensation in writing to the party. ‘‘(vi) Represents both the buyer and the seller in the same transaction without providing clear written disclosure as to the parties the broker represents and obtaining written consent from both parties to the joint representation. ‘‘(vii) Facilitates a transaction with a group of buyers formed with the assistance of the M&A broker to acquire the eligible privately held company. ‘‘(viii) Engages in a transaction involving the transfer of ownership of an eligible privately held company to a passive buyer or group of passive buyers. For purposes of the preceding sentence, a buyer that is actively involved in managing the acquired company is not a passive buyer, regardless of whether such buyer is itself owned by passive beneficial owners. ‘‘(ix) Binds a party to a transfer of ownership of an eligible privately held company. ‘‘(C) D
ISQUALIFICATIONS .—An M&A broker is not exempt from registration under this para-graph if such broker is subject to— ‘‘(i) suspension or revocation of registration under paragraph (4); ‘‘(ii) a statutory disqualification described in section 3(a)(39); ‘‘(iii) a disqualification under the rules adopt-ed by the Commission under section 926 of the Investor Protection and Securities Reform Act of 2010 (15 U.S.C. 77d note); or ‘‘(iv) a final order described in paragraph (4)(H). ‘‘(D) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to limit any other authority of the Commission to exempt any per-son, or any class of persons, from any provision of this title, or from any provision of any rule or regulation thereunder. ‘‘(E) D
EFINITIONS .—In this paragraph: ‘‘(i) B
USINESS COMBINATION RELATED SHELL  
COMPANY .—The term ‘business combination re-lated shell company’ means a shell company that is formed by an entity that is not a shell company— ‘‘(I) solely for the purpose of changing the corporate domicile of that entity solely within the United States; or ‘‘(II) solely for the purpose of completing a business combination transaction (as defined under section 230.165(f) of title 17, Code of Fed-eral Regulations) among one or more entities other than the company itself, none of which is a shell company. ‘‘(ii) C
ONTROL .—The term ‘control’ means the power, directly or indirectly, to direct the man-agement or policies of a company, whether through ownership of securities, by contract, or otherwise. There is a presumption of control for any person who— ‘‘(I) is a director, general partner, member or manager of a limited liability company, or cor-porate officer of a corporation or limited liabil-ity company, and exercises executive responsi-bility (or has similar status or functions); ‘‘(II) has the right to vote 25 percent or more of a class of voting securities or the power to sell or direct the sale of 25 percent or more of a class of voting securities; or ‘‘(III) in the case of a partnership or limited liability company, has the right to receive upon dissolution, or has contributed, 25 percent or more of the capital. ‘‘(iii) E
LIGIBLE PRIVATELY HELD COMPANY .— The term ‘eligible privately held company’ means a privately held company that meets both of the following conditions: ‘‘(I) The company does not have any class of securities registered, or required to be registered, with the Commission under section 12 or with respect to which the company files, or is re-quired to file, periodic information, documents, and reports under subsection (d). ‘‘(II) In the fiscal year ending immediately be-fore the fiscal year in which the services of the M&A broker are initially engaged with respect to the securities transaction, the company meets either or both of the following conditions (deter-mined in accordance with the historical finan-cial accounting records of the company): ‘‘(aa) The earnings of the company before in-terest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization are less than $25,000,000. ‘‘(bb) The gross revenues of the company are less than $250,000,000. For purposes of this subclause, the Commission may by rule modify the dollar figures if the Commission determines that such a modification is necessary or appropriate in the public interest or for the protection of investors. ‘‘(iv) M&A 
BROKER .—The term ‘M&A broker’ means a broker, and any person associated with a broker, engaged in the business of effecting se-curities transactions solely in connection with the transfer of ownership of an eligible privately held company, regardless of whether the broker acts on behalf of a seller or buyer, through the purchase, sale, exchange, issuance, repurchase, or redemption of, or a business combination in-volving, securities or assets of the eligible pri-vately held company, if the broker reasonably believes that— ‘‘(I) upon consummation of the transaction, any person acquiring securities or assets of the eligible privately held company, acting alone or in concert, will control and, directly or indi-rectly, will be active in the management of the eligible privately held company or the business conducted with the assets of the eligible pri-vately held company; and ‘‘(II) if any person is offered securities in ex-change for securities or assets of the eligible pri-vately held company, such person will, prior to becoming legally bound to consummate the transaction, receive or have reasonable access to the most recent fiscal year-end financial state-ments of the issuer of the securities as custom-arily prepared by the management of the issuer in the normal course of operations and, if the fi-nancial statements of the issuer are audited, re-viewed, or compiled, any related statement by the independent accountant, a balance sheet dated not more than 120 days before the date of the offer, and information pertaining to the management, business, results of operations for the period covered by the foregoing financial statements, and material loss contingencies of the issuer. ‘‘(v) SHELL COMPANY .—The term ‘shell com-pany’ means a company that at the time of a transaction with an eligible privately held com-pany— ‘‘(I) has no or nominal operations; and ‘‘(II) has— ‘‘(aa) no or nominal assets; ‘‘(bb) assets consisting solely of cash and cash equivalents; or ‘‘(cc) assets consisting of any amount of cash and cash equivalents and nominal other assets. ‘‘(F) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—On the date that is 5 years after the date of the enactment of the Small Business Mergers, Acquisitions, Sales, and Bro-kerage Simplification Act of 2018, and every 5 years thereafter, each dollar amount in sub-paragraph (E)(ii)(II) shall be adjusted by— ‘‘(I) dividing the annual value of the Employ-ment Cost Index For Wages and Salaries, Pri-vate Industry Workers (or any successor index), as published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics, for the calendar year preceding the calendar year in which the adjustment is being made by the annual value of such index (or successor) for the calendar year ending December 31, 2012; and ‘‘(II) multiplying such dollar amount by the quotient obtained under subclause (I). ‘‘(ii) R
OUNDING .—Each dollar amount deter-mined under clause (i) shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $100,000.’’. 
EFFECTIVE DATE  S
EC. 905. This subtitle and any amendment made by this subtitle shall take effect on the date that is 90 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. Subtitle D—Mortgage Choice Act 
DEFINITION OF POINTS AND FEES  S
EC. 906. (a) A MENDMENT TO SECTION 103 OF TILA.—Section 103(bb)(4) of the Truth in Lend-ing Act (15 U.S.C. 1602(bb)(4)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)(B)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘paragraph (1)(A) and section 129C’’; (2) in subparagraph (C)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:02 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00156 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.039 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6421 July 17, 2018 
(A) by inserting ‘‘and insurance’’ after ‘‘taxes’’; (B) in clause (ii), by inserting ‘‘, except as re-tained by a creditor or its affiliate as a result of their participation in an affiliated business ar-rangement (as defined in section 2(7) of the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974 (12 U.S.C. 2602(7))’’ after ‘‘compensation’’; and (C) by striking clause (iii) and inserting the following: ‘‘(iii) the charge is— ‘‘(I) a bona fide third-party charge not re-tained by the mortgage originator, creditor, or an affiliate of the creditor or mortgage origi-nator; or ‘‘(II) a charge set forth in section 106(e)(1);’’; and (3) in subparagraph (D)— (A) by striking ‘‘accident,’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘or any payments’’ and insert-ing ‘‘and any payments’’. (b) A
MENDMENT TO SECTION 129C OFTILA.— Section 129C of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1639c) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(5)(C), by striking ‘‘103’’ and all that follows through ‘‘or mortgage origi-nator’’ and inserting ‘‘103(bb)(4)’’; and (2) in subsection (b)(2)(C)(i), by striking ‘‘103’’ and all that follows through ‘‘or mortgage origi-nator)’’ and inserting ‘‘103(bb)(4)’’. 
RULEMAKING  S
EC. 907. Not later than the end of the 90-day period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection shall issue final regulations to carry out the amendments made by this subtitle, and such regulations shall be effective upon issuance. Subtitle E—Fair Investment Opportunities for Professional Experts Act 
DEFINITION OF ACCREDITED INVESTOR  S
EC. 908. (a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2(a)(15) of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77b(a)(15) is amended— (1) by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as sub-paragraphs (A) and (F), respectively; and (2) in subparagraph (A) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a semicolon, and inserting after such subparagraph the fol-lowing: ‘‘(B) any natural person whose individual net worth, or joint net worth with that person’s spouse, exceeds $1,000,000 (which amount, along with the amounts set forth in subparagraph (C), shall be adjusted for inflation by the Commis-sion every 5 years to the nearest $10,000 to re-flect the change in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics) where, for purposes of cal-culating net worth under this subparagraph— ‘‘(i) the person’s primary residence shall not be included as an asset; ‘‘(ii) indebtedness that is secured by the per-son’s primary residence, up to the estimated fair market value of the primary residence at the time of the sale of securities, shall not be in-cluded as a liability (except that if the amount of such indebtedness outstanding at the time of sale of securities exceeds the amount out-standing 60 days before such time, other than as a result of the acquisition of the primary resi-dence, the amount of such excess shall be in-cluded as a liability); and ‘‘(iii) indebtedness that is secured by the per-son’s primary residence in excess of the esti-mated fair market value of the primary resi-dence at the time of the sale of securities shall be included as a liability; ‘‘(C) any natural person who had an indi-vidual income in excess of $200,000 in each of the 2 most recent years or joint income with that person’s spouse in excess of $300,000 in each of those years and has a reasonable expectation of reaching the same income level in the current year; ‘‘(D) any natural person who is currently li-censed or registered as a broker or investment adviser by the Commission, the Financial Indus-try Regulatory Authority, or an equivalent self- regulatory organization (as defined in section 3(a)(26) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), or the securities division of a State or the equiv-alent State division responsible for licensing or registration of individuals in connection with securities activities; ‘‘(E) any natural person the Commission de-termines, by regulation, to have demonstrable education or job experience to qualify such per-son as having professional knowledge of a sub-ject related to a particular investment, and whose education or job experience is verified by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority or an equivalent self-regulatory organization (as defined in section 3(a)(26) of the Securities Ex-change Act of 1934); or’’. (b) RULEMAKING .—The Commission shall re-vise the definition of accredited investor under Regulation D (17 C.F.R. 230.501 et seq.) to con-form with the amendments made by subsection (a). Subtitle F—Fostering Innovation Act 
TEMPORARY EXEMPTION FOR LOW -REVENUE  
ISSUERS  S
EC. 909. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (15 U.S.C. 7262) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(d) T
EMPORARY EXEMPTION FOR LOW-REV-
ENUE ISSUERS .— ‘‘(1) L
OW-REVENUE EXEMPTION .—Subsection (b) shall not apply with respect to an audit re-port prepared for an issuer that— ‘‘(A) ceased to be an emerging growth com-pany on the last day of the fiscal year of the issuer following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of common equity securities of the issuer pursuant to an effective registra-tion statement under the Securities Act of 1933; ‘‘(B) had average annual gross revenues of less than $50,000,000 as of its most recently com-pleted fiscal year; and ‘‘(C) is not a large accelerated filer. ‘‘(2) E
XPIRATION OF TEMPORARY EXEMPTION .— An issuer ceases to be eligible for the exemption described under paragraph (1) at the earliest of— ‘‘(A) the last day of the fiscal year of the issuer following the tenth anniversary of the date of the first sale of common equity securities of the issuer pursuant to an effective registra-tion statement under the Securities Act of 1933; ‘‘(B) the last day of the fiscal year of the issuer during which the average annual gross revenues of the issuer exceed $50,000,000; or ‘‘(C) the date on which the issuer becomes a large accelerated filer. ‘‘(3) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-section: ‘‘(A) A
VERAGE ANNUAL GROSS REVENUES .—The term ‘average annual gross revenues’ means the total gross revenues of an issuer over its most re-cently completed three fiscal years divided by three. ‘‘(B) E
MERGING GROWTH COMPANY .—The term ‘emerging growth company’ has the meaning given such term under section 3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c). ‘‘(C) L
ARGE ACCELERATED FILER .—The term ‘large accelerated filer’ has the meaning given that term under section 240.12b–2 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor thereto.’’. Subtitle G—End Banking for Human Traffickers Act INCREASING THE ROLE OF THE FINANCIAL  
INDUSTRY IN COMBATING HUMAN TRAFFICKING  S
EC. 910. (a) T REASURY AS A MEMBER OF THE  P
RESIDENT ’SINTERAGENCY TASK FORCE TO M
ONITOR AND COMBAT TRAFFICKING .—Section 105(b) of the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7103(b)) is amended by inserting ‘‘the Secretary of the Treasury,’’ after ‘‘the Secretary of Education,’’. (b) R
EQUIRED REVIEW OF PROCEDURES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Financial Institutions Ex-amination Council, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, the private sector, and appropriate law enforcement agencies, shall— (1) review and enhance training and examina-tions procedures to improve the capabilities of anti-money laundering and countering the fi-nancing of terrorism programs to detect finan-cial transactions relating to severe forms of traf-ficking in persons; (2) review and enhance procedures for refer-ring potential cases relating to severe forms of trafficking in persons to the appropriate law en-forcement agency; and (3) determine, as appropriate, whether re-quirements for financial institutions are suffi-cient to detect and deter money laundering re-lating to severe forms of trafficking in persons. (c) I
NTERAGENCY TASKFORCE RECOMMENDA -
TIONS TARGETING MONEY LAUNDERING RELATED  
TOHUMAN TRAFFICKING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Inter-agency Task Force to Monitor and Combat Trafficking shall submit to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services and the Committee on the Judi-ciary of the House of Representatives, the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Sen-ate, and the head of each appropriate Federal banking agency— (A) an analysis of anti-money laundering ef-forts of the United States Government and United States financial institutions relating to severe forms of trafficking in persons; and (B) appropriate legislative, administrative, and other recommendations to strengthen efforts against money laundering relating to severe forms of trafficking in persons. (2) R
EQUIRED RECOMMENDATIONS .—The rec- ommendations under paragraph (1) shall in-clude— (A) feedback from financial institutions on best practices of successful programs to combat severe forms of trafficking in persons currently in place that may be suitable for broader adop-tion by similarly situated financial institutions; (B) feedback from stakeholders, including vic-tims of severe forms of trafficking in persons and financial institutions, on policy proposals derived from the analysis conducted by the task force referred to in paragraph (1) that would en-hance the efforts and programs of financial in-stitutions to detect and deter money laundering relating to severe forms of trafficking in persons, including any recommended changes to internal policies, procedures, and controls relating to se-vere forms of trafficking in persons; (C) any recommended changes to training pro-grams at financial institutions to better equip employees to deter and detect money laundering relating to severe forms of trafficking in persons; (D) any recommended changes to expand in-formation sharing relating to severe forms of trafficking in persons among financial institu-tions and between such financial institutions, appropriate law enforcement agencies, and ap-propriate Federal agencies; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:02 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00157 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.039 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6422 July 17, 2018 
(E) recommended changes, if necessary, to ex-isting statutory law to more effectively detect and deter money laundering relating to severe forms of trafficking in persons, where such money laundering involves the use of emerging technologies and virtual currencies. (d) L
IMITATION .—Nothing in this subtitle shall be construed to grant rulemaking authority to the Interagency Task Force to Monitor and Combat Trafficking. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—As used in this section— (1) the term ‘‘appropriate Federal banking agency’’ has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 3(q) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813(q)); (2) the term ‘‘severe forms of trafficking in persons’’ has the meaning given such term in section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102); (3) the term ‘‘Interagency Task Force to Mon-itor and Combat Trafficking’’ means the Inter-agency Task Force to Monitor and Combat Trafficking established by the President pursu-ant to section 105 of the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7103); and (4) the term ‘‘law enforcement agency’’ means an agency of the United States, a State, or a po-litical subdivision of a State, authorized by law or by a government agency to engage in or su-pervise the prevention, detection, investigation, or prosecution of any violation of criminal or civil law. 
COORDINATION OF HUMAN TRAFFICKING ISSUES BY  
THE OFFICE OF TERRORISM AND FINANCIAL IN -
TELLIGENCE  S
EC. 911. (a) F UNCTIONS .—Section 312(a)(4) of title 31, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraphs (E), (F), and (G) as subparagraphs (F), (G), and (H), re-spectively; and (2) by inserting after subparagraph (D) the following: ‘‘(E) combating illicit financing relating to se-vere forms of trafficking in persons;’’. (b) I
NTERAGENCY COORDINATION .—Section 312(a) of title 31, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) I
NTERAGENCY COORDINATION .—The Sec- retary of the Treasury, after consultation with the Undersecretary for Terrorism and Financial Crimes, shall designate an office within the OTFI that shall coordinate efforts to combat the illicit financing of severe forms of trafficking in persons with— ‘‘(A) other offices of the Department of the Treasury; ‘‘(B) other Federal agencies, including— ‘‘(i) the Office to Monitor and Combat Traf-ficking in Persons of the Department of State; and ‘‘(ii) the Interagency Task Force to Monitor and Combat Trafficking; ‘‘(C) State and local law enforcement agen-cies; and ‘‘(D) foreign governments.’’. (c) D
EFINITION .—Section 312(a) of title 31, United States Code, as amended by this section, is further amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(9) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘severe forms of trafficking in persons’ has the meaning given such term in section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102).’’. 
ADDITIONAL REPORTING REQUIREMENT UNDER  
THE TRAFFICKING VICTIMS PROTECTION ACT OF  
2000 S
EC. 912. Section 105(d)(7) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7103(d)(7)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A)— (A) by inserting ‘‘the Committee on Financial Services,’’ after ‘‘the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs,’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs,’’ after ‘‘the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations,’’; (2) in subparagraph (Q)(vii), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (3) in subparagraph (R), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(S) the efforts of the United States to elimi-nate money laundering relating to severe forms of trafficking in persons and the number of in-vestigations, arrests, indictments, and convic-tions in money laundering cases with a nexus to severe forms of trafficking in persons.’’. MINIMUM STANDARDS FOR THE ELIMINATION OF  
TRAFFICKING  S
EC. 913. Section 108(b) of the Trafficking Vic-tims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7106(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(13) Whether the government of the country, consistent with the capacity of the country, has in effect a framework to prevent financial trans-actions involving the proceeds of severe forms of trafficking in persons, and is taking steps to im-plement such a framework, including by inves-tigating, prosecuting, convicting, and sen-tencing individuals who attempt or conduct such transactions.’’. Subtitle H—Investing in Main Street Act 
INVESTMENT IN SMALL BUSINESS INVESTMENT  
COMPANIES  S
EC. 914. Section 302(b) of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 682(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting before the period the following: ‘‘or, subject to the ap-proval of the appropriate Federal banking agen-cy, 15 percent of such capital and surplus’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by inserting before the period the following: ‘‘or, subject to the ap-proval of the appropriate Federal banking agen-cy, 15 percent of such capital and surplus’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) A
PPROPRIATE FEDERAL BANKING AGENCY  
DEFINED .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘appropriate Federal banking agency’ has the meaning given that term under section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.’’. Subtitle I—Privacy Notification Technical Clarification Act 
EXCEPTION TO ANNUAL NOTICE REQUIREMENT  S
EC. 915. Section 503 of the Gramm-Leach-Bli-ley Act (15 U.S.C. 6803) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) A
DDITIONAL EXCEPTION TO ANNUAL NO-
TICEREQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A vehicle financial com-pany that has not changed its policies and prac-tices with regard to disclosing nonpublic per-sonal information from the policies and prac-tices that were disclosed in the most recent dis-closure sent to consumers in accordance with this section shall not be required to provide an annual disclosure under this section if— ‘‘(A) the vehicle financial company makes its current policy available to consumers on its website and via mail upon written request sent to a designated address identified for the pur-pose of requesting the policy or upon telephone request made using a toll free consumer service telephone number; ‘‘(B) the vehicle financial company conspicu-ously notifies consumers of the availability of the current policy, including— ‘‘(i) with respect to consumers who are enti-tled to a periodic billing statement, a message on the front page of each periodic billing statement; and ‘‘(ii) with respect to consumers who are not entitled to a periodic billing statement, through other reasonable means such as through a link on the landing page of the company’s website or with other written communication, including electronic communication, sent to the consumer; and ‘‘(C) the vehicle financial company— ‘‘(i) provides consumers with the ability to opt out, subject to any exemption or exception pro-vided under subsection (b)(2) or (e) of section 502 or under regulations prescribed under sec-tion 504(b), of having the consumer’s nonpublic personal information disclosed to a nonaffiliated third party; and ‘‘(ii) includes a description about where to lo-cate the procedures for a consumer to select such opt out in each periodic billing statement sent to the consumer. ‘‘(2) TREATMENT OF MULTIPLE POLICIES .—If a vehicle financial company maintains more than one set of policies described under paragraph (1) that vary depending on the consumer’s account status or State of residence, the vehicle finan-cial company may comply with the website post-ing requirement in paragraph (1)(A) by posting all of such policies to the public section of the vehicle financial company’s website, with in-structions for choosing the applicable policy. ‘‘(3) V
EHICLE FINANCIAL COMPANY DEFINED .— For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘vehi-cle financial company’ means— ‘‘(A) a financial institution that— ‘‘(i) is regularly engaged in the business of ex-tending credit for the purchase of vehicles; ‘‘(ii) is affiliated with a vehicle manufacturer; and ‘‘(iii) only shares nonpublic personal informa-tion of consumers with nonaffiliated third par-ties that are vehicle dealers; or ‘‘(B) a financial institution that— ‘‘(i) regularly engages in the business of ex-tending credit for the purchase or lease of vehi-cles from vehicle dealers; or ‘‘(ii) purchases vehicle installment sales con-tracts or leases from vehicle dealers.’’. Subtitle II—Financial Institution Customer Protection Act 
REQUIREMENTS FOR DEPOSIT ACCOUNT  
TERMINATION REQUESTS AND ORDERS  S
EC. 916. (a) T ERMINATION REQUESTS OR OR-
DERS MUSTBEVALID.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—An appropriate Federal banking agency may not formally or informally request or order a depository institution to ter-minate a specific customer account or group of customer accounts or to otherwise restrict or dis-courage a depository institution from entering into or maintaining a banking relationship with a specific customer or group of customers un-less— (A) the agency has a valid reason for such re-quest or order; and (B) such reason is not based solely on reputa-tion risk. (2) T
REATMENT OF NATIONAL SECURITY  
THREATS .—If an appropriate Federal banking agency believes a specific customer or group of customers is, or is acting as a conduit for, an entity which— (A) poses a threat to national security; (B) is involved in terrorist financing; (C) is an agency of the Government of Iran, North Korea, Syria, or any country listed from time to time on the State Sponsors of Terrorism list; (D) is located in, or is subject to the jurisdic-tion of, any country specified in subparagraph (C); or (E) does business with any entity described in subparagraph (C) or (D), unless the appropriate Federal banking agency determines that the customer or group of customers has used due diligence to avoid doing business with any enti-ty described in subparagraph (C) or (D), such belief shall satisfy the requirement under paragraph (1). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:02 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00158 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.039 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6423 July 17, 2018 
(b) N OTICE REQUIREMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If an appropriate Federal banking agency formally or informally requests or orders a depository institution to terminate a specific customer account or a group of customer accounts, the agency shall— (A) provide such request or order to the insti-tution in writing; and (B) accompany such request or order with a written justification for why such termination is needed, including any specific laws or regula-tions the agency believes are being violated by the customer or group of customers, if any. (2) J
USTIFICATION REQUIREMENT .—A justifica-tion described under paragraph (1)(B) may not be based solely on the reputation risk to the de-pository institution. (c) C
USTOMER NOTICE .— (1) N
OTICE REQUIRED .—Except as provided under paragraph (2) or as otherwise prohibited from being disclosed by law, if an appropriate Federal banking agency orders a depository in-stitution to terminate a specific customer ac-count or a group of customer accounts, the de-pository institution shall inform the specific cus-tomer or group of customers of the justification for the customer’s account termination described under subsection (b). (2) N
OTICE PROHIBITED .— (A) N
OTICE PROHIBITED IN CASES OF NATIONAL  
SECURITY .—If an appropriate Federal banking agency requests or orders a depository institu-tion to terminate a specific customer account or a group of customer accounts based on a belief that the customer or customers pose a threat to national security, or are otherwise described under subsection (a)(2), neither the depository institution nor the appropriate Federal banking agency may inform the customer or customers of the justification for the customer’s account ter-mination. (B) N
OTICE PROHIBITED IN OTHER CASES .—If an appropriate Federal banking agency deter-mines that the notice required under paragraph (1) may interfere with an authorized criminal investigation, neither the depository institution nor the appropriate Federal banking agency may inform the specific customer or group of customers of the justification for the customer’s account termination. (d) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Each appro-priate Federal banking agency shall issue an annual report to the Congress stating— (1) the aggregate number of specific customer accounts that the agency requested or ordered a depository institution to terminate during the previous year; and (2) the legal authority on which the agency relied in making such requests and orders and the frequency on which the agency relied on each such authority. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE FEDERAL BANKING AGENCY .— The term ‘‘appropriate Federal banking agen-cy’’ means— (A) the appropriate Federal banking agency, as defined under section 3 of the Federal De-posit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813); and (B) the National Credit Union Administration, in the case of an insured credit union. (2) D
EPOSITORY INSTITUTION .—The term ‘‘de-pository institution’’ means— (A) a depository institution, as defined under section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813); and (B) an insured credit union. Subtitle III—Encouraging Public Offerings Act 
EXPANDING TESTING THE WATERS AND  
CONFIDENTIAL SUBMISSIONS  S
EC. 917. The Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77a et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 5(d)— (A) by striking ‘‘Notwithstanding’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Notwithstanding’’; (B) by striking ‘‘an emerging growth company or any person authorized to act on behalf of an emerging growth company’’ and inserting ‘‘an issuer or any person authorized to act on behalf of an issuer’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission may issue regulations, subject to public notice and com-ment, to impose such other terms, conditions, or requirements on the engaging in oral or written communications described under paragraph (1) by an issuer other than an emerging growth company as the Commission determines appro-priate. ‘‘(B) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Prior to any rulemaking described under subparagraph (A), the Commission shall issue a report to the Con-gress containing a list of the findings supporting the basis of such rulemaking.’’; and (2) in section 6(e)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘E
MERGING  G
ROWTH COMPANIES ’’ and inserting ‘‘D RAFT R
EGISTRATION STATEMENTS ’’; (B) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-graph (4); and (C) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) P
RIOR TO INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING .—Any issuer, prior to its initial public offering date, may confidentially submit to the Commission a draft registration statement, for confidential nonpublic review by the staff of the Commission prior to public filing, provided that the initial confidential submission and all amendments thereto shall be publicly filed with the Commis-sion not later than 15 days before the date on which the issuer conducts a road show (as de-fined under section 230.433(h)(4) of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations) or, in the absence of a road show, at least 15 days prior to the re-quested effective date of the registration state-ment. ‘‘(2) W
ITHIN 1 YEAR AFTER INITIAL PUBLIC OF -
FERING OR EXCHANGE REGISTRATION .—Any issuer, within the 1-year period following its ini-tial public offering or its registration of a secu-rity under section 12(b) of the Securities Ex-change Act of 1934, may confidentially submit to the Commission a draft registration statement, for confidential nonpublic review by the staff of the Commission prior to public filing, provided that the initial confidential submission and all amendments thereto shall be publicly filed with the Commission not later than 15 days before the date on which the issuer conducts a road show (as defined under section 230.433(h)(4) of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations) or, in the absence of a road show, at least 15 days prior to the requested effective date of the registration statement. ‘‘(3) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission may issue regulations, subject to public notice and com-ment, to impose such other terms, conditions, or requirements on the submission of draft registra-tion statements described under this subsection by an issuer other than an emerging growth company as the Commission determines appro-priate. ‘‘(B) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Prior to any rulemaking described under subparagraph (A), the Commission shall issue a report to the Con-gress containing a list of the findings supporting the basis of such rulemaking.’’. Subtitle IV—Risk-Based Credit Examination Act 
RISK-BASED EXAMINATIONS OF NATIONALLY  
RECOGNIZED STATISTICAL RATING ORGANIZATIONS  S
EC. 918. Section 15E(p)(3)(B) of the Securities Ex-change Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78o–7(p)(3)(B)) is amended in the matter preceding clause (i), by inserting ‘‘, as appropriate,’’ after ‘‘Each exam-ination under subparagraph (A) shall include’’. Subtitle V—Protection of Source Code Act PROCEDURE FOR OBTAINING CERTAIN  
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY  S
EC. 919. (a) P ERSONS UNDER SECURITIES ACT 
OF1933.—Section 8 of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77h) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) P
ROCEDURE FOR OBTAINING CERTAIN IN-
TELLECTUAL PROPERTY .—The Commission is not authorized to compel under this title a person to produce or furnish source code, including algo-rithmic trading source code or similar intellec-tual property that forms the basis for design of the source code, to the Commission unless the Commission first issues a subpoena.’’. (b) P
ERSONS UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE  A
CT OF 1934.—Section 23 of the Securities Ex-change Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78w) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) P
ROCEDURE FOR OBTAINING CERTAIN IN-
TELLECTUAL PROPERTY .—The Commission is not authorized to compel under this title a person to produce or furnish source code, including algo-rithmic trading source code or similar intellec-tual property that forms the basis for design of the source code, to the Commission unless the Commission first issues a subpoena.’’. (c) I
NVESTMENT COMPANIES .—Section 31 of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a– 30) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(e) P
ROCEDURE FOR OBTAINING CERTAIN IN-
TELLECTUAL PROPERTY .—The Commission is not authorized to compel under this title an invest-ment company to produce or furnish source code, including algorithmic trading source code or similar intellectual property that forms the basis for design of the source code, to the Com-mission unless the Commission first issues a sub-poena.’’. (d) I
NVESTMENT ADVISERS .—Section 204 of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b– 4) is amended— (1) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) P
ROCEDURE FOR OBTAINING CERTAIN IN-
TELLECTUAL PROPERTY .—The Commission is not authorized to compel under this title an invest-ment adviser to produce or furnish source code, including algorithmic trading source code or similar intellectual property that forms the basis for design of the source code, to the Commission unless the Commission first issues a subpoena.’’; and (2) in the second subsection (d), by striking ‘‘(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘(e)’’. Subtitle VI—Family Office Technical Correction Act 
ACCREDITED INVESTOR CLARIFICATION  S
EC. 920. (a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to sub-section (b), any family office or a family client of a family office, as defined in section 275.202(a)(11)(G)–1 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, shall be deemed to be an accredited investor, as defined in Regulation D of the Se-curities and Exchange Commission (or any suc-cessor thereto) under the Securities Act of 1933. (b) L
IMITATION .—Subsection (a) only applies to a family office with assets under management in excess of $5,000,000, and a family office or a family client not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the securities offered, and whose purchase is directed by a person who has such knowledge 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:02 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00159 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.039 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6424 July 17, 2018 
and experience in financial and business mat-ters that such person is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective invest-ment. Subtitle VII—Market Data Protection Act 
INTERNAL RISK CONTROLS  S
EC. 921. The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78a et seq.) is amended— (1) by inserting after section 4E the following: 
‘‘SEC. 4F. INTERNAL RISK CONTROLS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Each of the following enti-ties, in consultation with the Chief Economist, shall develop comprehensive internal risk con-trol mechanisms to safeguard and govern the storage of all market data by such entity, all market data sharing agreements of such entity, and all academic research performed at such en-tity using market data: ‘‘(1) The Commission. ‘‘(2) Each national securities association reg-istered pursuant to section 15A. ‘‘(3) The operator of the consolidated audit trail created by a national market system plan approved pursuant to section 242.613 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulation). ‘‘(b) C
ONSOLIDATED AUDIT TRAIL PROHIBITED  F
ROM ACCEPTING MARKET DATAUNTIL MECHA-
NISMS DEVELOPED .—The operator described in paragraph (3) of subsection (a) may not accept market data (or shall cease accepting market data) until the operator has developed the mechanisms required by such subsection. Any requirement for a person to provide market data to the operator shall not apply during any time when the operator is prohibited by this sub-section from accepting such data. ‘‘(c) T
REATMENT OF PREVIOUSLY DEVELOPED  M
ECHANISMS .—The development of comprehen-sive internal risk control mechanisms required by subsection (a) may occur, in whole or in part, before the date of the enactment of this section, if such development and such mecha-nisms meet the requirements of such subsection (including consultation with the Chief Econo-mist).’’; and (2) in section 3(a)— (A) by redesignating the second paragraph (80) (relating to funding portals) as paragraph (81); and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(82) C
HIEF ECONOMIST .—The term ‘Chief Economist’ means the Director of the Division of Economic and Risk Analysis, or an employee of the Commission with comparable authority, as determined by the Commission.’’. Subtitle VIII—Financial Stability Oversight Council Improvement Act 
SIFI DESIGNATION PROCESS  S
EC. 922. Section 113 of the Financial Stability Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5323) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (J), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) by redesignating subparagraph (K) as sub-paragraph (L); and (C) by inserting after subparagraph (J) the following: ‘‘(K) the appropriateness of the imposition of prudential standards as opposed to other forms of regulation to mitigate the identified risks; and’’; (2) in subsection (b)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (J), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) by redesignating subparagraph (K) as sub-paragraph (L); (C) by inserting after subparagraph (J) the following: ‘‘(K) the appropriateness of the imposition of prudential standards as opposed to other forms of regulation to mitigate the identified risks; and’’; and (3) by amending subsection (d) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(d) REEVALUATION AND RESCISSION .— ‘‘(1) A
NNUAL REEVALUATION .—Not less fre-quently than annually, the Council shall re-evaluate each determination made under sub-sections (a) and (b) with respect to a nonbank financial company supervised by the Board of Governors and shall— ‘‘(A) provide written notice to the nonbank fi-nancial company being reevaluated and afford such company an opportunity to submit written materials, within such time as the Council deter-mines to be appropriate (but which shall be not less than 30 days after the date of receipt by the company of such notice), to contest the deter-mination, including materials concerning whether, in the company’s view, material finan-cial distress at the company, or the nature, scope, size, scale, concentration, interconnected-ness, or mix of the activities of the company could pose a threat to the financial stability of the United States; ‘‘(B) provide an opportunity for the nonbank financial company to meet with the Council to present the information described in subpara-graph (A); and ‘‘(C) if the Council does not rescind the deter-mination, provide notice to the nonbank finan-cial company, its primary financial regulatory agency and the primary financial regulatory agency of any of the company’s significant sub-sidiaries of the reasons for the Council’s deci-sion, which notice shall address with specificity how the Council assessed the material factors presented by the company under subparagraphs (A) and (B). ‘‘(2) P
ERIODIC REEVALUATION .— ‘‘(A) R
EVIEW .—Every 5 years after the date of a final determination with respect to a nonbank financial company under subsection (a) or (b), as applicable, the nonbank financial company may submit a written request to the Council for a reevaluation of such determination. Upon re-ceipt of such a request, the Council shall con-duct a reevaluation of such determination and hold a vote on whether to rescind such deter-mination. ‘‘(B) P
ROCEDURES .—Upon receipt of a written request under paragraph (A), the Council shall fix a time (not earlier than 30 days after the date of receipt of the request) and place at which such company may appear, personally or through counsel, to— ‘‘(i) submit written materials (which may in-clude a plan to modify the company’s business, structure, or operations, which shall specify the length of the implementation period); and ‘‘(ii) provide oral testimony and oral argument before the members of the Council. ‘‘(C) T
REATMENT OF PLAN .—If the company submits a plan in accordance with subpara-graph (B)(i), the Council shall consider whether the plan, if implemented, would cause the com-pany to no longer meet the standards for a final determination under subsection (a) or (b), as ap-plicable. The Council shall provide the nonbank financial company an opportunity to revise the plan after consultation with the Council. ‘‘(D) E
XPLANATION FOR CERTAIN COMPANIES .— With respect to a reevaluation under this para-graph where the determination being reevalu-ated was made before the date of enactment of this paragraph, the nonbank financial company may require the Council, as part of such re-evaluation, to explain with specificity the basis for such determination. ‘‘(3) R
ESCISSION OF DETERMINATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If the Council, by a vote of not fewer than 
2⁄3of the voting members then serving, including an affirmative vote by the Chairperson, determines under this subsection that a nonbank financial company no longer meets the standards for a final determination under subsection (a) or (b), as applicable, the Council shall rescind such determination. ‘‘(B) APPROVAL OF COMPANY PLAN .—Approval by the Council of a plan submitted or revised in accordance with paragraph (2) shall require a vote of not fewer than 
2⁄3of the voting members then serving, including an affirmative vote by the Chairperson. If such plan is approved by the Council, the company shall implement the plan during the period identified in the plan, except that the Council, in its sole discretion and upon request from the company, may grant one or more extensions of the implementation period. After the end of the implementation period, in-cluding any extensions granted by the Council, the Council shall proceed to a vote as described under subparagraph (A).’’; (4) by amending subsection (e) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(e) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR PROPOSED DETER-
MINATION , NOTICE AND OPPORTUNITY FOR HEAR-
ING, ANDFINAL DETERMINATION .— ‘‘(1) N
OTICE OF IDENTIFICATION FOR INITIAL  
EVALUATION AND OPPORTUNITY FOR VOLUNTARY  
SUBMISSION .—Upon identifying a nonbank fi-nancial company for comprehensive analysis of the potential for the nonbank company to pose a threat to the financial stability of the United States, the Council shall provide the nonbank financial company with— ‘‘(A) written notice that explains with speci-ficity the basis for so identifying the company, a copy of which shall be provided to the com-pany’s primary financial regulatory agency; ‘‘(B) an opportunity to submit written mate-rials for consideration by the Council as part of the Council’s initial evaluation of the risk pro-file and characteristics of the company; ‘‘(C) an opportunity to meet with the Council to discuss the Council’s analysis; and ‘‘(D) a list of the public sources of information being considered by the Council as part of such analysis. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS BEFORE MAKING A PRO -
POSED DETERMINATION .—Before making a pro-posed determination with respect to a nonbank financial company under paragraph (3), the Council shall— ‘‘(A) by a vote of not fewer than 
2⁄3of the vot- ing members then serving, including an affirma-tive vote by the Chairperson, approve a resolu-tion that identifies with specificity any risks to the financial stability of the United States the Council has identified relating to the nonbank financial company; ‘‘(B) with respect to nonbank financial com-pany with a primary financial regulatory agen-cy, provide a copy of the resolution described under subparagraph (A) to the primary finan-cial regulatory agency and provide such agency with at least 180 days from the receipt of the resolution to— ‘‘(i) consider the risks identified in the resolu-tion; and ‘‘(ii) provide a written response to the Council that includes its assessment of the risks identi-fied and the degree to which they are or could be addressed by existing regulation and, as ap-propriate, issue proposed regulations or under-take other regulatory action to mitigate the identified risks; ‘‘(C) provide the nonbank financial company with written notice that the Council— ‘‘(i) is considering whether to make a pro-posed determination with respect to the nonbank financial company under subsection (a) or (b), as applicable, which notice explains with specificity the basis for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:02 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00160 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.039 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6425 July 17, 2018 
Council’s consideration, including any aspects of the company’s operations or activities that are a primary focus for the Council; or ‘‘(ii) has determined not to subject the com-pany to further review, which action shall not preclude the Council from issuing a notice to the company under subparagraph (1)(A) at a future time; and ‘‘(D) in the case of a notice to the nonbank fi-nancial company under subparagraph (C)(i), provide the company with— ‘‘(i) an opportunity to meet with the Council to discuss the Council’s analysis; ‘‘(ii) an opportunity to submit written mate-rials, within such time as the Council deems ap-propriate (but not less than 30 days after the date of receipt by the company of the notice de-scribed under clause (i)), to the Council to in-form the Council’s consideration of the nonbank financial company for a proposed determina-tion, including materials concerning the com-pany’s views as to whether it satisfies the stand-ard for determination set forth in subsection (a) or (b), as applicable; ‘‘(iii) an explanation of how any request by the Council for information from the nonbank financial company relates to potential risks to the financial stability of the United States and the Council’s analysis of the company; ‘‘(iv) written notice when the Council deems its evidentiary record regarding such nonbank financial company to be complete; and ‘‘(v) an opportunity to meet with the members of the Council. ‘‘(3) P
ROPOSED DETERMINATION .— ‘‘(A) V
OTING .—The Council may, by a vote of not fewer than 
2⁄3of the voting members then serving, including an affirmative vote by the Chairperson, propose to make a determination in accordance with the provisions of subsection (a) or (b), as applicable, with respect to a nonbank financial company. ‘‘(B) D
EADLINE FOR MAKING A PROPOSED DE -
TERMINATION .—With respect to a nonbank fi-nancial company provided with a written notice under paragraph (2)(C)(i), if the Council does not provide the company with the written notice of a proposed determination described under paragraph (4) within the 180-day period fol-lowing the date on which the Council notifies the company under paragraph (2)(C) that the evidentiary record is complete, the Council may not make such a proposed determination with respect to such company unless the Council re-peats the procedures described under paragraph (2). ‘‘(C) R
EVIEW OF ACTIONS OF PRIMARY FINAN -
CIAL REGULATORY AGENCY .—With respect to a nonbank financial company with a primary fi-nancial regulatory agency, the Council may not vote under subparagraph (A) to make a pro-posed determination unless— ‘‘(i) the Council first determines that any pro-posed regulations or other regulatory actions taken by the primary financial regulatory agen-cy after receipt of the resolution described under paragraph (2)(A) are insufficient to mitigate the risks identified in the resolution; ‘‘(ii) the primary financial regulatory agency has notified the Council that the agency has no proposed regulations or other regulatory actions to mitigate the risks identified in the resolution; or ‘‘(iii) the period allowed by the Council under paragraph (2)(B) has elapsed and the primary financial regulatory agency has taken no action in response to the resolution. ‘‘(4) N
OTICE OF PROPOSED DETERMINATION .— The Council shall— ‘‘(A) provide to a nonbank financial company written notice of a proposed determination of the Council, including an explanation of the basis of the proposed determination of the Coun-cil, that a nonbank financial company shall be supervised by the Board of Governors and shall be subject to prudential standards in accordance with this title, an explanation of the specific risks to the financial stability of the United States presented by the nonbank financial com-pany, and a detailed explanation of why exist-ing regulations or other regulatory action by the company’s primary financial regulatory agency, if any, is insufficient to mitigate such risk; and ‘‘(B) provide the primary financial regulatory agency of the nonbank financial company a copy of the nonpublic written explanation of the Council’s proposed determination. ‘‘(5) HEARING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of receipt of any notice of a pro-posed determination under paragraph (4), the nonbank financial company may request, in writing, an opportunity for a written or oral hearing before the Council to contest the pro-posed determination, including the opportunity to present a plan to modify the company’s busi-ness, structure, or operations in order to miti-gate the risks identified in the notice, and which plan shall also include any steps the company expects to take during the implementation pe-riod to mitigate such risks. ‘‘(B) G
RANT OF HEARING .—Upon receipt of a timely request, the Council shall fix a time (not earlier than 30 days after the date of receipt of the request) and place at which such company may appear, personally or through counsel, to— ‘‘(i) submit written materials (which may in-clude a plan to modify the company’s business, structure, or operations); or ‘‘(ii) provide oral testimony and oral argument to the members of the Council. ‘‘(6) C
OUNCIL CONSIDERATION OF COMPANY  
PLAN.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If a nonbank financial company submits a plan in accordance with paragraph (5), the Council shall, prior to mak-ing a final determination— ‘‘(i) consider whether the plan, if imple-mented, would mitigate the risks identified in the notice under paragraph (4); and ‘‘(ii) provide the nonbank financial company an opportunity to revise the plan after consulta-tion with the Council. ‘‘(B) V
OTING .—Approval by the Council of a plan submitted under paragraph (5) or revised under subparagraph (A)(ii) shall require a vote of not fewer than 
2⁄3of the voting members then serving, including an affirmative vote by the Chairperson. ‘‘(C) I
MPLEMENTATION OF APPROVED PLAN .— With respect to a nonbank financial company’s plan approved by the Council under subpara-graph (B), the company shall have one year to implement the plan, except that the Council, in its sole discretion and upon request from the nonbank financial company, may grant one or more extensions of the implementation period. ‘‘(D) O
VERSIGHT OF IMPLEMENTATION .— ‘‘(i) P
ERIODIC REPORTS .—The Council, acting through the Office of Financial Research, may require the submission of periodic reports from a nonbank financial company for the purpose of evaluating the company’s progress in imple-menting a plan approved by the Council under subparagraph (B). ‘‘(ii) I
NSPECTIONS .—The Council may direct the primary financial regulatory agency of a nonbank financial company or its subsidiaries (or, if none, the Board of Governors) to inspect the company or its subsidiaries for the purpose of evaluating the implementation of the com-pany’s plan. ‘‘(E) A
UTHORITY TO RESCIND APPROVAL .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—During the implementation period described under subparagraph (C), in-cluding any extensions granted by the Council, the Council shall retain the authority to rescind its approval of the plan if the Council finds, by a vote of not fewer than 2⁄3of the voting mem-bers then serving, including an affirmative vote by the Chairperson, that the company’s imple-mentation of the plan is no longer sufficient to mitigate or prevent the risks identified in the resolution described under paragraph (2)(A). ‘‘(ii) F
INAL DETERMINATION VOTE .—The Coun-cil may proceed to a vote on final determination under subsection (a) or (b), as applicable, not earlier than 10 days after providing the nonbank financial company with written notice that the Council has rescinded the approval of the company’s plan pursuant to clause (i). ‘‘(F) A
CTIONS AFTER IMPLEMENTATION .— ‘‘(i) E
VALUATION OF IMPLEMENTATION .—After the end of the implementation period described under subparagraph (C), including any exten-sions granted by the Council, the Council shall consider whether the plan, as implemented by the nonbank financial company, adequately mitigates or prevents the risks identified in the resolution described under paragraph (2)(A). ‘‘(ii) V
OTING .—If, after performing an evalua-tion under clause (i), not fewer than 
2⁄3of the voting members of the Council then serving, in-cluding an affirmative vote by the Chairperson, determine that the plan, as implemented, ade-quately mitigates or prevents the identified risks, the Council shall not make a final deter-mination under subsection (a) or (b), as applica-ble, with respect to the nonbank financial com-pany and shall notify the company of the Coun-cil’s decision to take no further action. ‘‘(7) F
INAL COUNCIL DECISIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of a hearing under paragraph (5), the Council shall notify the nonbank financial company of— ‘‘(i) a final determination under subsection (a) or (b), as applicable; ‘‘(ii) the Council’s approval of a plan sub-mitted by the nonbank financial company under paragraph (5) or revised under paragraph (6); or ‘‘(iii) the Council’s decision to take no further action with respect to the nonbank financial company. ‘‘(B) E
XPLANATORY STATEMENT .—A final de-termination of the Council, under subsection (a) or (b), shall contain a statement of the basis for the decision of the Council, including the rea-sons why the Council rejected any plan by the nonbank financial company submitted under paragraph (5) or revised under paragraph (6). ‘‘(C) N
OTICE TO PRIMARY FINANCIAL REGU -
LATORY AGENCY .—In the case of a final deter-mination under subsection (a) or (b), the Coun-cil shall provide the primary financial regu-latory agency of the nonbank financial com-pany a copy of the nonpublic written expla-nation of the Council’s final determination.’’; (5) in subsection (g), strike ‘‘before the Coun-cil makes any final determination’’ and insert ‘‘from the outset of the Council’s consideration of the company, including before the Council makes any proposed or final determination’’; and (6) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(j) P
UBLIC DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENT .—The Council shall— ‘‘(1) in each case where a nonbank financial company has been notified that it is subject to the Council’s review and the company has pub-licly disclosed such fact, confirm that the nonbank financial company is subject to the Council’s review, in response to a request from a third party; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:03 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00161 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.039 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6426 July 17, 2018 
‘‘(2) upon making a final determination, pub-licly provide a written explanation of the basis for its decision with sufficient detail to provide the public with an understanding of the specific bases of the Council’s determination, including any assumptions related thereof, subject to the requirements of section 112(d)(5); ‘‘(3) include, in the annual report required by section 112, the number of nonbank financial companies from the previous year subject to pre-liminary analysis, further review, and subject to a proposed or final determination; and ‘‘(4) within 90 days after the enactment of this subsection, publish information regarding its methodology for calculating any quantitative thresholds or other metrics used to identify nonbank financial companies for analysis by the Council. ‘‘(k) P
ERIODIC ASSESSMENT OF THE IMPACT OF  D
ESIGNATIONS .— ‘‘(1) A
SSESSMENT .—Every five years after the date of enactment of this section, the Council shall— ‘‘(A) conduct a study of the Council’s deter-minations that nonbank financial companies shall be supervised by the Board of Governors and shall be subject to prudential standards; and ‘‘(B) comprehensively assess the impact of such determinations on the companies for which such determinations were made and the wider economy, including whether such determina-tions are having the intended result of improv-ing the financial stability of the United States. ‘‘(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after completing a study required under paragraph (1), the Council shall issue a report to the Con-gress that— ‘‘(A) describes all findings and conclusions made by the Council in carrying out such study; and ‘‘(B) identifies whether any of the Council’s determinations should be rescinded or whether related regulations or regulatory guidance should be modified, streamlined, expanded, or repealed.’’. 
RULE OF CONSTRUCTION  S
EC. 923. None of the amendments made by this subtitle may be construed as limiting the Fi-nancial Stability Oversight Council’s emergency powers under section 113(f) of the Financial Stability Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5323(f)). Subtitle IX—Expanding Access to Capital for Rural Job Creators Act 
ACCESS TO CAPITAL FOR RURAL -AREA SMALL  
BUSINESSES  S
EC. 925. Section 4(j) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78d(j)) is amended— (1) in paragraph(4)(C), by inserting ‘‘rural- area small businesses,’’ after ‘‘women-owned small businesses,’’; and (2) in paragraph (6)(B)(iii), by inserting ‘‘rural-area small businesses,’’ after ‘‘women- owned small businesses,’’. Subtitle X—Volcker Rule Regulatory Harmonization Act 
RULEMAKING AUTHORITY UNDER THE VOLCKER  
RULE S
EC. 926. (a) I
NGENERAL .—Paragraph (2) of section 13(b) of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (12 U.S.C. 1851(b)(2)) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(2) R
ULEMAKING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Board may, as appro-priate, consult with the Comptroller of the Cur-rency, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corpora-tion, the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to adopt rules or guidance to carry out this sec-tion, as provided in subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) RULEMAKING REQUIREMENTS .—In adopt- ing a rule or guidance under subparagraph (A), the Board— ‘‘(i) shall consider the findings of the report required in paragraph (1) and, as appropriate, subsequent reports; ‘‘(ii) shall assure, to the extent possible, that such rule or guidance provide for consistent ap-plication and implementation of the applicable provisions of this section to avoid providing ad-vantages or imposing disadvantages to the com-panies affected by this subsection and to protect the safety and soundness of banking entities and nonbank financial companies supervised by the Board; and ‘‘(iii) shall include requirements to ensure compliance with this section, such as require-ments regarding internal controls and record-keeping. ‘‘(C) A
UTHORITY .—The Board shall have sole authority to issue and amend rules under this section after the date of the enactment of this paragraph. ‘‘(D) C
ONFORMING AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(i) C
ONTINUITY OF REGULATIONS .—Any rules or guidance issued under this section prior to the date of enactment of this paragraph shall continue in effect until the Board issues a suc-cessor rule or guidance, or amends such rule or guidance, pursuant to subparagraph (C). ‘‘(ii) A
PPLICABLE GUIDANCE .—In performing examinations or other supervisory duties, the appropriate Federal banking agencies, the Secu-rities and Exchange Commission, and the Com-modity Futures Trading Commission, as appro-priate, shall update any applicable policies and procedures to ensure that such policies and pro-cedures are consistent (to the extent practicable) with any rules or guidance issued pursuant to subparagraph (C).’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 13 of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (12 U.S.C. 1851) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘the appropriate Federal bank-ing agencies, the Securities and Exchange Com-mission, and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission,’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘the Board’’; (2) by striking ‘‘appropriate Federal banking agencies, the Securities and Exchange Commis-sion, and the Commodity Futures Trading Com-mission’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Board’’; (3) in subsection (c)(5), by striking ‘‘Notwith-standing paragraph (2)’’ and all that follows through ‘‘provided in subsection (b)(2),’’ and in-serting ‘‘The Board shall have the authority’’; and (4) in subsection (d)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (F)(ii)— (i) by striking ‘‘the appropriate Federal bank-ing agencies’’ and inserting ‘‘the Board’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘have not jointly’’ and insert-ing ‘‘has not’’; and (B) in subparagraph (G)(viii), by striking ‘‘ap-propriate Federal banking agencies, the Securi-ties and Exchange Commission, or the Com-modity Futures Trading Commission,’’ and in-serting ‘‘Board,’’. 
ENFORCEMENT ; ANTI-EVASION  S
EC. 927. (a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (e) of section 13 of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (12 U.S.C. 1851(e)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(e) E
NFORCEMENT ; ANTI-EVASION .— ‘‘(1) A
PPROPRIATE FEDERAL BANKING AGEN -
CY.—Notwithstanding any other provision of law except for any rules or guidance issued under subsection (b)(2), whenever the appro-priate Federal banking agency has reasonable cause to believe that a banking entity or nonbank financial company supervised by the Board has made an investment or engaged in an activity in a manner that either violates the re-strictions under this section, or that functions as an evasion of the requirements of this section (including through an abuse of any permitted activity), such appropriate Federal banking agency shall order, after due notice and oppor-tunity for hearing, the banking entity or nonbank financial company supervised by the Board to terminate the activity and, as relevant, dispose of the investment. ‘‘(2) SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
AND COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMIS -
SION.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law except for any rules or guid-ance issued under subsection (b)(2), whenever the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, as ap-propriate, has reasonable cause to believe that a covered nonbank financial company for which the respective agency is the primary Federal regulator has made an investment or engaged in an activity in a manner that either violates the restrictions under this section, or that functions as an evasion of the requirements of this section (including through an abuse of any permitted activity), the Securities and Exchange Commis-sion or the Commodity Futures Trading Commis-sion, as appropriate, shall order, after due no-tice and opportunity for hearing, the covered nonbank financial company to terminate the ac-tivity and, as relevant, dispose of the invest-ment. ‘‘(B) C
OVERED NONBANK FINANCIAL COMPANY  
DEFINED .—In this paragraph, the term ‘covered nonbank financial company’ means a nonbank financial company (as defined in section 102 of the Financial Stability Act of 2010) supervised by the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, as appropriate.’’. (b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to abrogate, reduce, or eliminate the backup authority of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation authority under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Con-sumer Protection Act (12 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.), the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1811), or Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Im-provement Act of 1991. 
EXCLUSION OF COMMUNITY BANKS FROM VOLCKER  
RULE S
EC. 928. Section 13(h)(1) of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (12 U.S.C. 1851(h)(1)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (D), by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as subclauses (I) and (II), re-spectively, and adjusting the margins accord-ingly; (2) by redesignating subparagraphs (A), (B), (C), and (D) as clauses (i), (ii), (iii), and (iv), re-spectively, and adjusting the margins accord-ingly; (3) in the matter preceding clause (i), as so re-designated, in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘institution that functions solely in a trust or fiduciary capacity, if—’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘institution— ‘‘(A) that functions solely in a trust or fidu-ciary capacity, if—’’; (4) in clause (iv)(II), as so redesignated, by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) that does not have and is not controlled by a company that has— ‘‘(i) more than $10,000,000,000 in total consoli-dated assets; and ‘‘(ii) total trading assets and trading liabil-ities, as reported on the most recent applicable regulatory filing filed by the institution, that are more than 5 percent of total consolidated as-sets.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:03 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00162 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.039 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6427 July 17, 2018 
Subtitle XI—Financial Institution Living Will Improvement Act 
LIVING WILL REFORMS  S
EC. 929. (a) I NGENERAL .—Section 165(d) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Con-sumer Protection Act (12 U.S.C. 5365(d)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘periodi-cally’’ and inserting ‘‘every 2 years’’; and (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘The Board’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Board’’; (B) by striking ‘‘shall review’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘shall— ‘‘(i) review’’; (C) by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) not later than the end of the 6-month pe-riod beginning on the date the company submits the resolution plan, provide feedback to the company on such plan. ‘‘(B) D
ISCLOSURE OF ASSESSMENT FRAME -
WORK .—The Board of Governors and the Cor-poration shall publicly disclose the assessment framework that is used to review information under this paragraph.’’. (b) T
REATMENT OF OTHER RESOLUTION PLAN R
EQUIREMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to an appro-priate Federal banking agency that requires a banking organization to submit to the agency a resolution plan not described under section 165(d) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act— (A) the respective agency shall ensure that the review of such resolution plan is consistent with the requirements contained in the amendments made by this subtitle; (B) the agency may not require the submission of such a resolution plan more often than every 2 years; and (C) paragraphs (6) and (7) of such section 165(d) shall apply to such a resolution plan. (2) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-section: (A) A
PPROPRIATE FEDERAL BANKING AGENCY .— The term ‘‘appropriate Federal banking agen-cy’’— (i) has the meaning given such term under section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act; and (ii) means the National Credit Union Adminis-tration, in the case of an insured credit union. (B) B
ANKING ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘‘banking organization’’ means— (i) an insured depository institution; (ii) an insured credit union; (iii) a depository institution holding company; (iv) a company that is treated as a bank hold-ing company for purposes of section 8 of the International Banking Act; and (v) a U.S. intermediate holding company es-tablished by a foreign banking organization pursuant to section 252.153 of title 12, Code of Federal Regulations. (C) I
NSURED CREDIT UNION .—The term ‘‘in-sured credit union’’ has the meaning given that term under section 101 of the Federal Credit Union Act. (D) O
THER BANKING TERMS .—The terms ‘‘de-pository institution holding company’’ and ‘‘in-sured depository institution’’ have the meaning given those terms, respectively, under section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. (c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subtitle, or any amendment made by this sub-title, shall be construed as limiting the authority of an appropriate Federal banking agency (as defined under subsection (b)(2)) to obtain infor-mation from an institution in connection with such agency’s authority to examine or require reports from the institution. Subtitle XII—Financial Institutions Examination Fairness and Reform Act AMENDMENT TO DEFINITION OF FINANCIAL  
INSTITUTION  S
EC. 930. Section 1003(3) of the Federal Finan-cial Institutions Examination Council Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3302(3)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(3) the term ‘financial institution’— ‘‘(A) means a commercial bank, a savings bank, a trust company, a savings association, a building and loan association, a homestead as-sociation, a cooperative bank, or a credit union; and ‘‘(B) for purposes of sections 1012, 1013, and 1014, includes a nondepository covered person subject to supervision by the Bureau of Con-sumer Financial Protection under section 1024 of the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5514).’’. 
TIMELINESS OF EXAMINATION REPORTS  S
EC. 931. The Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3301 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 1012. TIMELINESS OF EXAMINATION RE-PORTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .— ‘‘(1) F
INAL EXAMINATION REPORT .—A Federal financial institutions regulatory agency shall provide a final examination report to a financial institution not later than 60 days after the later of— ‘‘(A) the exit interview for an examination of the institution; or ‘‘(B) the provision of additional information by the institution relating to the examination. ‘‘(2) E
XIT INTERVIEW .—If a financial institu-tion is not subject to a resident examiner pro-gram, the exit interview shall occur not later than the end of the 9-month period beginning on the commencement of the examination, ex-cept that such period may be extended by the Federal financial institutions regulatory agency by providing written notice to the institution and the Independent Examination Review Di-rector describing with particularity the reasons that a longer period is needed to complete the examination. ‘‘(b) E
XAMINATION MATERIALS .—Upon the re-quest of a financial institution, the Federal fi-nancial institutions regulatory agency shall in-clude with the final report an appendix listing all examination or other factual information re-lied upon by the agency in support of a material supervisory determination.’’. 
INDEPENDENT EXAMINATION REVIEW DIRECTOR  S
EC. 932. The Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3301 et seq.), as amended by section 931, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1013. OFFICE OF INDEPENDENT EXAMINA-TION REVIEW. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Council an Office of Independent Examina-tion Review (the ‘Office’). ‘‘(b) H
EAD OF OFFICE .—There is established the position of the Independent Examination Review Director (the ‘Director’), as the head of the Office. The Director shall be appointed by the Council and shall be independent from any member agency of the Council. ‘‘(c) T
ERM.—The Director shall serve for a term of 5 years, and may be appointed to serve a subsequent 5-year term. ‘‘(d) S
TAFFING .—The Director is authorized to hire staff to support the activities of the Office. ‘‘(e) D
UTIES .—The Director shall— ‘‘(1) receive and, at the Director’s discretion, investigate complaints from financial institu-tions, their representatives, or another entity acting on behalf of such institutions, concerning examinations, examination practices, or exam-ination reports; ‘‘(2) hold meetings, at least once every three months and in locations designed to encourage participation from all sections of the United States, with financial institutions, their rep-resentatives, or another entity acting on behalf of such institutions, to discuss examination pro-cedures, examination practices, or examination policies; ‘‘(3) in accordance with subsection (f), review examination procedures of the Federal financial institutions regulatory agencies to ensure that the written examination policies of those agen-cies are being followed in practice and adhere to the standards for consistency established by the Council; ‘‘(4) conduct a continuing and regular review of examination quality assurance for all exam-ination types conducted by the Federal finan-cial institutions regulatory agencies; ‘‘(5) adjudicate any supervisory appeal initi-ated under section 1014; and ‘‘(6) report annually to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services of the House of Representa-tives, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate, and the Council, on the reviews carried out pursuant to para-graphs (3) and (4), including compliance with the requirements set forth in section 1012 regard-ing timeliness of examination reports, and the Council’s recommendations for improvements in examination procedures, practices, and policies. ‘‘(f) STANDARD FOR REVIEWING EXAMINATION  P
ROCEDURES .—In conducting reviews pursuant to subsection (e)(4), the Director shall prioritize factors relating to the safety and soundness of the financial system of the United States. ‘‘(g) R
EMOVAL .—If the Director is removed from office, the Council shall communicate in writing the reasons for any such removal to the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate not later than 30 days before the removal. ‘‘(h) C
ONFIDENTIALITY .—The Director shall keep confidential all meetings with, discussions with, and information provided by financial in-stitutions.’’. 
RIGHT TO INDEPENDENT REVIEW OF MATERIAL  
SUPERVISORY DETERMINATIONS  S
EC. 933. The Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3301 et seq.), as amended by section 932, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1014. RIGHT TO INDEPENDENT REVIEW OF MATERIAL SUPERVISORY DETER-MINATIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—A financial institution shall have the right to obtain an independent review of a material supervisory determination contained in a final report of examination. ‘‘(b) N
OTICE .— ‘‘(1) T
IMING .—A financial institution seeking review of a material supervisory determination under this section shall file a written notice with the Independent Examination Review Di-rector (the ‘Director’) within 60 days after re-ceiving the final report of examination that is the subject of such review. ‘‘(2) I
DENTIFICATION OF DETERMINATION .—The written notice shall identify the material super-visory determination that is the subject of the independent examination review, and a state-ment of the reasons why the institution believes that the determination is incorrect or should otherwise be modified. ‘‘(3) I
NFORMATION TO BE PROVIDED TO INSTI -
TUTION .—Any information relied upon by the agency in the final report that is not in the pos-session of the financial institution may 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:03 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00163 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.039 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6428 July 17, 2018 
be requested by the financial institution and shall be delivered promptly by the agency to the financial institution. ‘‘(c) R
IGHT TO HEARING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director shall deter-mine the merits of the appeal on the record or, at the financial institution’s election, shall refer the appeal to an Administrative Law Judge to conduct a confidential hearing pursuant to the procedures set forth under sections 556 and 557 of title 5, United States Code, which hearing shall take place not later than 60 days after the petition for review was received by the Director, and to issue a proposed decision to the Director based upon the record established at such hear-ing. ‘‘(2) S
TANDARD OF REVIEW .—In rendering a determination or recommendation under this subsection, neither the Administrative Law Judge nor the Director shall defer to the opin-ions of the examiner or agency, but shall con-duct a de novo review to independently deter-mine the appropriateness of the agency’s deci-sion based upon the relevant statutes, regula-tions, and other appropriate guidance, as well as evidence adduced at any hearing. ‘‘(d) F
INAL DECISION .—A decision by the Di-rector on an independent review under this sec-tion shall— ‘‘(1) be made not later than 60 days after the record has been closed; and ‘‘(2) subject to subsection (e), be deemed a final agency action and shall bind the agency whose supervisory determination was the sub-ject of the review and the financial institution requesting the review. ‘‘(e) L
IMITED REVIEW BY FFIEC.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If the agency whose super-visory determination was the subject of the re-view believes that the Director’s decision under subsection (d) would pose an imminent threat to the safety and soundness of the financial insti-tution, such agency may file a written notice seeking review of the Director’s decision with the Council within 10 days of receiving the Di-rector’s decision. ‘‘(2) S
TANDARD OF REVIEW .—In making a de-termination under this subsection, the Council shall conduct a review to determine whether there is substantial evidence that the Director’s decision would pose an imminent threat to the safety and soundness of the financial institu-tion. ‘‘(3) F
INAL DETERMINATION .—A determination by the Council shall— ‘‘(A) be made not later than 30 days after the filing of the notice pursuant to paragraph (1); and ‘‘(B) be deemed a final agency action and shall bind the agency whose supervisory deter-mination was the subject of the review and the financial institution requesting the review. ‘‘(f) R
IGHT TO JUDICIAL REVIEW .—A financial institution shall have the right to petition for review of final agency action under this section by filing a Petition for Review within 60 days of the Director’s decision or the Council’s decision in the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit or the Circuit in which the financial institution is located. ‘‘(g) R
EPORT .—The Director shall report an-nually to the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate on actions taken under this sec-tion, including the types of issues that the Di-rector has reviewed and the results of those re-views. In no case shall such a report contain in-formation about individual financial institu-tions or any confidential or privileged informa-tion shared by financial institutions. ‘‘(h) R
ETALIATION PROHIBITED .—A Federal fi-nancial institutions regulatory agency may not— ‘‘(1) retaliate against a financial institution, including service providers, or any institution- affiliated party (as defined under section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act), for exer-cising appellate rights under this section; or ‘‘(2) delay or deny any agency action that would benefit a financial institution or any in-stitution-affiliated party on the basis that an appeal under this section is pending under this section. ‘‘(i) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed— ‘‘(1) to affect the right of a Federal financial institutions regulatory agency to take enforce-ment or other supervisory actions related to a material supervisory determination under review under this section; or ‘‘(2) to prohibit the review under this section of a material supervisory determination with re-spect to which there is an ongoing enforcement or other supervisory action.’’. 
ADDITIONAL AMENDMENTS  S
EC. 934. (a) R IEGLE COMMUNITY DEVELOP -
MENT AND REGULATORY IMPROVEMENT ACT OF  1994.—Section 309 of the Riegle Community De-velopment and Regulatory Improvement Act of 1994 (12 U.S.C. 4806) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by inserting after ‘‘ap-propriate Federal banking agency’’ the fol-lowing: ‘‘, the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection,’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘the appel-lant from retaliation by agency examiners’’ and inserting ‘‘the insured depository institution or insured credit union from retaliation by the agencies referred to in subsection (a)’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following flush- left text: ‘‘For purposes of this subsection and subsection (e), retaliation includes delaying consideration of, or withholding approval of, any request, no-tice, or application that otherwise would have been approved, but for the exercise of the insti-tution’s or credit union’s rights under this sec-tion.’’; (3) in subsection (e)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-riod and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) ensure that appropriate safeguards exist for protecting the insured depository institution or insured credit union from retaliation by any agency referred to in subsection (a) for exer-cising its rights under this subsection.’’; and (4) in subsection (f)(1)(A)— (A) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) any issue specifically listed in an exam report as a matter requiring attention by the in-stitution’s management or board of directors; and ‘‘(v) any suspension or removal of an institu-tion’s status as eligible for expedited processing of applications, requests, notices, or filings on the grounds of a supervisory or compliance con-cern, regardless of whether that concern has been cited as a basis for another material super-visory determination or matter requiring atten-tion in an examination report, provided that the conduct at issue did not involve violation of any criminal law; and’’. (b) F
EDERAL CREDIT UNION ACT.—Section 205(j) of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1785(j)) is amended by inserting ‘‘the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection,’’ before ‘‘the Administration’’ each place such term appears. (c) FEDERAL FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS EXAM-
INATION COUNCIL ACT OF 1978.—The Federal Fi-nancial Institutions Examination Council Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3301 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 1003, by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) the term ‘Federal financial institutions regulatory agencies’— ‘‘(A) means the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Federal Deposit In-surance Corporation, and the National Credit Union Administration; and ‘‘(B) for purposes of sections 1012, 1013, and 1014, includes the Bureau of Consumer Finan-cial Protection;’’; and (2) in section 1005, by striking ‘‘One-fifth’’ and inserting ‘‘One-fourth’’. Subtitle XIII—TRID Improvement Act 
AMENDMENTS TO MORTGAGE DISCLOSURE  
REQUIREMENTS  S
EC. 936. Section 4(a) of the Real Estate Set-tlement Procedures Act of 1974 (12 U.S.C. 2603(a)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘itemize all charges’’ and in-serting ‘‘itemize all actual charges’’; (2) by striking ‘‘and all charges imposed upon the seller in connection with the settlement and’’ and inserting ‘‘and the seller in connec-tion with the settlement. Such forms’’; and (3) by inserting after ‘‘or both.’’ the following new sentence: ‘‘Charges for any title insurance premium disclosed on such forms shall be equal to the amount charged for each individual title insurance policy, subject to any discounts as re-quired by State regulation or the title company rate filings.’’. Subtitle XIV—Common Sense Credit Union Capital Relief Act 
DELAY IN EFFECTIVE DATE  S
EC. 938. Notwithstanding any effective date set forth in the rule issued by the National Credit Union Administration titled ‘‘Risk-Based Capital’’ (published at 80 Fed. Reg. 66626 (Octo-ber 29, 2015)), such final rule shall take effect on January 1, 2021. Subtitle XV—Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection–Inspector General Reform Act 
APPOINTMENT OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  S
EC. 939. The Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) is amended— (1) in section 8G— (A) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ‘‘and the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection’’; (B) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘For pur-poses of implementing this section’’ and all that follows through the end of the subsection; and (C) in subsection (g)(3), by striking ‘‘and the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection’’; and (2) in section 12— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘the Direc-tor of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Pro-tection;’’ after ‘‘the President of the Export-Im-port Bank;’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘the Bu-reau of Consumer Financial Protection,’’ after ‘‘the Export-Import Bank,’’. 
REQUIREMENTS FOR THE INSPECTOR GENERAL FOR  
THE BUREAU OF CONSUMER FINANCIAL PROTEC -
TION S
EC. 940. (a) E STABLISHMENT .—Section 1011 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Con-sumer Protection Act (12 U.S.C. 5491) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘
ANDDEPUTY DIRECTOR ’’ and inserting ‘‘, D EP-
UTYDIRECTOR , ANDINSPECTOR GENERAL ’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:03 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00164 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.039 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6429 July 17, 2018 
(B) by inserting after paragraph (5) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(6) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL .—There is estab-lished the position of the Inspector General.’’; and (2) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘or Deputy Director’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘, Deputy Director, or Inspector General’’. (b) H
EARINGS .—Section 1016 of such Act is amended by inserting after subsection (c) the following: ‘‘(d) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENT FOR INSPEC -
TOR GENERAL .—On a separate occasion from that described in subsection (a), the Inspector General of the Bureau shall appear, upon invi-tation, before the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives at hearings no less frequently than twice annually, at a date determined by the chairman of the respective committee, re-garding the reports required under subsection (b) and the reports required under section 5 of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.).’’. (c) F
UNDING FOR OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GEN-
ERAL.—Section 1017(a)(2) of such Act is amend-ed— (1) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as sub-paragraph (D); and (2) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following: ‘‘(C) F
UNDING FOR OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GEN -
ERAL.—Each fiscal year, the Bureau shall dedi-cate 2 percent of the funds transferred pursuant to paragraph (1) to the Office of the Inspector General.’’. (d) P
ARTICIPATION IN THE COUNCIL OF INSPEC -
TORS GENERAL ON FINANCIAL OVERSIGHT .—Sec- tion 989E(a)(1) of such Act is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(J) The Bureau of Consumer Financial Pro-tection.’’. 
EFFECTIVE DATE  S
EC. 941. The amendments made by this sub-title shall take effect 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
TRANSITION PERIOD  S
EC. 942. The Inspector General of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection shall serve in that position until the confirma-tion of an Inspector General for the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection. At that time, the Inspector General of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection shall become the Inspector General of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. Subtitle XVI—BCFP on Appropriations 
BUREAU APPROPRIATIONS  S
EC. 943. (a) F
ISCAL YEAR2019.—The Director of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection may not request, under section 1017 of the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010, during fiscal year 2019 an amount that would result in the total amount requested by the Director during that fiscal year to exceed $485,000,000. (b) F
ISCAL YEAR2020 ANDTHEREAFTER .—Ef- fective as of the first day of fiscal year 2020, sec-tion 1017 of the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5497) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by amending the heading of such sub-section to read as follows: ‘‘B
UDGET , FINANCIAL  M
ANAGEMENT , ANDAUDIT.—’’; (B) by striking paragraphs (1), (2), and (3); (C) by redesignating paragraphs (4) and (5) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively; and (D) by striking subparagraphs (E) and (F) of paragraph (1), as so redesignated; (2) by striking subsections (b) and (c); (3) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) as subsections (b) and (c), respectively; and (4) in subsection (c), as so redesignated— (A) by striking paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATION .— There authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2020 to the Bureau from the combined earnings of the Federal Reserve System $485,000,000.’’; and (B) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (2). Subtitle XVII—Stress Test Relief for Nonbanks 
STRESS TEST RELIEF FOR NONBANKS  S
EC. 944. Section 165(i)(2) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (12 U.S.C. 5365(i)(2)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘are reg-ulated by a primary Federal financial regu-latory agency’’ and inserting: ‘‘whose primary financial regulatory agency is a Federal bank-ing agency or the Federal Housing Finance Agency’’; (2) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘Each Federal primary financial regulatory agency’’ and inserting ‘‘Each Federal banking agency and the Federal housing finance agency’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) SEC 
AND CFTC .—The Securities and Ex-change Commission and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission may each issue regulations requiring financial companies with respect to which they are the primary financial regulatory agency to conduct periodic analyses of the fi-nancial condition, including available liquidity, of such companies under adverse economic con-ditions.’’. Subtitle XVIII—Interaffiliate Language 
INTERAFFILIATE TREATMENT WITH RESPECT TO  
INITIAL MARGIN REQUIREMENTS  S
EC. 945. Section 15F(e)(4) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78o–10(e)(4)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The requirements’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The requirements’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) I
NITIAL MARGIN REQUIREMENT .—The ini- tial margin requirements imposed by rules adopted pursuant to paragraphs (2)(A)(ii) and (2)(B)(ii) shall not apply to any security-based swap in which— ‘‘(i) one counterparty is a person in which the other counterparty, directly or indirectly, holds a majority ownership interest; or ‘‘(ii) a third party, directly or indirectly, holds a majority ownership interest in both counter-parties.’’. Subtitle XIX—Tailored Application of Prudential Standards 
TAILORED APPLICATION OF PRUDENTIAL  
STANDARDS  S
EC. 946. Section 165(a)(2)(A) of the Financial Stability Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5365(a)(2)(A)) is amended by inserting before the period the following: ‘‘to ensure that companies with comparable risk profiles and business models are operating under a similar set of requirements’’. Subtitle XX—Authority to Remove Bureau Director 
AUTHORITY TO REMOVE BUREAU DIRECTOR  S
EC. 947. Section 1011(c) of the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5491(c)) is amended by striking paragraph (3). Subtitle XXI—Congressional Review of Bureau Rulemaking 
CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW OF BUREAU RULEMAKING  S
EC. 948. Chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘CHAPTER 8—CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW OF BUREAU RULEMAKING3 ‘‘Sec. ‘‘801. Congressional review. ‘‘802. Congressional approval procedure for major rules. ‘‘803. Congressional disapproval procedure for nonmajor rules. ‘‘804. Definitions. ‘‘805. Judicial review. ‘‘806. Exemption for monetary policy. ‘‘807. Effective date of certain rules. ‘‘808. Regulatory cut-go requirement. ‘‘809. Review of rules currently in effect. ‘‘§ 801. Congressional review ‘‘(a)(1)(A) Before a rule may take effect, the Bureau shall satisfy the requirements of section 808 and shall publish in the Federal Register a list of information on which the rule is based, including data, scientific and economic studies, and cost-benefit analyses, and identify how the public can access such information online, and shall submit to each House of the Congress and to the Comptroller General a report containing— ‘‘(i) a copy of the rule; ‘‘(ii) a concise general statement relating to the rule; ‘‘(iii) a classification of the rule as a major or nonmajor rule, including an explanation of the classification specifically addressing each cri-teria for a major rule contained within sections 804(2)(A), 804(2)(B), and 804(2)(C); ‘‘(iv) a list of any other related regulatory ac-tions intended to implement the same statutory provision or regulatory objective as well as the individual and aggregate economic effects of those actions; and ‘‘(v) the proposed effective date of the rule. ‘‘(B) On the date of the submission of the re-port under subparagraph (A), the Bureau shall submit to the Comptroller General and make available to each House of Congress— ‘‘(i) a complete copy of the cost-benefit anal-ysis of the rule, if any, including an analysis of any jobs added or lost, differentiating between public and private sector jobs; ‘‘(ii) the Bureau’s actions pursuant to sections 603, 604, 605, 607, and 609 of this title; ‘‘(iii) the Bureau’s actions pursuant to sec-tions 202, 203, 204, and 205 of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995; and ‘‘(iv) any other relevant information or re-quirements under any other Act and any rel-evant Executive orders. ‘‘(C) Upon receipt of a report submitted under subparagraph (A), each House shall provide copies of the report to the chairman and rank-ing member of each standing committee with ju-risdiction under the rules of the House of Rep-resentatives or the Senate to report a bill to amend the provision of law under which the rule is issued. ‘‘(2)(A) The Comptroller General shall provide a report on each major rule to the committees of jurisdiction by the end of 15 calendar days after the submission or publication date. The report of the Comptroller General shall include an as-sessment of the Bureau’s compliance with proce-dural steps required by paragraph (1)(B) and an assessment of whether the major rule imposes any new limits or mandates on private-sector activity. ‘‘(B) Federal agencies shall cooperate with the Comptroller General by providing information relevant to the Comptroller General’s report under subparagraph (A). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:03 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00165 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.039 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6430 July 17, 2018 
‘‘(3) A major rule relating to a report sub-mitted under paragraph (1) shall take effect upon enactment of a joint resolution of approval described in section 802 or as provided for in the rule following enactment of a joint resolution of approval described in section 802, whichever is later. ‘‘(4) A nonmajor rule shall take effect as pro-vided by section 803 after submission to Congress under paragraph (1). ‘‘(5) If a joint resolution of approval relating to a major rule is not enacted within the period provided in subsection (b)(2), then a joint reso-lution of approval relating to the same rule may not be considered under this chapter in the same Congress by either the House of Representatives or the Senate. ‘‘(b)(1) A major rule shall not take effect un-less the Congress enacts a joint resolution of ap-proval described under section 802. ‘‘(2) If a joint resolution described in sub-section (a) is not enacted into law by the end of 70 session days or legislative days, as applicable, beginning on the date on which the report re-ferred to in section 801(a)(1)(A) is received by Congress (excluding days either House of Con-gress is adjourned for more than 3 days during a session of Congress), then the rule described in that resolution shall be deemed not to be ap-proved and such rule shall not take effect. ‘‘(c)(1) Notwithstanding any other provision of this section (except subject to paragraph (3)), a major rule may take effect for one 90-cal-endar-day period if the President makes a deter-mination under paragraph (2) and submits writ-ten notice of such determination to the Con-gress. ‘‘(2) Paragraph (1) applies to a determination made by the President by Executive order that the major rule should take effect because such rule is— ‘‘(A) necessary because of an imminent threat to health or safety or other emergency; ‘‘(B) necessary for the enforcement of criminal laws; ‘‘(C) necessary for national security; or ‘‘(D) issued pursuant to any statute imple-menting an international trade agreement. ‘‘(3) An exercise by the President of the au-thority under this subsection shall have no ef-fect on the procedures under section 802. ‘‘(d)(1) In addition to the opportunity for re-view otherwise provided under this chapter, in the case of any rule for which a report was sub-mitted in accordance with subsection (a)(1)(A) during the period beginning on the date occur-ring— ‘‘(A) in the case of the Senate, 60 session days; or ‘‘(B) in the case of the House of Representa-tives, 60 legislative days, before the date the Congress is scheduled to ad-journ a session of Congress through the date on which the same or succeeding Congress first convenes its next session, sections 802 and 803 shall apply to such rule in the succeeding ses-sion of Congress. ‘‘(2)(A) In applying sections 802 and 803 for purposes of such additional review, a rule de-scribed under paragraph (1) shall be treated as though— ‘‘(i) such rule were published in the Federal Register on— ‘‘(I) in the case of the Senate, the 15th session day; or ‘‘(II) in the case of the House of Representa-tives, the 15th legislative day, after the succeeding session of Congress first convenes; and ‘‘(ii) a report on such rule were submitted to Congress under subsection (a)(1) on such date. ‘‘(B) Nothing in this paragraph shall be con-strued to affect the requirement under sub-section (a)(1) that a report shall be submitted to Congress before a rule can take effect. ‘‘(3) A rule described under paragraph (1) shall take effect as otherwise provided by law (including other subsections of this section). ‘‘§ 802. Congressional approval procedure for major rules ‘‘(a)(1) For purposes of this section, the term ‘joint resolution’ means only a joint resolution addressing a report classifying a rule as major pursuant to section 801(a)(1)(A)(iii) that— ‘‘(A) bears no preamble; ‘‘(B) bears the following title (with blanks filled as appropriate): ‘Approving the rule sub-mitted by lll relating to lll.’; ‘‘(C) includes after its resolving clause only the following (with blanks filled as appro-priate): ‘That Congress approves the rule sub-mitted by lll relating to lll.’; and ‘‘(D) is introduced pursuant to paragraph (2). ‘‘(2) After a House of Congress receives a re-port classifying a rule as major pursuant to sec-tion 801(a)(1)(A)(iii), the majority leader of that House (or his or her respective designee) shall introduce (by request, if appropriate) a joint res-olution described in paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) in the case of the House of Representa-tives, within 3 legislative days; and ‘‘(B) in the case of the Senate, within 3 ses-sion days. ‘‘(3) A joint resolution described in paragraph (1) shall not be subject to amendment at any stage of proceeding. ‘‘(b) A joint resolution described in subsection (a) shall be referred in each House of Congress to the committees having jurisdiction over the provision of law under which the rule is issued. ‘‘(c) In the Senate, if the committee or commit-tees to which a joint resolution described in sub-section (a) has been referred have not reported it at the end of 15 session days after its intro-duction, such committee or committees shall be automatically discharged from further consider-ation of the resolution and it shall be placed on the calendar. A vote on final passage of the res-olution shall be taken on or before the close of the 15th session day after the resolution is re-ported by the committee or committees to which it was referred, or after such committee or com-mittees have been discharged from further con-sideration of the resolution. ‘‘(d)(1) In the Senate, when the committee or committees to which a joint resolution is re-ferred have reported, or when a committee or committees are discharged (under subsection (c)) from further consideration of a joint resolution described in subsection (a), it is at any time thereafter in order (even though a previous mo-tion to the same effect has been disagreed to) for a motion to proceed to the consideration of the joint resolution, and all points of order against the joint resolution (and against consideration of the joint resolution) are waived. The motion is not subject to amendment, or to a motion to postpone, or to a motion to proceed to the con-sideration of other business. A motion to recon-sider the vote by which the motion is agreed to or disagreed to shall not be in order. If a motion to proceed to the consideration of the joint reso-lution is agreed to, the joint resolution shall re-main the unfinished business of the Senate until disposed of. ‘‘(2) In the Senate, debate on the joint resolu-tion, and on all debatable motions and appeals in connection therewith, shall be limited to not more than 2 hours, which shall be divided equally between those favoring and those oppos-ing the joint resolution. A motion to further limit debate is in order and not debatable. An amendment to, or a motion to postpone, or a mo-tion to proceed to the consideration of other business, or a motion to recommit the joint reso-lution is not in order. ‘‘(3) In the Senate, immediately following the conclusion of the debate on a joint resolution described in subsection (a), and a single quorum call at the conclusion of the debate if requested in accordance with the rules of the Senate, the vote on final passage of the joint resolution shall occur. ‘‘(4) Appeals from the decisions of the Chair relating to the application of the rules of the Senate to the procedure relating to a joint reso-lution described in subsection (a) shall be de-cided without debate. ‘‘(e) In the House of Representatives, if any committee to which a joint resolution described in subsection (a) has been referred has not re-ported it to the House at the end of 15 legislative days after its introduction, such committee shall be discharged from further consideration of the joint resolution, and it shall be placed on the appropriate calendar. On the second and fourth Thursdays of each month it shall be in order at any time for the Speaker to recognize a Member who favors passage of a joint resolution that has appeared on the calendar for at least 5 leg-islative days to call up that joint resolution for immediate consideration in the House without intervention of any point of order. When so called up a joint resolution shall be considered as read and shall be debatable for 1 hour equal-ly divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, and the previous question shall be considered as ordered to its passage without in-tervening motion. It shall not be in order to re-consider the vote on passage. If a vote on final passage of the joint resolution has not been taken by the third Thursday on which the Speaker may recognize a Member under this subsection, such vote shall be taken on that day. ‘‘(f)(1) If, before passing a joint resolution de-scribed in subsection (a), one House receives from the other a joint resolution having the same text, then— ‘‘(A) the joint resolution of the other House shall not be referred to a committee; and ‘‘(B) the procedure in the receiving House shall be the same as if no joint resolution had been received from the other House until the vote on passage, when the joint resolution re-ceived from the other House shall supplant the joint resolution of the receiving House. ‘‘(2) This subsection shall not apply to the House of Representatives if the joint resolution received from the Senate is a revenue measure. ‘‘(g) If either House has not taken a vote on final passage of the joint resolution by the last day of the period described in section 801(b)(2), then such vote shall be taken on that day. ‘‘(h) This section and section 803 are enacted by Congress— ‘‘(1) as an exercise of the rulemaking power of the Senate and House of Representatives, re-spectively, and as such is deemed to be part of the rules of each House, respectively, but appli-cable only with respect to the procedure to be followed in that House in the case of a joint res-olution described in subsection (a) and super-seding other rules only where explicitly so; and ‘‘(2) with full recognition of the Constitu-
tional right of either House to change the rules (so far as they relate to the procedure of that House) at any time, in the same manner and to the same extent as in the case of any other rule of that House. ‘‘§ 803. Congressional disapproval procedure for nonmajor rules ‘‘(a) For purposes of this section, the term ‘joint resolution’ means only a joint resolution introduced in the period beginning on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:03 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00166 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.039 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6431 July 17, 2018 
the date on which the report referred to in sec-tion 801(a)(1)(A) is received by Congress and ending 60 days thereafter (excluding days either House of Congress is adjourned for more than 3 days during a session of Congress), the matter after the resolving clause of which is as follows: ‘That Congress disapproves the nonmajor rule submitted by the lll relating to lll, and such rule shall have no force or effect.’ (The blank spaces being appropriately filled in). ‘‘(b) A joint resolution described in subsection (a) shall be referred to the committees in each House of Congress with jurisdiction. ‘‘(c) In the Senate, if the committee to which is referred a joint resolution described in sub-section (a) has not reported such joint resolu-tion (or an identical joint resolution) at the end of 15 session days after the date of introduction of the joint resolution, such committee may be discharged from further consideration of such joint resolution upon a petition supported in writing by 30 Members of the Senate, and such joint resolution shall be placed on the calendar. ‘‘(d)(1) In the Senate, when the committee to which a joint resolution is referred has reported, or when a committee is discharged (under sub-section (c)) from further consideration of a joint resolution described in subsection (a), it is at any time thereafter in order (even though a pre-vious motion to the same effect has been dis-agreed to) for a motion to proceed to the consid-eration of the joint resolution, and all points of order against the joint resolution (and against consideration of the joint resolution) are waived. The motion is not subject to amend-ment, or to a motion to postpone, or to a motion to proceed to the consideration of other busi-ness. A motion to reconsider the vote by which the motion is agreed to or disagreed to shall not be in order. If a motion to proceed to the consid-eration of the joint resolution is agreed to, the joint resolution shall remain the unfinished business of the Senate until disposed of. ‘‘(2) In the Senate, debate on the joint resolu-tion, and on all debatable motions and appeals in connection therewith, shall be limited to not more than 10 hours, which shall be divided equally between those favoring and those oppos-ing the joint resolution. A motion to further limit debate is in order and not debatable. An amendment to, or a motion to postpone, or a mo-tion to proceed to the consideration of other business, or a motion to recommit the joint reso-lution is not in order. ‘‘(3) In the Senate, immediately following the conclusion of the debate on a joint resolution described in subsection (a), and a single quorum call at the conclusion of the debate if requested in accordance with the rules of the Senate, the vote on final passage of the joint resolution shall occur. ‘‘(4) Appeals from the decisions of the Chair relating to the application of the rules of the Senate to the procedure relating to a joint reso-lution described in subsection (a) shall be de-cided without debate. ‘‘(e) In the Senate, the procedure specified in subsection (c) or (d) shall not apply to the con-sideration of a joint resolution respecting a nonmajor rule— ‘‘(1) after the expiration of the 60 session days beginning with the applicable submission or publication date; or ‘‘(2) if the report under section 801(a)(1)(A) was submitted during the period referred to in section 801(d)(1), after the expiration of the 60 session days beginning on the 15th session day after the succeeding session of Congress first convenes. ‘‘(f) If, before the passage by one House of a joint resolution of that House described in sub-section (a), that House receives from the other House a joint resolution described in subsection (a), then the following procedures shall apply: ‘‘(1) The joint resolution of the other House shall not be referred to a committee. ‘‘(2) With respect to a joint resolution de-scribed in subsection (a) of the House receiving the joint resolution— ‘‘(A) the procedure in that House shall be the same as if no joint resolution had been received from the other House; but ‘‘(B) the vote on final passage shall be on the joint resolution of the other House. ‘‘§ 804. Definitions ‘‘For purposes of this chapter: ‘‘(1) The term ‘Bureau’ means the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection. ‘‘(2) The term ‘major rule’ means any rule, in-cluding an interim final rule, that the Adminis-trator of the Office of Information and Regu-latory Affairs of the Office of Management and Budget finds has resulted in or is likely to result in— ‘‘(A) an annual cost on the economy of $100,000,000 or more, adjusted annually for in-flation; ‘‘(B) a major increase in costs or prices for consumers, individual industries, Federal, State, or local government agencies, or geographic re-gions; or ‘‘(C) significant adverse effects on competi-tion, employment, investment, productivity, in-novation, or on the ability of United States- based enterprises to compete with foreign-based enterprises in domestic and export markets. ‘‘(3) The term ‘nonmajor rule’ means any rule that is not a major rule. ‘‘(4) The term ‘rule’ has the meaning given such term in section 551, except that such term does not include— ‘‘(A) any rule of particular applicability, in-cluding a rule that approves or prescribes for the future rates, wages, prices, services, or al-lowances therefore, corporate or financial struc-tures, reorganizations, mergers, or acquisitions thereof, or accounting practices or disclosures bearing on any of the foregoing; ‘‘(B) any rule relating to Bureau management or personnel; or ‘‘(C) any rule of Bureau organization, proce-dure, or practice that does not substantially af-fect the rights or obligations of non-Bureau par-ties. ‘‘(5) The term ‘submission date or publication date’, except as otherwise provided in this chap-ter, means— ‘‘(A) in the case of a major rule, the date on which the Congress receives the report submitted under section 801(a)(1); and ‘‘(B) in the case of a nonmajor rule, the later of— ‘‘(i) the date on which the Congress receives the report submitted under section 801(a)(1); and ‘‘(ii) the date on which the nonmajor rule is published in the Federal Register, if so pub-lished. ‘‘§ 805. Judicial review ‘‘(a) No determination, finding, action, or omission under this chapter shall be subject to judicial review. ‘‘(b) Notwithstanding subsection (a), a court may determine whether the Bureau has com-pleted the necessary requirements under this chapter for a rule to take effect. ‘‘(c) The enactment of a joint resolution of ap-proval under section 802 shall not be interpreted to serve as a grant or modification of statutory authority by Congress for the promulgation of a rule, shall not extinguish or affect any claim, whether substantive or procedural, against any alleged defect in a rule, and shall not form part of the record before the court in any judicial proceeding concerning a rule except for pur-poses of determining whether or not the rule is in effect. ‘‘§ 806. Exemption for monetary policy ‘‘Nothing in this chapter shall apply to rules that concern monetary policy proposed or imple-mented by the Board of Governors of the Fed-eral Reserve System or the Federal Open Market Committee. ‘‘§ 807. Effective date of certain rules ‘‘Notwithstanding section 801— ‘‘(1) any rule that establishes, modifies, opens, closes, or conducts a regulatory program for a commercial, recreational, or subsistence activity related to hunting, fishing, or camping; or ‘‘(2) any rule other than a major rule which the Bureau for good cause finds (and incor-porates the finding and a brief statement of rea-sons therefore in the rule issued) that notice and public procedure thereon are impracticable, unnecessary, or contrary to the public interest, shall take effect at such time as the Bureau de-termines. ‘‘§ 808. Regulatory cut-go requirement ‘‘In making any new rule, the Bureau shall identify a rule or rules that may be amended or repealed to completely offset any annual costs of the new rule to the United States economy. Before the new rule may take effect, the Bureau shall make each such repeal or amendment. In making such an amendment or repeal, the Bu-reau shall comply with the requirements of sub-chapter II of chapter 5, but the Bureau may consolidate proceedings under subchapter with proceedings on the new rule. ‘‘§ 809. Review of rules currently in effect ‘‘(a) A
NNUAL REVIEW .—Beginning on the date that is 6 months after the date of enactment of this section and annually thereafter for the 9 years following, the Bureau shall designate not less than 10 percent of eligible rules made by the Bureau for review, and shall submit a report in-cluding each such eligible rule in the same man-ner as a report under section 801(a)(1). Section 801, section 802, and section 803 shall apply to each such rule, subject to subsection (c) of this section. No eligible rule previously designated may be designated again. ‘‘(b) S
UNSET FOR ELIGIBLE RULES NOTEX-
TENDED .—Beginning after the date that is 10 years after the date of enactment of this section, if Congress has not enacted a joint resolution of approval for that eligible rule, that eligible rule shall not continue in effect. ‘‘(c) C
ONSOLIDATION ; SEVERABILITY .—In ap- plying sections 801, 802, and 803 to eligible rules under this section, the following shall apply: ‘‘(1) The words ‘take effect’ shall be read as ‘continue in effect’. ‘‘(2) Except as provided in paragraph (3), a single joint resolution of approval shall apply to all eligible rules in a report designated for a year, and the matter after the resolving clause of that joint resolution is as follows: ‘That Con-gress approves the rules submitted by the ll for the year ll.’ (The blank spaces being ap-propriately filled in). ‘‘(3) It shall be in order to consider any amendment that provides for specific conditions on which the approval of a particular eligible rule included in the joint resolution is contin-gent. ‘‘(4) A member of either House may move that a separate joint resolution be required for a specified rule. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘el-igible rule’ means a rule that is in effect as of the date of enactment of this section.’’. 
BUDGETARY EFFECTS OF RULES SUBJECT TO  
SECTION 802 OF TITLE 5 , UNITED STATES CODE  S
EC. 949. Section 257(b)(2) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:03 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00167 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.039 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6432 July 17, 2018 
amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(E) B
UDGETARY EFFECTS OF RULES SUBJECT  
TO SECTION 802 OF TITLE 5 , UNITED STATES  
CODE .—Any rules subject to the congressional approval procedure set forth in section 802 of chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, affect-ing budget authority, outlays, or receipts shall be assumed to be effective unless it is not ap-proved in accordance with such section.’’. 
GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE STUDY OF  
RULES  S
EC. 950. (a) I
NGENERAL .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study to deter-mine, as of the date of the enactment of this Act— (1) how many rules (as such term is defined in section 804 of title 5, United States Code) of the Bureau were in effect; (2) how many major rules (as such term is de-fined in section 804 of title 5, United States Code) of the Bureau were in effect; and (3) the total estimated economic cost imposed by all such rules. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit a report to Congress that contains the findings of the study conducted under subsection (a). 
EFFECTIVE DATE  S
EC. 951. Sections 948 and 949, and the amendments made by such sections, shall take effect begin-ning on the date that is 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act. TITLE X EMAIL PRIVACY ACT 
VOLUNTARY DISCLOSURE CORRECTIONS  S
EC. 1001. (a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2702 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘divulge’’ and inserting ‘‘dis-close’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘while in electronic storage by that service’’ and inserting ‘‘that is in electronic storage with or otherwise stored, held, or main-tained by that service’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘to the public’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘divulge’’ and inserting ‘‘dis-close’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘which is carried or main-tained on that service’’ and inserting ‘‘that is stored, held, or maintained by that service’’; and (C) in paragraph (3)— (i) by striking ‘‘divulge’’ and inserting ‘‘dis-close’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘a provider of’’ and inserting ‘‘a person or entity providing’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘wire or electronic’’ before ‘‘commu-nication’’; (B) by amending paragraph (1) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(1) to an originator, addressee, or intended recipient of such communication, to the sub-scriber or customer on whose behalf the provider stores, holds, or maintains such communication, or to an agent of such addressee, intended re-cipient, subscriber, or customer;’’; and (C) by amending paragraph (3) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(3) with the lawful consent of the originator, addressee, or intended recipient of such commu-nication, or of the subscriber or customer on whose behalf the provider stores, holds, or main-tains such communication;’’; (3) in subsection (c) by inserting ‘‘wire or elec-tronic’’ before ‘‘communications’’; (4) in each of subsections (b) and (c), by strik-ing ‘‘divulge’’ and inserting ‘‘disclose’’; and (5) in subsection (c), by amending paragraph (2) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) with the lawful consent of the subscriber or customer;’’. AMENDMENTS TO REQUIRED DISCLOSURE SECTION  S
EC. 1002. Section 2703 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking subsections (a) through (c) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) C
ONTENTS OF WIRE OR ELECTRONIC COM-
MUNICATIONS IN ELECTRONIC STORAGE .—Except as provided in subsections (i) and (j), a govern-mental entity may require the disclosure by a provider of electronic communication service of the contents of a wire or electronic communica-tion that is in electronic storage with or other-wise stored, held, or maintained by that service only if the governmental entity obtains a war-rant issued using the procedures described in the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure (or, in the case of a State court, issued using State warrant procedures) that— ‘‘(1) is issued by a court of competent jurisdic-tion; and ‘‘(2) may indicate the date by which the pro-vider must make the disclosure to the govern-mental entity. In the absence of a date on the warrant indi-cating the date by which the provider must make disclosure to the governmental entity, the provider shall promptly respond to the warrant. ‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS OF WIRE OR ELECTRONIC COM-
MUNICATIONS IN A REMOTE COMPUTING SERV-
ICE.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-sections (i) and (j), a governmental entity may require the disclosure by a provider of remote computing service of the contents of a wire or electronic communication that is stored, held, or maintained by that service only if the govern-mental entity obtains a warrant issued using the procedures described in the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure (or, in the case of a State court, issued using State warrant procedures) that— ‘‘(A) is issued by a court of competent juris-diction; and ‘‘(B) may indicate the date by which the pro-vider must make the disclosure to the govern-mental entity. In the absence of a date on the warrant indi-cating the date by which the provider must make disclosure to the governmental entity, the provider shall promptly respond to the warrant. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICABILITY .—Paragraph (1) is appli-cable with respect to any wire or electronic com-munication that is stored, held, or maintained by the provider— ‘‘(A) on behalf of, and received by means of electronic transmission from (or created by means of computer processing of communication received by means of electronic transmission from), a subscriber or customer of such remote computing service; and ‘‘(B) solely for the purpose of providing stor-age or computer processing services to such sub-scriber or customer, if the provider is not au-thorized to access the contents of any such com-munications for purposes of providing any serv-ices other than storage or computer processing. ‘‘(c) R
ECORDS CONCERNING ELECTRONIC COM-
MUNICATION SERVICE OR REMOTE COMPUTING  S
ERVICE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-sections (i) and (j), a governmental entity may require the disclosure by a provider of electronic communication service or remote computing service of a record or other information per-taining to a subscriber to or customer of such service (not including the contents of wire or electronic communications), only— ‘‘(A) if a governmental entity obtains a war-rant issued using the procedures described in the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure (or, in the case of a State court, issued using State warrant procedures) that— ‘‘(i) is issued by a court of competent jurisdic-tion directing the disclosure; and ‘‘(ii) may indicate the date by which the pro-vider must make the disclosure to the govern-mental entity; ‘‘(B) if a governmental entity obtains a court order directing the disclosure under subsection (d); ‘‘(C) with the lawful consent of the subscriber or customer; or ‘‘(D) as otherwise authorized in paragraph (2). ‘‘(2) SUBSCRIBER OR CUSTOMER INFORMA -
TION.—A provider of electronic communication service or remote computing service shall, in re-sponse to an administrative subpoena author-ized by Federal or State statute, a grand jury, trial, or civil discovery subpoena, or any means available under paragraph (1), disclose to a gov-ernmental entity the— ‘‘(A) name; ‘‘(B) address; ‘‘(C) local and long distance telephone con-nection records, or records of session times and durations; ‘‘(D) length of service (including start date) and types of service used; ‘‘(E) telephone or instrument number or other subscriber or customer number or identity, in-cluding any temporarily assigned network ad-dress; and ‘‘(F) means and source of payment for such service (including any credit card or bank ac-count number), of a subscriber or customer of such service. ‘‘(3) N
OTICE NOT REQUIRED .—A governmental entity that receives records or information under this subsection is not required to provide notice to a subscriber or customer.’’; (2) in subsection (d)— (A) by striking ‘‘(b) or’’; (B) by striking ‘‘the contents of a wire or elec-tronic communication, or’’; (C) by striking ‘‘sought,’’ and inserting ‘‘sought’’; and (D) by striking ‘‘section’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-section’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) N
OTICE .—Except as provided in section 2705, a provider of electronic communication service or remote computing service may notify a subscriber or customer of a receipt of a warrant, court order, subpoena, or request under sub-section (a), (b), (c), or (d) of this section. ‘‘(i) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION RELATED TO  L
EGAL PROCESS .—Nothing in this section or in section 2702 shall limit the authority of a gov-ernmental entity to use an administrative sub-poena authorized by Federal or State statute, a grand jury, trial, or civil discovery subpoena, or a warrant issued using the procedures described in the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure (or, in the case of a State court, issued using State warrant procedures) by a court of competent ju-risdiction to— ‘‘(1) require an originator, addressee, or in-tended recipient of a wire or electronic commu-nication to disclose a wire or electronic commu-nication (including the contents of that commu-nication) to the governmental entity; ‘‘(2) require a person or entity that provides an electronic communication service to the offi-cers, directors, employees, or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:03 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00168 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.039 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6433 July 17, 2018 
agents of the person or entity (for the purpose of carrying out their duties) to disclose a wire or electronic communication (including the con-tents of that communication) to or from the per-son or entity itself or to or from an officer, di-rector, employee, or agent of the entity to a gov-ernmental entity, if the wire or electronic com-munication is stored, held, or maintained on an electronic communications system owned, oper-ated, or controlled by the person or entity; or ‘‘(3) require a person or entity that provides a remote computing service or electronic commu-nication service to disclose a wire or electronic communication (including the contents of that communication) that advertises or promotes a product or service and that has been made read-ily accessible to the general public. ‘‘(j) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION RELATED TO CON-
GRESSIONAL SUBPOENAS .—Nothing in this sec-tion or in section 2702 shall limit the power of inquiry vested in the Congress by article I of the Constitution of the United States, including the authority to compel the production of a wire or electronic communication (including the con-tents of a wire or electronic communication) that is stored, held, or maintained by a person or entity that provides remote computing service or electronic communication service.’’. 
DELAYED NOTICE  S
EC. 1003. Section 2705 of title 18, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 2705. Delayed notice ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—A governmental entity act-ing under section 2703 may apply to a court for an order directing a provider of electronic com-munication service or remote computing service to which a warrant, order, subpoena, or other directive under section 2703 is directed not to notify any other person of the existence of the warrant, order, subpoena, or other directive. ‘‘(b) D
ETERMINATION .—A court shall grant a request for an order made under subsection (a) for delayed notification of up to 180 days if the court determines that there is reason to believe that notification of the existence of the warrant, order, subpoena, or other directive will likely re-sult in— ‘‘(1) endangering the life or physical safety of an individual; ‘‘(2) flight from prosecution; ‘‘(3) destruction of or tampering with evi-dence; ‘‘(4) intimidation of potential witnesses; or ‘‘(5) otherwise seriously jeopardizing an inves-tigation or unduly delaying a trial. ‘‘(c) E
XTENSION .—Upon request by a govern-mental entity, a court may grant one or more extensions, for periods of up to 180 days each, of an order granted in accordance with subsection (b).’’. 
RULE OF CONSTRUCTION  S
EC. 1004. Nothing in this Act or an amend-ment made by this Act shall be construed to pre-clude the acquisition by the United States Gov-ernment of— (1) the contents of a wire or electronic commu-nication pursuant to other lawful authorities, including the authorities under chapter 119 of title 18 (commonly known as the ‘‘Wiretap Act’’), the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.), or any other pro-vision of Federal law not specifically amended by this Act; or (2) records or other information relating to a subscriber or customer of any electronic commu-nication service or remote computing service (not including the content of such communica-tions) pursuant to the Foreign Intelligence Sur-veillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.), chapter 119 of title 18 (commonly known as the ‘‘Wiretap Act’’), or any other provision of Fed-eral law not specifically amended by this Act. TITLE XI AMATEUR RADIO PARITY ACT SEC. 1101. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Amateur Radio Parity Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 1102. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) More than 730,000 radio amateurs in the United States are licensed by the Federal Com-munications Commission in the amateur radio services. (2) Amateur radio, at no cost to taxpayers, provides a fertile ground for technical self-train-ing in modern telecommunications, electronics technology, and emergency communications techniques and protocols. (3) There is a strong Federal interest in the ef-fective performance of amateur stations estab-lished at the residences of licensees. Such sta-tions have been shown to be frequently and in-creasingly precluded by unreasonable private land use restrictions, including restrictive cov-enants. (4) Federal Communications Commission regu-lations have for three decades prohibited the ap-plication to stations in the amateur service of State and local regulations that preclude or fail to reasonably accommodate amateur service communications, or that do not constitute the minimum practicable regulation to accomplish a legitimate State or local purpose. Commission policy has been and is to require States and lo-calities to permit erection of a station antenna structure at heights and dimensions sufficient to accommodate amateur service communications. (5) The Commission has sought guidance and direction from Congress with respect to the ap-plication of the Commission’s limited preemption policy regarding amateur service communica-tions to private land use restrictions, including restrictive covenants. (6) There are aesthetic and common property considerations that are uniquely applicable to private land use regulations and the community associations obligated to enforce covenants, con-ditions, and restrictions in deed-restricted com-munities. These considerations are dissimilar to those applicable to State law and local ordi-nances regulating the same residential amateur radio facilities. (7) In recognition of these considerations, a separate Federal policy than exists at section 97.15(b) of title 47, Code of Federal Regulations, is warranted concerning amateur service com-munications in deed-restricted communities. (8) Community associations should fairly ad-minister private land use regulations in the in-terest of their communities, while nevertheless permitting the installation and maintenance of effective outdoor amateur radio antennas. There exist antenna designs and installations that can be consistent with the aesthetics and physical characteristics of land and structures in commu-nity associations while accommodating commu-nications in the amateur radio services. 
SEC. 1103. APPLICATION OF PRIVATE LAND USE RESTRICTIONS TO AMATEUR STA-TIONS. 
(a) A MENDMENT OF FCC R ULES.—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Federal Communications Commis-sion shall amend section 97.15 of title 47, Code of Federal Regulations, by adding a new para-graph that prohibits the application to amateur stations of any private land use restriction, in-cluding a restrictive covenant, that— (1) on its face or as applied, precludes commu-nications in an amateur radio service; (2) fails to permit a licensee in an amateur radio service to install and maintain an effective outdoor antenna on property under the exclu-sive use or control of the licensee; or (3) does not constitute the minimum prac-ticable restriction on such communications to accomplish the lawful purposes of a community association seeking to enforce such restriction. (b) ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .—In amending its rules as required by subsection (a), the Com-mission shall— (1) require any licensee in an amateur radio service to notify and obtain prior approval from a community association concerning installation of an outdoor antenna; (2) permit a community association to prohibit installation of any antenna or antenna support structure by a licensee in an amateur radio serv-ice on common property not under the exclusive use or control of the licensee; and (3) subject to the standards specified in para-graphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a), permit a community association to establish reasonable written rules concerning height, location, size, and aesthetic impact of, and installation re-quirements for, outdoor antennas and support structures for the purpose of conducting commu-nications in the amateur radio services. 
SEC. 1104. AFFIRMATION OF LIMITED PREEMP-TION OF STATE AND LOCAL LAND USE REGULATION. 
The Federal Communications Commission may not change section 97.15(b) of title 47, Code of Federal Regulations, which shall remain appli-cable to State and local land use regulation of amateur service communications. 
SEC. 1105. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) C
OMMUNITY ASSOCIATION .—The term ‘‘com-munity association’’ means any non-profit man-datory membership organization composed of owners of real estate described in a declaration of covenants or created pursuant to a covenant or other applicable law with respect to which a person, by virtue of the person’s ownership of or interest in a unit or parcel, is obligated to pay for a share of real estate taxes, insurance pre-miums, maintenance, improvement, services, or other expenses related to common elements, other units, or any other real estate other than the unit or parcel described in the declaration. (2) T
ERMS DEFINED IN REGULATIONS .—The terms ‘‘amateur radio services’’, ‘‘amateur serv-ice’’, and ‘‘amateur station’’ have the meanings given such terms in section 97.3 of title 47, Code of Federal Regulations. TITLE XII ADDITIONAL GENERAL PROVISIONS 
REFERENCES TO ACT  S
EC. 1201. Except as expressly provided other-wise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ contained in this division shall be treated as referring only to the provisions of this division. 
REFERENCES TO REPORT  S
EC. 1202. Any reference to a ‘‘report accom-panying this Act’’ contained in this division shall be treated as a reference to House Report 115–792. The effect of such Report shall be lim-ited to this division and shall apply for purposes of determining the allocation of funds provided by, and the implementation of, this division. 
SPENDING REDUCTION ACCOUNT  S
EC. 1203. The amount by which the applica-ble allocation of new budget authority made by the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives under section 302(b) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 exceeds the amount of proposed new budget authority is $0. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:03 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00169 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.039 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6434 July 17, 2018 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Financial Services and General Government Appropria-tions Act, 2019’’. 
The CHAIR. Are there any points of order against the bill? No further amendment to the bill, as amended, shall be in order except those printed in House Report 115–830, and pro forma amendments described in section 2 of House Resolution 996. Each further amendment printed in the report shall be considered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time speci-fied in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, shall not be subject to amend-ment except as provided by section 2 of House Resolution 996, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . BIGGS  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. BIGGS. Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 3, line 14, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $2,400,000)’’. Page 14, line 10, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,480,000)’’. Page 14, line 14, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,480,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 996, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. B
IGGS) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. BIGGS. Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Chair, I thank Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN and Chairman C ALVERT  for their efforts on this legislation and, in fact, the entire committee. My amendment is simple. It re- prioritizes taxpayer money by moving a small amount of funds from the Bu-reau of Land Management land acquisi-tion account and redirecting them to the National Park Service mainte-nance backlog account. Over the years, Congress has sent bil-lions of dollars into these accounts, al-lowing the Federal Government to ac-quire roughly 640 million acres. Today the Federal Government owns about 28 percent of all the lands in the United States, including about 40 percent of the land in my home State of Arizona. This ownership and the subsequent management of the 640 million acres comes at a great expense to the Amer-ican taxpayer and poses overwhelming challenges for land managing agencies. The deferred maintenance backlog for the National Park Service—and I have here a list of those—totals nearly $12 billion. The National Mall alone is al-most $800 million in deferred mainte-nance, and the Grand Canyon National Park is $350 million in deferred mainte-nance. The list goes on and on. Given these challenges, it defies logic that we would continue to spend mil-lions of dollars to acquire more land that we can’t pay to maintain. So I instead incur just $1.4 million of the net yield on this with my amend-ment to start this process of paying for the backlog. Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Madam Chair, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Madam Chair, in-vestments in the Land and Water Con-servation Fund support public land conservation and ensure access to all the outdoors for all Americans. As I mentioned in my opening remarks, all 50 States enjoy and appreciate access to this fund. The House bill provides $360 million which is $65 million below the fiscal year 2018 level. So this account has al-ready seen a cut. So I think that the committee made it very clear. We are very concerned about deferred maintenance in the na-tional parks. The FY18 budget provides a $40 million increase over the FY18 en-acted levels for facility operations and maintenance. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time Mr. BIGGS. Madam Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. C
ALVERT ). Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I rise in support of the gentleman’s amend-ment. I want to acknowledge, our members on both sides of the aisle sup-port more land acquisition funding, not less. That said, both sides of the aisle also recognize the maintenance back-log of our national parks is unaccept-able. In this bill we tried to balance the bi-partisan support for land acquisition with bipartisan support for maintain-ing and improving the conditions of fa-cilities we already own. The gentleman from Arizona thinks we should direct a bit more to the Na-tional Park Service maintenance, and there is no debate that those needs are there. Madam Chair, I support the amend-ment. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. I believe I have the right to close, Madam Chair, so I re-serve the balance of my time until closing. Mr. BIGGS. Madam Chair, we have a problem when we can’t even agree on prioritizing $1.5 million additional money to maintain national parks. Washington, D.C., on the Mall alone, has $1 billion in maintenance backlog. And Arizona, for instance, has one-half billion dollars in maintenance. Cali-fornia has over $2 billion in mainte-nance backlog, and I could go on and on. But that is not necessary because we all know that we need to re-fund the maintenance backlog, and I am only asking for $1.4 million of an additional $18 million that is going to the land ac-quisition fund. Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Madam Chair, to the gentleman who is offering the amendment, I appreciate his goal of wanting to address backlog. I would love to address more of our national park’s backlog. But as I pointed out, the Land and Water Conservation Fund also has broad bipartisan support and has already taken a cut of $65 million below the FY18 budget level. So in-creasing access to our public lands for hunting, fishing, and other rec-reational activities has bipartisan sup-port, just as addressing the deferred maintenance. So if we can see an increase in the 302(b) as we move forward in com-mittee, I am sure the chairman would consider that, and I would be very much in support of working something out. But at this point, I am adamantly op-posed to cutting the Land and Water Conservation Fund any further. With that, I would tell my colleagues to oppose the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. B
IGGS). The question was taken; and the Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Madam Chair, I de-mand a recorded vote. The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona will be postponed. The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 115–830. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . SOTO 
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 3 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. SOTO. Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 8, line 2, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $500,000) (increased by $500,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 996, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. S
OTO) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. SOTO. Madam Chair, my amend-ment would move $500,000 from the United States Fish and Wildlife general administration account to the National Wildlife Refuge program specifically for the wildlife and habitat manage-ment of invasive species. This amendment is identical to an amendment I offered last year that passed this body by a voice vote, and I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:03 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00170 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.039 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6435 July 17, 2018 
urge my colleagues to support this amendment again this year. Invasive species threaten native plant and animal species and their vital habitats. Currently, invasive spe-cies are the most frequently mentioned threat within the National Wildlife Refuge System Threats and Conflicts database and are a growing risk to our ecosystems. The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service is the only agency in the United States Government with the primary respon-sibility of the conservation of our Na-tion’s fish, wildlife, and plants. The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service manages more than 561 refuges encompassing more than 150 million acres of habitat within the National Wildlife Refuge System. As of 2013, more than 2.4 million acres of the refuge system are im-pacted by invasive plants, including Lake Hatchineha in my home district in central Florida with approximately 1,715 invasive animal populations resid-ing on the refuge lands. It is important we provide enough funds to enable the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to com-bat and reduce the harmful impact of invasive species. Again, this amendment would in-crease funds to combat invasive species that threaten native species in their vital habitat. Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support the amendment, and I re-serve the balance of my time. b2000 Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I rise in support of the amendment. The CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from California is recog-nized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I am happy to accept the gentleman’s amendment and to work with the rest of my colleagues to address a need for funding to battle the spread the harm-ful invasive species. I support an ‘‘aye’’ vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SOTO. Madam Chair, I thank the gentleman from California for his sup-port, and I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. S
OTO). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . LANCE  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 4 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. LANCE. Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 8, line 2, after the dollar amount in-sert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. Page 8, line 21, after the dollar amount in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $3,850,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 996, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ) and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. Mr. LANCE. Madam Chair, I rise today to offer an amendment increas-ing funding for the Delaware River Basin Restoration Program. Protecting our Nation’s water supply is one of the major accomplishments of this legislation, and the Delaware River is a strong priority for the coun-try. I thank Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN  and Chairman C
ALVERT for their sup-port of this program and support of my bipartisan amendment I offer tonight with Congressman G
OTTHEIMER , also of New Jersey. The Delaware River supplies water to over 15 million people and serves as the major source of drinking water for New Jersey, New York, Delaware, and Penn-sylvania. Indeed, of the major cities across the globe, New York is consid-ered to have the best quality water, and that is due to the Delaware River Basin. Federal policies governing our Na-tion’s waterways affect every State and the lives and health of every Amer-ican. The interstate commerce gen-erated by these multistate natural re-sources is squarely an important Fed-eral prerogative. But the Delaware Riv-er’s national significance is only part of the story. This is a wise Federal in-vestment. The Delaware River Basin generates $25 billion annually in economic activ-ity, including agriculture, recreation, and ecotourism. Protecting our water and contributing to at least 600,000 jobs and over $10 billion in annual wages gives taxpayers a return on the invest-ment we make with this vote. I have the honor of representing com-munities on the Delaware River in Hunterdon and Warren Counties in western New Jersey; and Congressman G
OTTHEIMER , my Democratic cospon-sor, also represents municipalities on the Delaware River in Warren and Sus-sex Counties. The Delaware River is a national asset. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the Lance-Gottheimer amendment, and I am deeply grateful for the support of the committee chair and the sub-committee chair. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Madam Chair, I claim the time in oppo-sition to the amendment even though I am not opposed. The CHAIR. Without objection, the gentlewoman from Florida is recog-nized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Madam Chair, I commend Ranking Member M
CCOLLUM and Chairman C AL-
VERT for their hard work on the Inte-rior Appropriations bill, and also Ranking Member Q
UIGLEY and Chair-man G
RAVES for their work on the Fi-nancial Services Appropriations bill. But, unfortunately, I cannot support this misguided appropriations package. The bill before us today fails to fund critical domestic programs that safe-guard our air and water or to ade-quately secure our elections. Last year, after an unprecedented at-tack on a democracy, we came to a bi-partisan consensus on the need for funding election security and included $380 million in the Consolidated Appro-priations Act. This year, the majority zeroed out the account for election se-curity assistance. Given the indictments handed down by Special Counsel Mueller last week and the disgraceful performance by the President of the United States in Hel-sinki yesterday, I cannot think of a more important account to fund than one for election security. If the President of the United States is unwilling to stand up to Putin and defend our democracy, it is incumbent upon us as Members of a coequal branch of government to do so. This bill fails the American people in so many crucial ways, but if it fails to protect our elections, we risk eroding the vital accountability that undergirds our democracy. Madam Chair, we are at a critical juncture in our Nation’s history. Will America continue our leadership in the world as a beacon of democracy and in-tegrity, or will we cower and bow to Russia and refuse to protect our elec-tion systems from their proven desire to interfere with our elections? Sadly, the bill before us fails to provide the resources necessary to meet that mo-ment. Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to oppose this appropriations package but not the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LANCE. Madam Chair, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ). Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I rise in support of the gentleman’s amend-ment. The Delaware River Conservation Program leverages Federal funding by at least 2 to 1. That is exactly the kind of public-private partnership we should be fostering throughout the enterprise. That is why I support this amendment, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Madam Chair, I yield the balance of my time to the gentlewoman from Min-nesota (Ms. M
CCOLLUM ). Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Madam Chair, I think what the gentleman from New Jersey is talking about is something that I am supportive of, but I am not supportive of the offset. As the gentleman is aware, our 302(b) allocation was level-funded, and the 2018 omnibus bill provided $5 million to implement the Delaware Basin Con-servation Act in FY19. An additional $5 million is provided, so it is a total of $10 million. The offset to the amendment is what I have an objection to, not the gentle-man’s goals. The offset the gentleman 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:35 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00171 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.130 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6436 July 17, 2018 
uses does not require a one-for-one match. The offset that he is using in order to move forward would reduce Fish and Wildlife Service construction by $3.85 million, and it has already been cut by $6 million. So the total cut to Fish and Wildlife construction would be $10 million at the end of the gentleman’s amendment. At this time, I am going to object to the amendment, but I would work with the gentleman and the chair to not only get a higher 302(b) allocation, but to find a different offset. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LANCE. Madam Chair, unfortu-nately, the offset is larger than the in-crease because of the differences in outlay rates. Amendments must be outlay neutral, per House rules. Due to the work of Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN and Chairman C AL-
VERT , the underlying bill already in-cludes the second year of a 2-year, $100 million funding surge in Fish and Wild-life Service construction funding, mak-ing it one of the best offsets possible as an option. This bipartisan amendment is crucial for preserving the Delaware River wa-tershed, which is already subject to cuts in the Senate’s Interior Appro-priations bill. Madam Chair, due to the importance of the Delaware River, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. L
ANCE ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . COURTNEY  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 5 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. COURTNEY. Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 14, line 10, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $300,000) (in-creased by $300,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 996, the gentleman from Con-necticut (Mr. C
OURTNEY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Connecticut. Mr. COURTNEY. Madam Chair, again, this is a simple amendment which would designate $300,000 within the operation of the National Park System for the New England National Scenic Trail. This is an amendment which was offered last year and was adopted by voice vote in an en bloc amendment. Again, the language is ab-solutely identical. By way of background, the New Eng-land Trail was designated as a National Scenic Trail in 2009, making it one of the newest of the Nation’s 11 National Scenic Trails. The trail is 223 miles long and winds through 41 communities in Connecticut and Massachusetts. Amazingly, nearly 2 million people live within 10 miles of the trail, making it one of the most accessible National Scenic Trails for one of the most dense-ly populated parts of the country. It was passed in 2007. Congressman John Olver, RICHIE NEAL, JOHNLARSON , R
OSA DELAURO , now-Senator C HRIS M
URPHY , and I introduced and passed the law, the New England Scenic Trail Designation Act. Unfortunately, the trail has been woefully underfunded for the last 5 years. The trail system has received an average of $127,000 in funding, which is split three ways between the Con-necticut Forest and Park Association, the Appalachian Mountain Club, and the National Park Service. Of the approximately $43,000 each en-tity receives, the vast majority goes to facility maintenance, volunteer coordi-nation, community engagement, out-reach to youth, and the trail’s land-owner hosts. Impressively, much of the work that is done is supported by vol-unteers who put in more than 5,000 hours of maintenance activity annu-ally. I would just note that the managers of the trail have done their best to le-verage an impressive $1.53 million in non-Federal funding in 2015. So they actually have been very efficient and creative in terms of trying to leverage and maximize the support that is, again, far below what the national park trail feasibility study rec-ommended back in 2005, when they rec-ommended an annual budget of $271,000. Again, this is an amazing trail that goes through New England landscapes such as long-distance vistas with rural towns as a backdrop, farmlands, for-ests, and large river valleys. It also travels through colonial historical landmarks and highlights a range of di-verse ecosystems and natural re-sources: mountain ridges and summits, forested glades, and wetlands. Again, I want to thank Chairman C
ALVERT and Ranking Member M CCOL-
LUMfor their support last year. I would urge passage of this identical amendment. It is supported by my col-leagues in the region. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I sup-port the amendment. The CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from California is recog-nized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I ap-preciate the Member’s interest in the New England Scenic Trail and the Na-tional Park Service operations gen-erally. Madam Chair, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. COURTNEY. Madam Chair, si-lence is golden, and I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. C
OURTNEY ). The amendment was agreed to. AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . COURTNEY  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 6 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. COURTNEY. Madam Chair, I rise as the designee of the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ), and I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 15, line 4, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. Page 38, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 996, the gentleman from Con-necticut (Mr. C
OURTNEY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Connecticut. Mr. COURTNEY. Madam Chair, this bipartisan amendment would restore $5 million to the National Park Service’s Historic Preservation Fund to achieve level funding from the 2018 fiscal year. This amendment continues the same spirit of bipartisanship that Congress displayed in 2016 when we reauthorized the Historic Preservation Fund through 2023 and that Congress dis-played last year when we passed a simi-lar amendment in this Chamber. Since the Historic Preservation Fund’s creation in 1966, Congress has allocated more than $2 billion to com-munities across the country to connect Americans to our history and to con-tribute to our sense of place. Historic preservation projects prioritize local workers, create more jobs per dollar spent than other con-struction projects, and use fewer car-bon emissions than building anew. The Historic Preservation Fund in-cludes funding for State historic pres-ervation offices, which work with local communities to revitalize historic lo-cations and protect American heritage. Importantly, State historic fund offices administer the historic rehabilitation tax credit, which, nationwide, has le-veraged $131 billion in private invest-ment and created 2.4 million jobs since its inception. It is that kind of high return lever-age that the Historic Preservation Fund achieves. That explains why the program received the funding level in the 2018 omnibus that Mr. B
LUMENAUER  seeks to restore. I would note that the omnibus was a bipartisan and bicameral agreement which the chair and ranking member supported. Again, this amendment does not seek to raise spending above the 2018 omni-bus, which cleared both Houses with a healthy bipartisan vote and which was signed into law by President Trump last March. Madam Chair, I urge passage of the Blumenauer amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I rise in support of the amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00172 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.133 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6437 July 17, 2018 
The CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from California is recog-nized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. b2015 Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, as the gentleman knows, I am a strong sup-porter of the National Park Service and the Historic Preservation Fund. While I have some concerns about the offset at the Office of the Secretary, this is a bipartisan amendment I can accept, and I urge adoption of the amendment. Madam Chair, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. COURTNEY. Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. C
OURTNEY ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MS . SEWELL OF  
ALABAMA  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 7 printed in House Report 115–830. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 15, line 4, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(increased by $2,500,000)’’. Page 15, line 23, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $2,500,000)’’. Page 38, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,500,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 996, the gentlewoman from Ala-bama (Ms. S
EWELL ) and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Alabama. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Madam Chair, I rise today in support of my amendment, which would increase the funding for competitive grants to pre-serve the sites and stories of the civil rights movement by $2.5 million. My district, the Seventh Congres-sional District, is also known as the Civil Rights District. Many historic events, from the bombing of the 16th Street Baptist Church, to the Chil-dren’s March, to the Montgomery bus boycott, to Bloody Sunday, all took place in my district. These events are of national signifi-cance, and we are fortunate that the National Park Service is working with States, local communities, and non-profits to preserve and interpret these stories. I am so grateful that the Na-tional Park Service has a strong pres-ence in my district, and I have seen firsthand that they not only preserve the sites and stories of our great Amer-ican history, but they also bring eco-nomic revitalization to the commu-nities. In my hometown of Selma, Alabama, the National Park Service Selma Inter-pretive Center brings tourism dollars to a rural Black Belt county that would otherwise not have such eco-nomic development. In Birmingham, the civil rights monument is already playing a critical role in the downtown redevelopment. In fact, for every dollar invested in the national parks, $10 is generated in na-tional economic activity. The National Park Service also sup-ports more than a quarter million pri-vate sector jobs. Therefore, I believe that making a small, additional invest-ment in the Historic Preservation Fund will yield great dividends and re-sults in economic revitalization in communities across this country. The civil rights preservation fund has benefited civil rights sites from Iowa, to Nevada, to Massachusetts, and be-yond. Grant projects from these addi-tional funds would help provide for in-terpretation, education, surveys, oral history documentation, as well as physical preservation. It will also help lesser known civil rights sites get known. The National Park Service’s own 2008 study found that civil rights history and landmarks are underrepresented in the National Park System, so this grant will also give us an opportunity to increase the amount of money and funds that we give for historic preser-vation of civil rights sites. From reconstruction, to the era of Jim Crow, to the birth of the civil rights movement, to the current strug-gle for equality and justice, there is so much history that deserves to be pre-served and interpreted for the benefit of future generations. I want to thank the chairman of the subcommittee, Mr. CALVERT , and the ranking member, Ms. M
CCOLLUM , for their help in preserving civil rights sites all across the United States. Now is the time to do that preservation. Madam Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. C
LYBURN ), my friend, the Demo-cratic assistant leader, who will also support increasing the Historic Preser-vation Fund. Mr. CLYBURN. Madam Chair, I rise in support of the Sewell amendment. This proposal would increase funding for grants from the Historic Preserva-tion Fund to preserve the sites and tell the stories of the civil rights move-ment. I want to thank my colleague T
ERRI S
EWELL for her leadership on this issue, and I thank the chairman and the ranking member for their support of this program in the past. First funded in fiscal year 2016, this program has met a great need in rural communities across our Nation that are struggling to preserve and protect their legacies. Last year, the program funded a $500,000 grant to preserve Trinity United Methodist Church, which will help secure the church’s legacy and preserve its history for future genera-tions. I was a student at South Caro-lina State University in Orangeburg, South Carolina, during this time, and I know well the role that Trinity played in our meetings and our rallies, many of them attended by luminaries like Martin Luther King, Jr., Roy Wilkins, Thurgood Marshall, and many others. This is but one example of several successful grants in South Carolina and throughout the Nation. There is much more work to be done to fully preserve this history. Madam Chair, I strongly support this amendment. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I rise in support of the amendment. The CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from California is recog-nized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, to the gentlewoman, my colleague on the House Intelligence Committee, this is certainly an amendment I can accept. The gentlewoman and I have a history over the years of working together on this program, and I am happy to con-tinue it. Madam Chair, I urge adoption of the amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Madam Chair, I want to personally thank Chairman CALVERT as well as Ranking Member M
CCOLLUM for working closely with me on this amendment. Madam Chair, I urge all my col-leagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this amend-ment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentle-woman from Alabama (Ms. S
EWELL ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE 
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 8 printed in House Report 115–830. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Chair-woman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 15, line 18, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $500,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 996, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Chair, I thank the chairman and ranking mem-ber, Mr. C
ALVERT and Ms. M CCOLLUM , for their leadership on these issues of preservation. The Jackson Lee amendment in-creases grant funding by $500,000 so that organizations interested in histor-ical preservation, especially in under-represented communities, have the ability to study, survey, and nominate properties to the National Register of Historic Places. Due to lack of resources, certain communities are underrepresented in this process, so this amendment en-sures that they have a greater oppor-tunity. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00173 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.138 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6438 July 17, 2018 
The Jackson Lee amendment ensures that sites important to our American history are no longer overlooked due to mere lack of resources. It accomplishes this goal by promoting research that uncovers information to assist in tell-ing the full American story. Historical places create connections to our heritage that help understand our past, appreciate our triumphs, and learn from our mistakes. And they cover all of the cultural backgrounds, from African Americans, to Anglos, to Hispanics, and to Asians, all in this wonderful, diverse country who have had a story to tell, as well as Native Americans and many others. Such stories might otherwise be lost because urban renewal and out-migra-tion of Blacks destroyed or led to the abandonment of many African Amer-ican communities. Preservation helps recognize, save, revitalize, and protect Americans’ historic places, build com-munities, and foster education and pride. I am reminded of Freedmen’s Town in my home city and Emancipation Park, which was the first park bought in the entire State of Texas by freed slaves. Madam Chair, I ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment. Madam Chair, I rise in strong support of Jackson Lee Amendment No. 8 to Division A of H.R. 6147, the Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appro-priations Act of 2019. This Jackson Lee Amendment increases grant funding by $500 thousand so that orga-nizations interested in historical preservation, especially in underrepresented communities, have the ability to study, survey, and nominate properties to the National Register of Historic Places. Due to lack of resources, certain commu-nities are underrepresented in this process so this amendment ensures that is no longer the case. This Jackson Lee Amendment ensures that sites important to our American history are no longer overlooked due to mere lack of re-sources, it accomplishes this goal by pro-moting research that uncovers information to assist in telling the full American story. Historical places create connections to our heritage that help us understand our past, ap-preciate our triumphs, and learn from our mis-takes. Madam Chair, by understanding and desig-nating landmarks we stimulate local revitaliza-tion and foster interest in places that otherwise may go unnoticed, despite cultural and historic significance. By preserving historic sites that tell the story of Americans in this country, we draw atten-tion to the contributions of both ordinary and extraordinary people. Such stories might otherwise be lost be-cause urban renewal and the out-migration of blacks destroyed or led to the abandonment of many African American communities. Preservation helps to recognize, save, revi-talize and protect America’s historic places, build communities, and foster education and pride. The Historic Preservation Fund (HPF) pro-vides matching grants to State and Tribal his-toric preservation offices. These HPF grants are used to pay for re-search and surveys of historic sites, training for staff, and the work involved in nominating these sites to the National Register of Historic Places. In short, it makes preservation possible to communities that otherwise would not have the means to engage in the nominating proc-ess. The Jackson Lee amendment is essential because it provides funds to preserve sites that are directly connected to the Civil Rights Movement. For example, earlier this year I introduced H.R. 4745, the Emancipation National Historic Trail Act that seeks a federal designation of the Emancipation National Historic Trail. The Emancipation National Historic Trail ex-tends approximately 51 miles and marks the migration of newly freed slaves, who, upon learning of the Emancipation Proclamation two years after the President had signed it into law, departed from what is now the Osterman Building and Reedy Chapel in Galveston, and charted a course along Texas State Highway 3 and Interstate Highway 45 North to Freed-men’s Town and Emancipation Park in Hous-ton. Increasing grant funding for this program would make projects like the Emancipation Trail possible. Madam Chair, it is imperative that we pre-serve and codify the historical record and me-morialize significant events of our past. I urge my colleagues to join me in voting for Jackson Lee Amendment No. 8 to Division A of H.R. 6147 as it is vital that we support the preservation of important sites. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I rise in support of the amendment. The CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from California is recog-nized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I have no objections and urge adoption of the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Chair, I thank the gentleman for that, and I want to give an example that earlier this year I introduced H.R. 4745, the Emancipation National Historic Trail Act, that seeks Federal designation of the Emancipation National Historic Trail, that it would extend 51 miles and mark the migration of newly freed slaves. But, more importantly, it takes us from Captain Granger in Galveston, who brought the slaves in Texas who were freed in 1865, 2 years after the Emancipation Proclamation, and it tracks the historic markers all the way to Freedmen’s Town and Emancipation Park. This is an opportunity not only for the communities to be joined together but, again, to reemphasize history that is intertwined. A study shows the con-nection between culture, heritage, and tourism, and that 37 percent of global tourism has a cultural motivation, and 57 percent of travelers are strongly in-fluenced by history and culture in their choice of holiday destination. This will help underserved communities. Madam Chair, I ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . CLYBURN  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 9 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. CLYBURN. Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 15, line 4, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’. Page 15, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’. Page 38, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 996, the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. C
LYBURN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina. Mr. CLYBURN. Madam Chair, this amendment would increase by $2 mil-lion the Historic Preservation Fund to restore and preserve buildings and sites on the campuses of Historically Black Colleges and Universities. It is offset by a minor reduction in the adminis-tration account for the Department of the Interior. Most HBCUs were founded after the Civil War to provide higher education to African Americans, most of whom were newly freed from slavery. These institutions continue to serve a vital purpose and have deep historical con-nections with African Americans and American history. Most of them have sites and structures of historical sig-nificance that are in dire need of res-toration and preservation. Early in my tenure in Congress, I worked with my colleagues in the Con-gressional Black Caucus and in leader-ship of this committee and the Com-mittee on Natural Resources to author-ize and appropriate funds to the GAO to study the breadth of this issue. The GAO identified 712 endangered historic buildings at an approximate cost of restoration of $755 million. My amendment today will increase the funding in the bill for this impor-tant program by $2 million, to a total of $7 million, still $3 million below the level authorized by the House-passed bill. I have seen the transformational power of historic preservation in my congressional district, where buildings like Ministers’ Hall at Claflin Univer-sity and Chappelle Auditorium at Allen University were restored after decades of abandonment to their original glory as iconic institutions of their commu-nities. Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. S
E-
WELL ). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00174 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.143 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6439 July 17, 2018 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Madam Chair, I rise today as a supporter and cosponsor of this amendment, which would add $2 million for the Historic Preservation Fund grants for Histori-cally Black Colleges and Universities. HBCUs have always been a hub for bright, young African Americans to come together and to promote both in-dividual development and community development. These institutions are national treas-ures, and their legacy and history de-serves to be protected for the benefit of future generations. The Historic Pres-ervation Fund grants for HBCUs are a perfect tool to help these institutions protect their historic civil rights sites and buildings, and I look forward to continuing to work with the 14 HBCUs in my home State of Alabama to seek these funds. Madam Chair, I again thank Assist-ant Leader C
LYBURN for his leadership on this matter over the years. I thank him for the opportunity to speak on this amendment. I also thank the chairman and ranking member. Mr. CLYBURN. Madam Chair, may I ask how much time I have left. The CHAIR. The gentleman from South Carolina has 1
1⁄2minutes re-maining. Mr. CLYBURN. Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. M
CCOLLUM ), the rank-ing member of the subcommittee. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Madam Chair, I am honored to stand up and support His-torically Black Colleges and Univer-sities and, as has been pointed out, the important role that they play in our education system. Adding additional resources to preserve these structures on these campuses is necessary to maintain them. Madam Chair, I am very honored to represent many people from the Oromo community who are proud alumni from HBCUs. I stand with the gentleman to make sure that we have the resources needed for African American preserva-tion and history, not only to have passed along our appreciation of our Nation’s history to future generations, but to give the next generation great buildings to be educated in. b2030 Mr. CLYBURN. Madam Chair, I thank Ranking Member M
CCOLLUM . I thank the chairman of the sub-committee, Ms. S
EWELL , and Congress-woman A
DAMS for their support of this legislation. As a proud graduate of an HBCU, with a daughter who is an HBCU grad-uate, I am very much supportive of re-storing and preserving the tremendous history of these institutions. Madam Chair, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I rise in support of the gentleman’s amend-ment. The CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from California is recog-nized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, the gentleman and I have a history over the years of working together to sup-port HBCUs. I thank the gentleman for working with me on this issue and with the ranking member, and I urge the adoption of this amendment. Madam Chair, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. CLYBURN ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE 
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 10 printed in House Report 115–830. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 15, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 996, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Chair, I thank the chairman and the ranking member of this committee for their commitment to historic preservation. Since 1837, Historically Black Col-leges and Universities have served the needs of higher education for the Afri-can American community. The first HBCUs were established in Pennsyl-vania, Ohio, Missouri, and Tennessee. After the Civil War, there was an in-flux of HBCU establishments through-out the Southeast, Midwest, and Southwest. The Jackson Lee amend-ment provides an additional $1 million for the Historic Preservation Fund, and within that fund to be allocated to His-torically Black Colleges and Univer-sities, institutions that are uniquely American, fundamentally historical, and distinctly beneficial to the Amer-ican culture and history. In my State of Texas, it joins with any number of States throughout the United States in the North, the South, the East, and the West. Interestingly, these schools are not relegated to the South. They are actually all over the United States, and they are older structures. For those of us who visited these schools, we recognize the impor-tance of continuing to preserve their historic structure. I mentioned earlier that there are great results in funding and profits for those who can provide historic oppor-tunities for travelers to visit. In 2017, Congress appropriated $4 mil-lion for the Historic Preservation Fund to rehabilitate historic structures on campuses of HBCUs that are listed in the National Register of Historic Places either individually or as con-tributing to the National Register of Historic Places. I can assure you that these are great assets to America. The projects must meet major program se-lection criteria, and all work must meet the Secretary of the Interior’s standards and guidelines for arche-ology and historic preservation. Simply, what we are doing is allow-ing our history to be preserved. The network of more than 100 historic in-stitutions, established as early as 1837 for former slaves and by former slaves and freedmen, contain repositories of important books, papers, and memora-bilia of Black history. Black history, as other history, is American history, and the opportunity to preserve it and to continue to ex-pand the opportunity to improve build-ings that will now educate this genera-tion of students is an important role for us to play. Madam Chair, I rise in support of Jackson Lee Amendment No. 10 to Division A of H.R. 6147, the Department of the Interior, Environ-ment, and Financial Services Appropriations Act of 2019. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 10 provides an additional $1,000,000 for the Historic Pres-ervation Fund to be allocated to Historically Black Colleges and Universities—institutions that are uniquely American, fundamentally his-torical, and distinctly beneficial to American culture and history. Since 1837, Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs) have served the needs of higher education for the African American community. The first HBCUs were established in Penn-sylvania, Ohio, Missouri, and Tennessee. After the Civil War there was an influx of HBCU establishment throughout the South-east, Midwest, and Southwest. Since the 1990s, the National Park Service has awarded over $60 million in grants to over 80 of the remaining active HBCUs. These grants work to preserve the historic structures on HBCU campuses, many of which are listed in the National Register of Historic Places. In 2017, Congress appropriated $4 million from the Historic Preservation Fund to rehabili-tate historic structures on campuses of HBCUs that are listed in the National Register of Historic Places either individually or as con-tributing to a National Register historic district. Projects must meet major program selection criteria and all work must meet the Secretary of the Interior’s Standards and Guidelines for Archeology and Historic Preservation. HBCUs represent a significant place in American history. This network of more than 100 historic insti-tutions established as early as 1837 for former slaves and freedmen contain repositories of important books, papers and memorabilia of Black history. In addition, HBCUs served as meeting places during the civil rights struggles of the 1900s. Against substantial odds, HBCUs have played a unique role in transforming the land-scape of higher education in the United States, and continue to prepare the African American professional and civic leaders need-ed by communities, employers and the nation. In 2013, HBCUs comprised 3 percent of all four- and two-year colleges and universities, but enrolled 10 percent of African American 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00175 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.146 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6440 July 17, 2018 
undergraduates, produced 18 percent of the nation’s African American college graduates, and generated 25 percent of African Ameri-cans with bachelor degrees in science, tech-nology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) fields. Created to educate black students at a time when society had yet to integrate, historically black colleges and universities (HBCU’s) have had an outsize impact on the success of the black community and therefore the American community as a whole. HBCUs do not only educate—HBCUs have and will continue to fill an important role in education opportunity and engagement for mil-lions of young people from diverse back-grounds. Ensuring HBCUs receive the funds nec-essary to succeed enriches our culture as a nation and promotes a more complete history of our country to be preserved. Emphasizing the importance of diversity is the best way to tell the complete story of the American experience, and when the American story is told by all of those who helped shape its success as a nation, we perpetuate Amer-ican exceptionalism. Madam Chair, our HBCUs are not just aca-demic institutions, rather, incubators that stim-ulate black excellence that, more importantly, preserve the rich and true history of those of African descent—again, contributing to the fabric of American culture as a whole. Texas Southern University, an outstanding HBCU, is a major contribution and asset to the 18th District, serving as a distinct example of the benefits that these institutions offer to the community. HBCUs not only enjoy historical campuses, but they are also repositories of expertise on American History. In a 1998 study, more than 100 HBCUs identified 712 historic properties that were owned by the schools in responses to a sur-vey from the U.S. Government Office of Ac-countability. Nearly half of those buildings, 323, are on the National Register of Historic Places indi-cating significance in American history, and the others were eligible for the national reg-ister based on surveys by state historic pres-ervation officers or considered historic by the colleges and universities. According to the surveys at that time, 103 HBCUs estimated $755 million in costs to re-store and preserve the properties, such as im-proving accessibility to people with disabilities, roof replacement and removing lead-based paint or asbestos, both known for containing cancer-causing material. Routine maintenance costs were not part of the estimates. We, as a nation, have a responsibility to foster education, culture, knowledge, diversity and leadership; and with that, Mr. Chairman, we have a responsibility to ensure that HBCUs continue to serve as repositories of American History and thrive as academic institutions and continue to benefit society as a whole. I urge my colleagues to join me in voting for Jackson Lee Amendment No. 10. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I rise in support of the gentlewoman’s amendment. The CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from California is recog-nized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I am happy to continue to work with the gentlewoman from Texas on this pro-gram and others, and I have no objec-tion. Madam Chair, I urge adoption of the amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Chair, I thank Mr. C
ALVERT , and, again, I thank the ranking member who has been so gracious. I believe Texas Southern Univer-sity—not as old as 1837—Prairie View A&M, and others throughout the Na-tion will benefit from preserving these historic buildings, and, as well, pro-viding them as a source of learning for everyone around the Nation. Madam Chair, I ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 11 OFFERED BY MR . OLSON  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 11 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. OLSON. Madam Chair, I rise as the designee of Congressman T
EDPOE to speak on behalf of his amendment. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 15, line 6, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $20,000,000)(increased by $20,000,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 996, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. O
LSON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. OLSON. Madam Chair, we have a class of American warships that haven’t been built since World War II. They are called battleships. America made 64 battleships. Only seven survived World War II. They are the North Carolina, Alabama, Massachu-setts, Iowa, New Jersey, Missouri, and Wisconsin. But one survived World War II and World War I. This ship is special. It is the Battleship Texas. She is over 104 years old. She was commissioned on March 12 of 1914. She patrolled the At-lantic during the First World War. She is the first American ship with anti-aircraft guns. She is the first battle-ship that had directors and rangekeepers to lock on with their 10 14-inch main batteries. There she is today. She has made his-tory in our Navy. March 1919, Lieutenant Commander Edward McDonnell took a British Sopwith Camel off turret number 3, Naval aviation was born. The wings of gold started on the USS Texas. The skipper of the Texas was so im-pressed. He noticed those planes could see splashes for the weapons. They could target with aircraft. That meant the Texas would be the first ship ever to launch planes to recover as spy mechanisms during a war. The Texas was at Casco Bay, Maine, on December 7, 1941, the day Japan bombed Pearl Harbor. In the Atlantic Ocean, on October 23, 1942, as part of Operation Torch, the invasion of French Morocco, the Texas bombed and bombed and bombed the enemy. June 6, 1944, at 5:50 a.m., the Texas roared to life with a constant bombard-ment of all the weapons—225 14-inch rounds hit the Germans in 34 minutes. June 7, the next day, she is off the cliffs of Pointe Du Hoc where the rang-ers were in a dogfight for their lives being shot at from above. The Texas launched two Higgins boats, supplied the rangers with more weapons, and brought the wounded home. That may have been a natural fit. And the command of those rangers was a Texan, a proud Texas Aggie, Earl Rudder. On the beaches that day, my col-league, TEDPOE’s father, Virgil Poe, heard the Texas roar and saw the flame come out of the big guns. When the war in Europe with Hitler went ashore, the Texas redeployed to the Pacific. On February 16, she pounded the Japanese on Iwo Jima for 3 straight days before the Marine Corps landed. March 1945, 6 straight days of bomb-ing Okinawa cleared the way for the Army and Marines to take that island back. The Texas struck the Naval record as a registered vessel on April 20 of 1948. She was given to my home State, the State of Texas. She is now the flagship of the Texas Navy, Admiral T
EDPOE’s flagship. Our colleague, T
ED, is an ad-miral of the Texas Navy. She is moored right where Texas won independence, the San Jacinto Monu-ment, right there southwest of Hous-ton, Texas. But sadly, inaction in D.C. and in Texas has done what the Ger-man Kaiser, General Mussolini, Adolf Hitler, and General Tojo could not do. The Texas is sinking. Rust and time are winning. The Texas still has a heart of a war-ship. She twice set sail during Hurri-cane Ike. She and all these battleships deserve to be saved. It is time to heave up and trice up. Vote for this amend-ment, and save our battleships. Madam Chair, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. O
LSON ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 12 OFFERED BY MRS . DINGELL  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 12 printed in House Report 115–830. Mrs. DINGELL. Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 19, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $250,000) (increased by $250,000)’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00176 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.050 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6441 July 17, 2018 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 996, the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. D
INGELL ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Michigan. Mrs. DINGELL. Madam Chair, I rise in support of my bipartisan amend-ment to H.R. 6147, the Interior Appro-priations Act, which I am proud to in-troduce with my friend and colleague from Michigan, Congressman J
OHN M
OOLENAAR . Our amendment would provide fund-ing to continue and advance the great science that is being done in the U.S. Geological Survey’s Fisheries Program. We need more research to protect im-portant ecosystems, like the Great Lakes, from invasive species and better understand how to conserve and pro-tect important fishery resources. The Great Lakes Science Center, which is strategically located near ac-cess fishery resources in communities across the eight Great Lakes States, would be an appropriate recipient of these additional resources. The Great Lakes are a way of life for so many across Michigan and many other States, including agriculture, commercial and sport fishing, trans-portation, shipping, power generation, recreation, and tourism. Whether you live, work, or vacation on the Great Lakes, we all benefit in preserving and conserving the Great Lakes for future generations. The Great Lakes Science Center would be able to adopt cutting-edge technologies to support fisheries man-agement, native prey fish restoration, and invasive species control by deploy-ing autonomous underwater systems to assess impacts of bottom-dwelling invasive species on economically im-portant fisheries and recreational re-sources. The Science Center would continue to do their work on piloting gene si-lencing techniques to control zebra and quagga mussels in lakes and rivers with nationwide applications. Fisheries science has been broadly recognized as a national and regional priority for many years, and nearly every action in the past has been to ei-ther maintain or increase the funding for the USGS fisheries assessments in the Great Lakes. The Great Lakes Fishery Program also has enjoyed long bipartisan sup-port from Congress. b2045 The Great Lakes are a treasured na-tional resource, with more than 20 per-cent of the world’s freshwater, 9,000 miles of shoreline, and supporting a $16 billion outdoor recreation economy. It is critical we maintain funding to continue the United States Geological Survey’s research and to enhance ex-ploration in cutting-edge technologies to support fisheries management, na-tive prey fish restoration, and invasive species control that is being done at the Great Lakes Science Center. Madam Chair, I urge all of my col-leagues to support this important bi-partisan amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I rise in support of the amendment. The CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from California is recog-nized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I am happy to support the gentlewoman from Michigan in her quest. The Great Lakes Science Center has bipartisan support for the role it plays in pro-tecting the economic and environ-mental health of the Great Lakes re-gion. Madam Chair, I support my col-league’s amendment, urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. DINGELL. Madam Chair, I thank the chairman and I thank the ranking member, Representative M
CCOLLUM , who shares the love of the Great Lakes with me. Madam Chair, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentle-woman from Michigan (Mrs. D
INGELL ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 13 OFFERED BY MR . COURTNEY  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 13 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. COURTNEY. Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 19, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $100,000) (increased by $100,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 996, the gentleman from Con-necticut (Mr. C
OURTNEY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Connecticut. Mr. COURTNEY. Madam Chair, this amendment designates $100,000 in fund-ing to the United States Geological Survey so that they can create a searchable map showing occurrences of an iron sulfide material known as pyrrhotite nationwide. Pyrrhotite is a material that has, un-fortunately, shown up in concrete quarries in New England and Canada. When it is mixed into the aggregate poured into the foundations of homes, over a period of time, because it is an iron material and exposed to moisture, it actually rusts, expands, and cracks, basically causing a catastrophic col-lapse of the foundation. In Connecticut, there are estimates that as high as 19,000 homes that have been infected with pyrrhotite material. It spread into western Massachusetts and three rivers in Quebec. The whole community of thousands of people have been devastated by the presence of this material. The Trump administration and the Treasury Department actually recog-nized last November a property cas-ualty loss tax guidance that allows homeowners who basically have to spend about $200,000 to repair their homes—because they have to lift the house, pull out the old foundation, and pour a new foundation—to claim it as a property casualty loss deduction. Last month, Dr. Ben Carson from HUD came up and did a tour of these homes. It is a devastating occurrence, and it has potential nationwide con-sequences. The United States Navy actually has a bidding process out right now through its SBIR program to come up with a testing mechanism. They cal-culate that they basically own about 300,000 structures throughout the United States. They want to have a system for testing for the presence of pyrrhotite. I brought a picture, which shows the effects of the catastrophe. This is a home where the house was lifted. The material of the foundation is so badly compromised that the contractor can actually pull it apart by hand, it is that serious. This amendment would allow the United States Geological Survey to create a searchable database nation-ally that would allow us to identify this. The Office of Congressional Af-fairs contacted our office and indicated that they do have the capacity to de-velop a national pyrrhotite map, but it is not in their current plan. This amendment, which is also supported by Mr. LARSON from Connecticut’s First District, would direct that priority. Madam Chair, I urge passage of the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I rise in support of the amendment. The CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from California is recog-nized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I sup-port this amendment. I will work with the gentleman to address this issue with the United States Geological Sur-vey and learn more about where this mineral occurs. Madam Chair, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. COURTNEY. Madam Chair, I thank the chairman for his consider-ation of this amendment. It is a very serious problem and much appreciated in the New England area. I thank the ranking member, Ms. M
CCOLLUM , for her support as well. Madam Chair, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. C
OURTNEY ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 14 OFFERED BY MS . GABBARD  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 14 printed in House Report 115–830. Ms. GABBARD. Madam Chair, I rise as the designee of the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. H
ANABUSA ), and I have an amendment at the desk. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00177 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.154 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6442 July 17, 2018 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 19, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $4,798,500)’’. Page 38, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $4,908,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 996, the gentlewoman from Ha-waii (Ms. G
ABBARD ) and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Hawaii. Ms. GABBARD. Madam Chair, this amendment would increase the United States Geological Survey’s surveys, in-vestigations, and research account by $4,798,500 to accommodate for impacts caused by recent volcanic eruptions. The offset for this modest increase comes from the Interior Secretary’s ad-ministrative account. On May 8, 2018, in my district, the Kilauea Volcano on the Big Island, Ha-waii, began erupting. The volcanic ac-tivity and destruction has yet to stop or wane. It has destroyed over 700 homes, forcing thousands of people to evacuate, to seek emergency aid and shelter, and to somehow find a new fu-ture for their lives. There has never been a more critical time where the United States Geologi-cal Survey’s Volcano Hazards Program on Hawaii island has been sorely need-ed; however, their office was severely damaged by the seismic activity from the ongoing volcanic eruptions. Hawaii island itself has seen hun-dreds of these types of seismic erup-tions over the last month and a half. As a result, the staff currently occupy empty spaces at University of Hawaii at Hilo, like classrooms, or they telework, undermining their quality of work, with the staff potentially put-ting their lives at risk. The United States Geological Survey provides essential information for the health, safety, and well-being of people all across the State of Hawaii, and in neighboring locations such as the Mar-shall Islands, which has been blanketed by volcanic smog following the Kilauea eruption. To most effectively do their job, this team needs a workplace where they can house their equipment, conduct re-search, and most effectively uphold their mission, which is to enhance pub-lic safety and minimize social and eco-nomic disruption. This amendment will provide the necessary resources for this team to at least temporarily relocate to a suitable location and continue to carry out their lifesaving historic work. Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to help us immediately address this sit-uation and pass our amendment. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I rise in support of the amendment. The CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from California is recog-nized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, it is my understanding that the United States Geological Survey is in its early stages of discussing temporary spaces but that, eventually, the United States Geological Survey may have to develop a long-term solution for the Hawaiian Volcano Observatory. I encourage the Department of the Interior, the United States Geological Survey, and the National Park Service to work together to develop a plan for the future observatory because oper-ating the HVO out of the Hawaii Volca-noes National Park was a cost-effective solution for many years. Madam Chair, in the meantime, I cer-tainly support my colleague’s amend-ment. I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. GABBARD. Madam Chair, I thank the chairman and the ranking member for their support for this very timely and important resolution. I have been on the ground there and have seen how the United States Geo-logical Survey’s HVO is literally moni-toring the activity 24 hours a day, sending out realtime updates to people whose lives and homes and farms hang in the balance. Unfortunately, the volcanic activity that we are seeing there right now is continuing at a very aggressive rate with no end in sight, so his support for this amendment comes at a critical time, and I really appreciate it on be-half of my constituents there. Madam Chair, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentle-woman from Hawaii (Ms. G
ABBARD ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 15 OFFERED BY MR . KILDEE  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 15 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. KILDEE. Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 19, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. Page 38, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(decreased by $1,022,728)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 996, the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. K
ILDEE ) and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. Mr. KILDEE. Madam Chair, I rise today in support of my bipartisan amendment that would provide $1 mil-lion for the United States Geological Survey to eradicate grass carp in the Great Lakes. Grass carp are an invasive species, one of the four species of Asian carp that pose an immediate threat to the Great Lakes and its coastal wetlands. Since being introduced in Lake Erie, the grass carp population has been in-creasing, threatening our coastal wet-lands and our region’s economy that relies so heavily on the health of the Great Lakes. Our coastal wetlands are important to Michigan’s environment and the wildlife they serve as a natural water filter and habitat for fish and waterfowl. Since 2010, the Great Lakes Restora-tion Initiative, which has been sup-ported by Democrats and Republicans in Congress, has helped to restore the wetlands the grass carp are now con-suming. The immediate threat of grass carp in Lake Erie jeopardizes the in-vestment and the goals of the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative. This amendment is simple. It empow-ers and funds the United States Geo-logical Survey to track and monitor grass carp so that we can stop their spread in the Great Lakes. By passing this amendment, the United States Geological Survey would have additional resources to find out where grass carp are breeding so we can know how to stop their invasion and remove them from the Great Lakes. Funding from this amendment will double our efforts in Lake Erie to ensure we protect our coastal wetlands, our wildlife, and the Great Lakes themselves. With this amendment, we have an opportunity to address this ur-gent threat of invasive species such as grass carp. Madam Chair, I thank my friend from Michigan, Congressman WALBERG , for working with me on this bipartisan amendment. I also thank our friends on the Appropriations Committee—Con-gresswoman K
APTUR , Congressman J
OYCE , and Congressman M OOLENAAR — who have also been involved and helped on this. And I, of course, thank Chair-man C
ALVERT and Ranking Member M
CCOLLUM for their efforts in working with us on ensuring that this amend-ment receives fair consideration. Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I rise in support of the amendment. The CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from California is recog-nized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, we can accept the gentleman’s amendment. The committee takes invasive spe-cies threats seriously. We spent a lot of time on Asian carp in our committee in prevention efforts throughout the bill. It is a bipartisan effort. Everyone is very concerned about this. We are talk-ing about a bounty program, possibly, to go after these things. Let’s go do it. I accept the gentleman’s amendment, but I will be working with him and the rest of my colleagues to ensure that Asian carp and grass carp control and prevention efforts are effectively co-ordinated across the agencies within our jurisdiction. Madam Chair, I urge adoption of the amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. KILDEE. Madam Chair, I thank the gentleman for his support, and I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00178 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.158 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6443 July 17, 2018 
thank Chairman C ALVERT and Ranking Member M
CCOLLUM for their efforts in dealing with this really important issue. It is particularly important to those of us who live in the Great Lakes region, but it is important to all of us. This is really not only a question of maintaining this ecosystem, but it is important to our economy. Madam Chair, I thank all of my col-leagues for their support. I urge the passage of this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ). The amendment was agreed to. b2100 
AMENDMENT NO . 16 OFFERED BY MR . JOHNSON  
OF OHIO  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 16 printed in House Report 115–830. For what purpose does the gentleman from Ohio seek recognition? Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Madam Chair, I ask unanimous consent that the amendment be modified in the form I have placed at the desk. The CHAIR. Does the gentleman have an amendment at the desk? Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. I do have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 27, line 10, after the dollar amount in-sert ‘‘(increased by $30,000,000)’’. Page 68, line 9, after the dollar amount in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $30,000,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Does the gentleman have a modification to his amendment? Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Madam Chair-man, I ask unanimous consent that the amendment be modified in the form I have placed at the desk. The CHAIR. Will the gentleman sub-mit his modification to the desk? Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Amendment No. 17. Sixteen and 17 are being com-bined. The CHAIR. Is the modification at the desk? Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Point of parliamen-tary inquiry. Could our side have an opportunity to look at the amend-ment? We haven’t had an opportunity to see it. We do not know whether or not we would object. It might be a friendly amendment to us. 
PERMISSION TO CONSIDER AMENDMENT NOS . 16 
AND 17 OFFERED BY MR . JOHNSON OF OHIO EN  
BLOC 
Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Madam Chair, I ask unanimous consent that amend-ment Nos. 16 and 17 be considered en bloc. The CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Ohio? There was no objection. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC OFFERED BY MR . 
JOHNSON OF OHIO  
Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Madam Chair, I offer amendments en bloc. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendments en bloc. Amendments en bloc consisting of amendment Nos. 16 and 17 printed in House Report 115–830, offered by Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio: 
AMENDMENT NO . 16 OFFERED BY MR . JOHNSON  
OF OHIO  Page 27, line 10, after the dollar amount in-sert ‘‘(increased by $30,000,000)’’. Page 68, line 9, after the dollar amount in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $30,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 17 OFFERED BY MR . JOHNSON  
OF OHIO  Page 27, line 19, strike ‘‘3’’ and insert ‘‘6’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 996, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. J
OHNSON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Madam Chair-man, I thank the Chair for consider-ation of combining these two amend-ments. The amendments before us today help restore and continue important grant funding that will provide level funding for the same number of States currently funded by the Abandoned Mine Land Reclamation Economic De-velopment Pilot Program, which is used for the reclamation of abandoned mine lands in conjunction with eco-nomic and community development and reuse goals. These amendments are about ensur-ing the AML Economic Development Program continues to be appropriately funded and continues to afford the same grant opportunities to all cur-rently eligible States. Similar amend-ments offered by Representative G
RIF-
FITH have passed the House in the last 2 years, and the Senate FY19 Interior & Environment Appropriations bill con-tains similar language and funding amounts. Funding for these economic reclama-tion grants was established in fiscal year 2016 by Chairman R
OGERS , and it provided opportunities for some of the hard-hit areas of Appalachia to not only restore the land, but also allow additional appropriated funds to be used for economic purposes, and they helped provide a way to prepare the land for community development. These amendments carry on that goal; they maintain the status quo. And let me stress the point: these amendments are not designed to take money away from the top three States receiving funding in the underlying bill. Our intent is that the first three States will continue to receive the amount currently appropriated in the underlying bill. The additional money provided with these amendments are meant for the next three States and is to be divided equally, so that the next three States receive $10 million each, the same amount they have received over the last 2 years. I have worked with the Appropria-tions Committee to ensure these amendments will do just that and that this additional support for one Appa-lachian community does not come at the expense of another. I urge my colleagues to support these important amendments. They are im-portant to not only Ohio, but to the many States and coal communities throughout Appalachia. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I claim time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. B
UDD). The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recog-nized for 5 minutes. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I strong-ly oppose this amendment that takes more money from an already starved EPA account. This bill already se-verely cuts the Environmental Protec-tion Agency’s operating account by more than $100 million. The air we breathe and the water we drink are en-dangered by the funding and policy de-cisions that are made in this bill, and the consequences will be negatively felt in communities across this Nation. It is unfortunate that our 302(b) allo-cation was level funded, and I am sorry to hear that the gentleman’s account in which he is trying to restore funding also received a cut. I often know that cutting the EPA is an easy target for many of my colleagues across the aisle, Mr. Chair, but I want my colleagues to understand what this amendment would cut, if adopted. This account funds programs that are important to both sides of the aisle: permitting construction projects across the country, toxic risk preven-tion, and a successful brownfields pro-gram, and even pesticide licensing. I understand that the amendment would direct more funds to States in Appalachia who have suffered ravaging environmental costs caused by coal mining, and, once again, I want to stress that it is unfortunate that you are trying to restore funding that had been cut, but our allocation was very short. Unfortunately, I cannot support any deeper cuts to the EPA because they will have consequences that will be felt by people all across the country, so I must oppose this amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ALVERT ), chair-man of the Appropriations Sub-committee on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman, and certainly we are prepared to accept the amendment. I understand the gentleman’s overall goals to continue funding for the AML pilot consistent with the fiscal year 2018 enacted bill that provided the funding for the six Appalachian States, and I know the economic devastation that has happened throughout that re-gion. This increase to the AML program by $30 million, so that Ohio, Alabama, and Virginia would receive $10 million each, equal to the fiscal 2010 enacted levels, could certainly help in those re-gions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00179 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.161 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6444 July 17, 2018 
So we can accept this package of amendments at this time. I look for-ward to maintaining funding for the six States, with distribution similar to fis-cal year 2018 and the final 2019 enacted bill. As such, I encourage my col-leagues to adopt the amendment. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time to close. Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
RIFFITH ). Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment. I appre-ciate Chairman C
ALVERT ’s support as well, and the appropriators’ hard work on this. This was created by Hal Rogers. It is fascinating because what happens is that people say they want us to transi-tion the economy in central Appa-lachia. This is one of the ways to do that, and it actually saves money. We have a project in my district that we are close to getting finalized on this, where it would cost $6.7 million to clean up a site, if we did it the normal way. With this program, which we wish to continue, it will only cost the gov-ernment about 2.5, $2.6 million, and we end up with a site that can be used again for economic development and jobs in Appalachia. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time to close. Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Mr. Chair-man, I will close. I want to reaffirm what my colleague from West Virginia said. This is important for economic development in communities in Appa-lachia. It will have a significant im-pact on economic development work throughout the region, while being off-set by only a slight reduction in EPA’s environmental programs and manage-ment account, totaling only 1.21 per-cent of that account. So this is good legislation. It is a good bill for Appalachia, a good set of amendments for Appalachia. I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I want to be clear. I understand that this amendment would direct more funding to States in Appalachia who have suf-fered from the ravaging environment caused by coal mining, and that is a very noble goal, as I said before. But at this time I have to oppose this amendment. Once again, I want to point out, we were level funded in our allocation in the Interior bill that we are debating today with amendments, and I cannot support any further deep-er cuts to the EPA. But as the chairman moves forward and as we go to conference, if we can start restoring some of the funds to the EPA, I would like to work with the gentleman to restore some of the funds to this also important program; but at this time I have to oppose. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. JOHN-
SON). The en bloc amendments were agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 18 OFFERED BY MR . 
O’HALLERAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 18 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 31, line 9, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $36,000,000)(increased by $36,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. O’H
ALLERAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Chair, Arizo-na’s First Congressional District is home to the largest population of Na-tive Americans and Indian lands in the Nation. Many of the Tribal governments that I represent face a public safety crisis. Nearly every Tribal community I visit is caught in the justice facility back-log, and it is having a serious impact on their ability to protect and serve their communities. The backlog in unmet need for Tribal justice facilities has grown signifi-cantly since fiscal year 2014, when the Department of Justice unilaterally stopped new and replacement construc-tion of Tribal justice buildings. All the while, the Bureau of Indian Affairs has kept condemning these types of build-ings. This negligent lack of Federal co-ordination between agencies has re-sulted in communities being forced to go without essential infrastructure. Tribal justice officials dedicate and risk their lives to provide basic law and order in Native American commu-nities. However, as a former police offi-cer, I can tell you, no justice system can function without a safe and secure facility to house these officers. The San Carlos Apache Tribe’s jus-tice system is a devastating example of the backlog for justice facilities in In-dian Country. The BIA condemned the San Carlos Police and Courts Building known as BIA Building 86 in 2009. The Tribal po-lice officers and courts worked for 6 ad-ditional years in a condemned building, until the Bureau of Indian Affairs pro-vided them with temporary trailers, which had been intended to be used as classrooms and temporary housing in 2015. Here we are, 3 years later, and this temporary fix is failing the San Carlos police and courts, as well as the entire community. The San Carlos Police Chief works in an office with cracks in the wall where he can see outside. The generator doesn’t provide air condi-tioning to the police patrol or court sessions of trailers, and that is in Ari-zona. Water service is intermittent. There is not enough space for evidence storage. The floors can’t securely sup-port storage safes that include cash, drugs, and other evidence. I can go on and on. It is clear that it is past time to pro-vide the San Carlos Apache Tribe, and Tribes across the country, a permanent facility to safely house their police and courts. b2115 I commend Appropriations for pro-viding $18 million for replacement of new public safety and justice construc-tion. My amendment demonstrates the re-ality that the need is greater. It sug-gests a funding level of $36 million di-vided between replacement and new construction. This would help provide for the needs of communities like San Carlos, who have had their police and court facilities condemned by the Bu-reau of Indian Affairs. Every law enforcement officer at the local, State, Tribal, and Federal levels risk their lives to protect and serve their community. If we can’t give them the basic tools to do their jobs, our communities risk safety and justice for victims. We must do better. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment on behalf of these brave law enforcement officials, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I am happy to accept the gentleman’s amendment and work with him and the rest of my colleagues to address the public safety and justice construction needs in Indian Country. The ranking member and I have worked very closely together in Indian Country to recognize the shortcomings throughout Indian Country in Indian education, Indian healthcare, and cer-tainly within the Indian public safety and justice problems that we are hav-ing throughout the United States. Mr. Chair, I certainly support an ‘‘aye’’ vote, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Chair, I just want to thank the chair and the rank-ing member for all their commitment to Indian Country and for their support of this amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. O’H
ALLERAN ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 19 OFFERED BY MR . 
O’HALLERAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 19 printed in House Report 115–830. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00180 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.165 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6445 July 17, 2018 
Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 31, line 9, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. Page 38, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $10,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. O’H
ALLERAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Chair, across Indian Country, access to safe and clean drinking water is a major issue that we are obligated to address. In the northwest corner of my dis-trict, the Hopi Tribe has a water sys-tem with over three times the Federal maximum standard for safe drinking water for arsenic. Let me repeat that: three times the amount of arsenic than the maximum standard considered safe. Members of the Tribe have no choice but to use this unsafe water. This is be-yond unacceptable in any community in America, but it is a fact of life for Tribes across the Nation. No matter where you are born, no child or family in America should have to risk their health because they can’t access clean water. This basic lack of water infrastruc-ture has limited many Tribes’ ability to unleash their economic potential in rural communities across the country. The Hopi Tribe has limited financial resources. In fact, it has an 80 percent unemployment rate. Our country’s un-employment rate is 4 percent. It also has a mine that is potentially going to close that supplies 80 percent of its general funds. They have not sat idly waiting for the Federal Government to fix the problem it created. The Tribe has launched the Hopi Arsenic Mitigation Project to directly address this chal-lenge. Through the project, the Tribe has identified arsenic-free wells and mapped the pipeline route that will de-liver arsenic-free water to villages and towns across the reservation. All the Tribe needs to complete the project is construction funding. Unfortunately, funding for the Bu-reau of Indian Affairs Construction ac-count has not been adequate enough to fund projects across country like Hopi’s. That is why I am offering a commonsense amendment to increase BIA’s construction funding by $10 mil-lion. Increasing this funding for construc-tion of water infrastructure will enable the BIA to assist communities in build-ing water systems that will deliver clean drinking water to schools and homes, some for the first time. This amendment is not only a wise investment for Tribal communities as they seek to develop their economies and attract investment, but it is also a moral imperative. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment to increase ac-cess to clean water for tribal commu-nities across the country. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I rise in reluctant opposition to this amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I was happy to support the gentleman and accept the prior amendment, but this just goes too far. I couldn’t agree with the gentleman more that the Federal obligations for construction in Indian Country far out-weigh the amount of money we have in the budget. That is why the Bureau of Indian Affairs Construction account has been and will continue to be a non-partisan priority for the subcommittee, and we are certainly proud of the progress we have made so far, but I cannot support an offset on an account that also serves Indian Country and other underserved populations. In addition to cutting the Office of the Assistant Secretary of Indian Af-fairs, this amendment is likely to cut the Office of Native American Rela-tions, the Office of Small Disadvan-taged Business Utilization, the Office of Civil Rights, and the Office of Hear-ings and Appeals. Again, while I agree with the in-crease, and I certainly don’t disagree with the gentleman’s intentions, I can-not in good conscience agree to this offset. If we find money down the road in this process as the gentlewoman and I are going through the conference, this is something I would be very interested in looking at, but right now I must en-courage a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Chair, I un-derstand that this bill increases the BIA Construction funding levels from last year, but I must remind the gen-tleman that this program is still woe-fully underfunded considering the tre-mendous needs across the West and in rural communities. Although I believe this amendment’s offset is reasonable considering the basic immediate and dire needs of tribes across the country, I appreciate the gentleman’s comments and I hope he will commit to working with me on a bipartisan basis going forward on this amendment to ensure our communities have meaningful access funding for clean water. I clearly understand the impacts po-tentially to the Bureau, but I also un-derstand that when you have 80 percent unemployment and the risk of losing 80 percent of your general fund, that there is no other alternative than to look for money here, and I would ap-preciate consideration in the future. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. O’HALLERAN ). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 20 OFFERED BY MS . PLASKETT  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 20 printed in House Report 115–830. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of my amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 38, line 21, insert after the dollar amount ‘‘(decreased by $3,818,000)’’. Page 40, line 19, insert after the first dollar amount ‘‘(increased by $3,818,000)’’. Page 40, line 19, insert after the second dol-lar amount ‘‘(increased by $3,800,000)’’. Page 41, line 8, insert after the dollar amount ‘‘(increased by $18,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. P
LASKETT ) and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from the Virgin Islands. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chair, I thank the committee for the opportunity to express my strong support for this amendment to the De-partment of Interior division of this bill. This amendment amounts to a small uptick in critical funding for assist-ance to territories at the Department of Interior’s Office of Insular Affairs, to the amount that has already been rec-ommended by the majority in the Sen-ate. This is a modest uptick of just under $4 million in Federal support for Amer-icans in insular territories of the United States, namely, the Virgin Is-lands, Guam, the Northern Mariana Is-lands, and American Samoa. Nearly a half million Americans reside in these islands, which have been part of this great country for over a century. Since then, the Federal Government has supported the territories largely through Department of Interior assist-ance activity, with funding channeled towards technical assistance to local governments and to assist in upgrading essential community facilities like schools and hospitals and critical infra-structure, including waste disposal and wastewater systems. Even before two Category 5 hurri-canes struck the Virgin Islands, our schools faced structural deficiencies not conducive to a healthy learning en-vironment. Our hospitals face serious deferred maintenance issues due, in part, to their extremely high propor-tion of uncompensated care, because we face inequitable treatment in the Federal health programs like Medicaid and Medicare. There are few facilities for assisted living among a growing population of aging citizens. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00181 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.170 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6446 July 17, 2018 
Construction or repair to schools and hospitals account for much of the Cap-ital Improvement Project expenditures that come directly out of this Assist-ance to Territories account. I believe it is imperative that the Federal Government enhance its com-mitment to address the pressing needs of Americans living in the territories as we face grave natural disasters and security threats. I continue to be concerned about the catastrophic impact of Hurricanes Irma and Maria to the Virgin Islands, especially in light of financial solvency issues, coupled with the anticipated amount of time before government in-dustry and utilities are able to fully function and generate revenues. There are also additional revenue losses and other operational needs stemming from passage of significant tax reforms last year. The Virgin Is-lands and most of the insular terri-tories have mirror tax codes of the United States, meaning that when we make changes to the Federal Tax Code, they automatically apply as a tax code of the territories, with few exceptions. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act changes bring in a host of unintended new rev-enue and economic loss issues that the local governments of the territories will need significant technical assist-ance to mitigate. The U.S. territories are part of the United States, and jobs in these territories are American jobs. According to the Department of Labor, the unemployment rate in the Virgin Islands is currently at least 12 percent, three times the national rate. The people living in American island territories are citizens of this great Na-tion and entitled to equality to the people living in the 48 contiguous States, Hawaii, and Alaska, but the Virgin Islands and other territories are not included in the same formula grants as other locations. We do not re-ceive the same funding for grants, technical assistance, programs that provide jobs, or infrastructure. A continuation of level funding to the small assistance account is highly inadvisable at this time, for the rea-sons I have outlined previously. Americans residing in the U.S. terri-tories may be the first to be hit by a major hurricane, but have no vote on the budget for FEMA or anything else. They continue to be severely tried, and in circumstances beyond their control. Please approve my amendment as a simple matter of fairness to them and equitable to the majority of the Sen-ate’s requests at this time. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, in light of the catastrophic hurricane season last year and the fact that we are already in the midst of another hurricane sea-son right now, I suspect there is addi-tional relief needed for the territories in the weeks and months ahead. So with this reality upon us, I am happy to accept the amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman, the ranking member, and the members of this committee for supporting this amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. P
LASKETT ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 21 OFFERED BY MS . MOORE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 21 printed in House Report 115–830. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 38, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $500,000)’’. Page 112, line 5, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $500,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. M
OORE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Wisconsin. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chair, the intent of the amendment is to reserve funds for the Smithsonian to do an exhibit in conjunction with local groups and or-ganizations focused on celebrating the United Nations International Decade for People of African Descent. I am so proud to offer this amendment. Mr. Chair, January 1, 2015, through December 21, 2024, has been designated as the United Nations International Decade for People of African Descent, with the theme, ‘‘People of African De-scent: recognition, justice, and devel-opment’’ by the United Nations Gen-eral Assembly. The population comprising the Afri-can diaspora is expansive, spanning across the globe from the Americas and the Caribbean, to Asia and Europe, with persons of African descent having a historic presence on every continent. b2130 Around 200 million people identifying themselves as being of African descent live in the Americas. The goal of this initiative is for the United Nations and its member states, among others, to take advantage of the auspicious pe-riod of history by undertaking activi-ties in the spirit of recognition, justice, and development for people of African descent around the globe. Among the goals of this inter-national initiative is to underscore the important endowments made by people of African descent to our world soci-eties and to promote a greater knowl-edge of and respect for the diverse her-itage, culture, and contributions of people of African descent to the devel-opment of societies. Now, in this country, Mr. Chairman, the Smithsonian is uniquely positioned to celebrate the launch of this Inter-national Decade at the national level here in this country by creating tem-porary and maybe permanent exhibits that can help promote the cultural and artistic goals of the International Dec-ade and to create an effective exhibit or series of exhibits across its museums on the contributions of African de-scendants in the United States, where Black history is inextricably and inte-grally woven since this country’s founding and even before. Yes, Mr. Chairman, Africans explored these shores long before Columbus and ar-cheological findings here do prove. The Smithsonian has a history of un-dertaking efforts to commemorate and tell the story of the impact of African descendants on African American his-tory, politics, culture, and society, in-cluding the opening of the Smithsonian National Museum of African American History and Culture. The Smithsonian has a wealth of ar-tifacts and holds the resources to put together a well-regarded national showcase to weave together a compel-ling and concise study and story of some of the most notable contributions across sectors of African descendants. Likewise, it can work with local orga-nizations to borrow or make available artifacts, documents, and relics related to telling the story in a way that no other institution in our country can. Simply put, the Smithsonian has the right mix of expertise, archives, and ar-tifacts to help tell the story as well as the ability to work with local groups throughout our Nation that are guard-ians of some of these narratives but may not have the resources. With these additional resources, it is hoped that the Smithsonian will part-ner with other State and local institu-tions to help create a story reflective of the U.N. International Decade for People of African Descent and pro-moting the history and heritage of peo-ple of African descent and their impact on our country here. In an era of xenophobia and rising in-tolerance, now, more than ever, we need to join in helping to publicly rec-ognize the culture, history, and herit-age of people of African descent and their impact on the Nation and the world and have the International Dec-ade for People of African Descent be more than an empty rhetorical plati-tude to African Americans on this shore. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, while I certainly have some concerns about 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:00 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00182 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.173 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6447 July 17, 2018 
the offset, I am able to support my re-cent classmate’s and colleague’s amendment. As the gentlewoman knows, this bill has a strong history of supporting underrepresented commu-nities, including African American and Tribal communities. This bill funded the construction of the Smithsonian’s National Museum of African American History and Culture and continues to strongly support the operations of this very popular mu-seum. This bill maintains a strong bipar-tisan support for Tribal health, Tribal education, Tribal law enforcement, and numerous other priorities critical to Native Americans and Alaska Natives, and this bill supports underrepresented communities throughout the Historic Preservation Fund grants under the National Park Service. Though we may have to turn the lights off at the Department of the In-terior if we keep going on—he is a Navy SEAL; he will get by—I certainly urge the adoption of this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chair, I thank my colleague, because we will turn the light on the contributions of Africans on this continent during this decade. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. M
OORE ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 22 OFFERED BY MR . WELCH  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 22 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. WELCH. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 38, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $4,000,000)’’. Page 68, line 9, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(increased by $4,000,000)’’. Page 68, line 20, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $4,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. W
ELCH ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Vermont. Mr. WELCH. Mr. Chairman, Lake Champlain is one of the natural won-ders of New England and, indeed, an international treasure. It is a water-shed that includes New York, Vermont, and the Province of Quebec. To protect this unique natural and economic resource, Congress enacted legislation in 1990 under the bipartisan leadership of Democrat P
ATRICK LEAHY  and Republican Jim Jeffords that led to the creation of the Lake Champlain Basin Program. Over the years, the basin program has worked with private organizations, local communities, and individuals on both sides of the border to coordinate and fund efforts that benefit the Lake Champlain Basin’s water quality, fish-eries, wetlands, and wildlife recreation. It has been a great example of a locally driven program working from the ground up with the help of a Federal partner. It has been a tremendous success, and the purpose of this amendment is to maintain the funding at the level that it was at before. I have joined 28 years later after Democratic Senator PATRICK LEAHY and Republican Jim Jeffords with my Republican colleague from across the lake, Representative S
TEFANIK , in this amendment. It is im-portant to both sides of the lake and the Province of Quebec, who is not here represented, but here in heart. So I ask for the support of this amendment, and I want to say to my colleague, E
LISE STEFANIK , from across Lake Champlain, that we think the view of New York is beautiful, and we share a commitment to maintaining the beauty of that lake. Mr. Chair, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. S
TEFANIK ). Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Chairman, I thank my friend from across the lake, P
ETER WELCH . This is truly a bipartisan issue, as Mr. W
ELCH identified. This is impor-tant to our local ecosystem. It is im-portant to our recreation. It is impor-tant to our tourism. But it is also a job creator, bringing in new people to our region. I love the views as I look across the lake to Vermont, and I know that we are really a joint economy around Lake Champlain. I also want to thank Chairman C
AL-
VERT and the Appropriations Com-mittee for their support of this impor-tant initiative in the Northeast. As I said, this is truly bipartisan, and it fully funds this important program. So I thank Mr. C
ALVERT again and his staff, and I thank Mr. W
ELCH for being a true partner on this issue, which is locally driven and such a suc-cess story for our districts. Mr. WELCH. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman as a good partner, as well, and I thank Mr. C
ALVERT for his consideration. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Vermont (Mr. W
ELCH ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 23 OFFERED BY MR . VARGAS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 23 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 38, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000)’’. Page 71, line 11, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. Page 76, line 3, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from California (Mr. V
ARGAS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to urge my colleagues to support my amendment to H.R. 6147, the De-partment of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act of 2019. This amendment would in-crease funding for the U.S.-Mexico Bor-der Water Infrastructure Program by $5 million. As a Representative of California’s entire U.S.-Mexico border, I have seen firsthand the positive impact these programs have on communities in my State and across all of the commu-nities along the U.S. border. The Tijuana River Valley is a beau-tiful transboundary watershed on both sides of the border with a mixture of agriculture, preserved habitats, and rural housing developments. Periodic rain in the region produces a steady stream of cross-border flows of waste-water, trash, and sediment from Ti-juana into San Diego County. This has a devastating effect on border commu-nities, including Imperial Beach, San Diego, and other residents in the Ti-juana River Valley. Last year, millions of gallons of sew-age was discharged in the Tijuana River Valley after a heavy rain. This resulted in prolonged beach closures, which affected the quality of life and the public health of the people in these communities. Border Patrol agents also experi-enced very severe health complications from exposure to sewage and to chemi-cals and toxic waste along the border. San Diego County-based military in-stallations are also at risk of continued disruptions, which would affect their readiness to combat threats. Residents across San Diego County have grown increasingly frustrated with the lack of progress on viable so-lutions. All too often, Tijuana’s waste-water infrastructure is unable to han-dle the heavy rains, which result in sewage ending up on the U.S. side of the border. The EPA’s Border Water Infrastruc-ture Program provides resources for communities to build and enhance cur-rent long-term protections and reha-bilitation projects all along the entire U.S.-Mexico border. The EPA investments in these waste-water projects are a key factor in sig-nificant water quality improvements in U.S. waterbodies, such as the Rio Grande, Santa Cruz River, the New River, and the Tijuana River. The pro-gram’s funding has made significant progress addressing public beach health and the environmental impact of inad-equate drinking water and wastewater infrastructure along the U.S.-Mexico border. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:28 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00183 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.176 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6448 July 17, 2018 
The 2,000-mile border between the United States and Mexico is one of the most complex and dynamic regions in the world, with a growing need to ad-dress the transborder environmental issues; so I would urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in reluctant opposition to this amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, don’t get me wrong. I am not opposed to what the EPA is doing at the border to im-prove water quality, but I think it is important to note that the bill already provides $10 million for the program, equal to the fiscal year 2018 level, and did not support the elimination of the program as proposed in the President’s budget. As the gentleman knows, we are level-funded in this year’s appropria-tion bill, so I wasn’t able to get addi-tional funds for some of these programs that I like. Because a $5 million reduc-tion could significantly impact the work of the Secretary of the Interior— we have been chewing away at that all night—the programs under this juris-diction, and other important offices funded by the account, I can’t support the amendment. I will continue to work with the ranking member as we move this through this process because I know the important work we have done in California and along the entire border. It is a good program, and I certainly support it, but I can’t support this amendment at this time. Mr. Chair, I must oppose the amend-ment and urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman for those words, and I know that he wants to continue to work with us, and I look forward to that. I would just add that the situation is getting much worse, and I would also add that a number of these military installa-tions that we are placing right along the border, especially the Special Forces that we have, the SEALS, I think are going to become more and more affected by this sewage that crosses the border. Mr. Chair, I look forward to working with the chairman and the ranking member to see if we can find more money because this is a real problem in San Diego, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. V
ARGAS ). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 24 OFFERED BY MS . ESTY OF  
CONNECTICUT  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 24 printed in House Report 115–830. Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: Page 38, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $7,000,000)’’. Page 71, line 11, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $7,000,000)’’. Page 77, line 15, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $7,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. E
STY) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Connecticut. b2145 Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Chair-man, I want to thank my colleague, Congressman M
CKINLEY , for working with me on this amendment. Our amendment increases funding for State grants to assess or clean up brownfield sites by $7 million in fiscal year 2019. Too many cities and towns across America with proud manufacturing legacies are now struggling with va-cant brownfield properties. In my home State of Connecticut, the city of Meri-den alone has at least $10 million worth of brownfield projects for which they have been unable to secure funding— and that is just one city in one State. Every single congressional district across this country is home to at least one brownfield site. In fact, some have hundreds. The benefits of funding brownfield cleanups are enormous. For every $1 in-vested in brownfield redevelopment, 18 additional dollars are leveraged in out-side investment. That is one of the highest leveraging of outside money of any Federal program. Despite the clear, demonstrated value of Federal brownfield invest-ments, the EPA has been forced to turn down very worthy projects due to lack of funding. In fact, the EPA has only been able to fund about one-quarter to one-third of the applications it re-ceives. Between 2012 and 2017, over 1,600 applications for viable projects were turned down because of inadequate Federal funding. The base bill before us today provides just $153 million for brownfields in fis-cal year 2019—the very same amount that was enacted for 2018. For such an effective program that is in high de-mand all across the country, maintain-ing status quo funding for brownfield redevelopment is unwise and, frankly, unacceptable. If the EPA had been able to fully fund the qualified brownfield projects from 2012 to 2017, an additional 54,000 jobs would have been created along with $10.3 billion in leveraged outside money. Mr. Chairman, last November, 409 Members of this House voted to in-crease funding levels for the EPA’s brownfields programs to $200 million plus an additional $50 million for the State response program. That is a total of $250 million authorized by this House as compared with $153 million we have before us tonight. Mr. Chairman, 409 Members heeded calls from their cities and towns, may-ors, county and regional officials and constituents who urgently want to re-store their downtowns and commu-nities putting former industrial sites back on to the tax rolls and creating jobs. Dilapidated warehouses, abandoned factories, and former gas stations lit-tered across our cities and towns are untapped economic opportunities just waiting to be redeveloped into produc-tive uses like startup incubators, af-fordable housing, tech centers, and public green space. Increased funding will return brownfields to productive uses, gen-erate additional tax revenue, clean up the environment, grow jobs, and revi-talize communities all across our coun-try. Investing in our civic infrastruc-ture is essential to moving this coun-try forward. Mr. Chairman, I urge all of my col-leagues to support this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
CKINLEY ). Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Chairman, how much time is remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman has 1
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for taking this amendment on. When you think about it, we are only funding about 300 to 400 projects a year. But in testimony before our com-mittee, there are 450,000 contaminated sites across America; and if we are only renovating 400 sites, you can imagine how many thousands of years it will take assuming no additional brownfield sites are developed as a result of this. So this idea of grasping just $7 mil-lion I think is a fundamental way of trying to say: We need to do more in this effort; we need to put more funds in it. I agree with the gentlewoman’s re-mark. If $250 million was authorized, then we need to put more money in this if we are serious about brownfields and removing the stigma across our community. Mr. Chairman, I support this amend-ment. Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Chair-man, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. I thank my colleague, the gentleman from West Virginia; and I want to thank the 409 Members who joined in urging support for this pro-gram which has proven to be one of the most effective in the Federal Govern-ment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. E
STY). The amendment was agreed to. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00184 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.180 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6449 July 17, 2018 
AMENDMENT NO . 25 OFFERED BY MR . GRIJALVA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 25 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 38, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(decreased by $2,500,000)’’. Page 43, line 25, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $2,500,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
RIJALVA ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, my amendment would fully fund the De-partment of the Interior’s Office of the Inspector General. By my count, there are at least 14 Federal investigations that are either underway or completed into the cur-rent Secretary alone. That is more in-vestigations than the last four Interior secretaries combined. Still more issues with the Secretary are under prelimi-nary investigation. Even more have not been announced to this date. Inte-rior’s Office of the Inspector General is doing most, if not all, of that work. Funding and staffing shortfalls re-sulting from flat funding or small cuts have caused the Office of Inspector General in recent months to forgo in-vestigations altogether. Investigation requests from Congress and from tips originating within the Department of the Interior have either been rejected or are awaiting resources to be freed up in order to address them. The Office of Inspector General is also referring a growing number of hot-line complaints to the Interior Depart-ment for investigation, creating a situ-ation in which the department is inves-tigating itself. Half of those referred complaints involve allegations of eth-ics violations, sexual harassment, pro-hibited personnel practices, law en-forcement misconduct, and reprisal. Untrained supervisors conduct many of these investigations without following standard protocols and without col-lecting sufficient evidence. Specially trained, experienced noncriminal in-vestigators are needed to keep these in-vestigations within the Office of In-spector General. The Office of Inspector General’s independence from the office they are examining is essential to their ability to conduct thorough, unadulterated in-vestigations, inspections, or audits. Now is not the time to revert to the pre-Watergate days when an agency was in charge of investigating itself. This amendment would provide five additional investigators to focus on ad-ministrative issues and up to six inves-tigators in field offices which also lets the Office of Inspector General’s crimi-nal investigators focus on criminal misconduct instead of being pulled away to help in other areas. There are particular risks that are being unaddressed because of current funding levels. The Department of the Interior paid out $10 billion in financial assistance and contracts in fiscal year ’16 and ’17. During that time, there was about a 16 percent drop in audits. Con-tracts and financial assistance are some of the highest risk areas in terms of the potential for waste, fraud, and abuse. My amendment would also provide five new auditors for the Office of In-spector General which are needed to address contracts and financial assist-ance which is responsible for a dis-proportionate share of the Office of In-spector General’s 20–1 return on invest-ment. I want to emphasize that. For every dollar we spend on the Interior’s Office of Inspector General, according to the Partnership for Public Service, the tax-payer gets $20 back. This amendment will help ensure that this scandal-ridden administra-tion doesn’t monopolize the Office of Inspector General’s best people who are supposed to be rooting out waste, fraud, and abuse in the agency. If there was ever a time to fully fund the Office of Inspector General, it is now. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Arizona is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, although I am a big fan of the Inspector Gen-eral’s Office, the current budget is funded at the budget request, and therefore I do not see us raising $2.5 million by raiding the Secretary of the Interior’s operating account. I think it goes way too far. I am glad to know that the gen-tleman from Arizona actually listened to our talking points on that. But I think at this point in time I would like to keep it exactly where it is. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. C
ALVERT ). Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for the time. Mr. Chairman, I also rise in opposi-tion to the amendment. As the gen-tleman mentioned, the bill already in-cludes a $1.5 million increase for the Inspector General which is the amount that was requested. This transfer is not needed, and if enacted, it could affect the operations of the Department of the Interior. For those reasons and others, I op-pose this amendment. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I oppose the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, the figures in the delayed investigations, the deferred investigations and the need for additional auditors were all in the $5 million indication by the Office of Inspector General that that was what was needed in order to be able to comply with the demands of their of-fice and the demands that the public and Congress have for assuring that all the agencies are running under the pro-tocols, the procedures, and the laws that we insist they do so on. Mr. Chairman, $2.5 million that is being requested in this amendment would bring that total to $5 million, which is the amount that the Inspector General has indicated is needed. Mr. Chairman, I ask for a vote of ap-proval on this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 26 OFFERED BY MR . DENHAM  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 26 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk, amendment No. 26. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 38, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000)’’. Page 80, line 16, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from California (Mr. D
ENHAM ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chairman, Cali-fornia continues to suffer devastating water shortages and inadequate clean drinking water. We must build new water storage. My amendment would simply trans-fer $2 million into the Water Infra-structure Finance and Innovation Act administrative expenses account from the Department of the Interior Office of the Secretary account. The base text of this bill has $3 mil-lion less for WIFIA administration than was provided for the fiscal year ’18 and provides a $10 million increase for the Office of the Secretary account. The WIFIA program is a vital pro-gram for water infrastructure. The pro-gram was established in the water re-sources 2014 bill and has been accepting loan applications for clean and drink-ing water projects. Water storage projects and flood risk reduction infrastructure projects are eligible under section 3905 of 33 U.S.C. 52, but EPA has yet to establish a proc-ess for administering such loans. The additional administrative re-sources in the amendment would allow 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:28 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00185 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.184 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6450 July 17, 2018 
the WIFIA office to more quickly pur-sue financing of Bureau of Reclamation and Army Corps of Engineers projects. It took 4 years—until April 2018—for WIFIA to issue its first loan for a wastewater project. This is an unac-ceptable timeframe for establishing an essential water financing program when the American Society of Civil En-gineers scored our water infrastructure as a D grade last year. The administration’s infrastructure principles document recommends ex-panding WIFIA authorities to water storage projects which is the lifeblood of California’s Central Valley and other reclamation States. We can’t wait an-other 4 years for WIFIA to issue loans for these projects. The Army Corps and EPA expect to execute a memorandum of under-standing for financing projects very soon which will further strain WIFIA administrative resources. Additionally, the Senate has included a deadline for Reclamation and EPA to reach an MOU in their water resources bill. Mr. Chairman, this is good policy which mirrors my New WATER Act, H.R. 434. This amendment is necessary for properly and effectively carrying out both MOUs. In closing, California continues to suffer devastating water shortages and inadequate clean drinking water. Areas of California’s Central Valley have not only had bad quality water, but some towns have no water at all. We must build new storage. This bill helps us to move that forward and expedite the process. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. b2200 The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. D
ENHAM ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 27 OFFERED BY MR . 
O’HALLERAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 27 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 46, line 10, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $3,000,000)’’. Page 110, line 12, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $3,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. O’H
ALLERAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Chair, the Of-fice of Navajo-Hopi Indian Relocation was established to compensate and build homes for those Navajo and Hopi impacted by the Federal Government’s mandated changes of the reservation boundaries, which resulted in families being forced to move away from their homes. My amendment opposes efforts in the underlying bill to prematurely close the Office of Navajo-Hopi Indian Relo-cation. The bill significantly cuts this office while preparing for its premature closure. I strongly oppose these cuts. The agency has not completed its mission, and families continue to wait for the benefits they were promised. Closing the agency without providing the benefits to the affected families en-titled to them would be a violation of our trust responsibility. Once the agency’s mission is com-plete, it is essential that the remaining land management responsibilities are passed to capable and responsible agen-cies that will work with stakeholders to ensure that the trust responsibility is taken seriously. For this to occur, a comprehensive plan must be developed, and the plan must include meaningful input from both the Navajo Nation and the Hopi Tribe, and a thorough audit of the Of-fice of Navajo-Hopi Indian Relocation. I have concerns that preliminary dis-cussions that have the Office of the Special Trustee assuming land man-agement are premature, as the Office of the Special Trustee has no experi-ence with land management or building housing. While the details of the closure plan are worked out, it makes sense to con-tinue funding the agency, so it can fin-ish its mission and an orderly and agreeable closure plan can be devel-oped. The families impacted by relocation have suffered enough, and we have a re-sponsibility to ensure that we solve the problem in an orderly way, not simply shift the responsibility. My amendment simply shifts the funds that were provided to the Office of the Special Trustee, to assume land management responsibilities, back to the Office of Navajo-Hopi Indian Relo-cation where it can be used to build homes and review appeals until the agency mission is complete or a com-prehensive closure plan is developed with significant Tribal input. I thank the chairman and ranking member for their interest in this im-portant issue, and I look forward to continuing to work with them toward a resolution that keeps the promises made and is inclusive of all impacted parties. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Arizona is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition to this amendment for several reasons. The Navajo-Hopi Settlement Act of 1974 was intended to last 5 years. After that, the plan was to go ineffective. This program has lingered on for near-ly four decades longer than it should have. The Office of the Navajo-Hopi Relo-cation has indicated its intent to close by September 2018. Accordingly, we should not be reducing or even paying more money in fiscal year 2019 when they want to close the office in fiscal year 2018. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Arizona has 2 minutes remaining. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Chairman, I have personally gone around this proc-ess for a long time now, both before I came to Congress and during my ten-ure in Congress. We have hundreds of families who still are in an appeals process. We have homes throughout both reservations that are simply in a deteriorated state. This is not spending more money. It is shifting money from one agency to an-other to allow us to continue to make sure that the needs of this relocation project are met. The time limit of 5 years was ex-tended time and time again because of the technical nature of this process and the difficulty in our mandated process to make this a whole system that worked. It hasn’t worked. It needs to be worked on, but not until we have a comprehensive plan. There is no com-prehensive plan. There is just an idea and a concept, but no comprehensive plan. I will be glad to work with anybody on a comprehensive plan, but the idea that we just walk away from this right now without an agency that really knows what it is doing makes no sense at all. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chair, originally, this legislation was intended to help 1,000 families. We have helped more than 3,600 Navajo families and 27 Hopi families. When we talk about the comprehen-sive plan, maybe we ought to get ev-erybody in order to make sure that plan is acceptable by everybody before we keep throwing money at the prob-lem. Mr. Chair, once again, I am in opposi-tion. Once again, it is four decades past its time. We don’t get resolution on this aspect without putting some force behind it. There has to be finality to this. This cannot keep going on. With-out putting some finality to the fi-nances, we will see this continue over and over again. Mr. Chair, I oppose this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Arizona has 30 seconds remaining. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Chairman, I just want to point out the Navajo and the Hopi have indicated precisely what 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00186 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.187 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6451 July 17, 2018 
they want to do. They need the time to be able to recognize that there is a comprehensive plan for their future and the families that are impacted. It is not in place. Mr. Chair, I request that my amend-ment be accepted, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (O’Halleran). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Chair, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 28 OFFERED BY MR . HECK  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 28 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. HECK. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 67, line 12, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $500,000)(increased by $500,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. H
ECK) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Washington. Mr. HECK. Mr. Chairman, this is a straightforward amendment to ensure that the EPA is laser-focused on help-ing address the biggest source of water pollution in the United States: stormwater runoff. Stormwater runoff is what happens when rain falls—we get a lot of that in Washington State—and it flows across roofs, parking lots, and streets. As that rainwater heads on its way to rivers, lakes, and bays, it picks up all sorts of toxic, nasty stuff like metals, oils, fer-tilizers, and pesticides, just to name a few. Toxic stormwater has a direct effect on the health of our waterways and, more importantly, on our economy. Nowhere is that more clear, frankly, than in my home State of Washington and in the Puget Sound, which is, by water volume, the largest estuary in America. We actually have video of polluted stormwater literally killing salmon in a matter of hours—not days or weeks, but hours—and our endangered south-ern resident orcas, which we are on the verge of losing altogether, are harmed both by having fewer salmon to lunch on and by absorbing the pollutants di-rectly into their body. We have made a lot of progress in this country in dealing with point- source pollution, but stormwater run-off is a lot tougher to deal with now. It is a lot more decentralized, and there are a lot of jurisdictions involved. It is going to require a lot of improvement in water infrastructure over time. State and local governments are kind of stepping up to be sure to meet this challenge. They know the harms posed by stormwater, but their budgets are stretched thin. What they really need is a strong partner in the Federal Gov-ernment. That is part of why I am so glad the House just last night passed a com-panion bill to this, the Innovative Stormwater Infrastructure Act, on consent. It had strong, bipartisan sup-port. It creates a task force at EPA comprised of Federal, State, and local governments, along with nonprofit and private partners to develop rec-ommendations for finding some inno-vative ways to fund stormwater infra-structure. But the recommendations coming out of that task force won’t be very useful if we don’t know more precisely what and how big the need is. That is why the Clean Watersheds Needs Sur-vey is important. That is a survey that Congress actually required of the EPA to conduct under the Clean Water Act on a periodic basis. It is a comprehen-sive assessment of the outstanding need for stormwater and wastewater control facilities nationwide. We know there is a need. In my State alone, we estimate that stormwater runoff can be solved with a $19 billion, with a B, infrastructure investment over the next generation. The last survey that EPA did dates way back to 2012, and a lot has hap-pened since, a lot of water under the bridge, pun intended. To be clear, we are dealing with data that is 6 years old. In order to make sure our communities are able to deal with the problem, frankly, we need to have better and more current data. That is what this is about: good data, good science. This is what this amendment seeks to do by ensuring the Clean Watersheds Needs Survey is prioritized by the EPA, no new money, just prioritized to get that done as required under the law. It is, frankly, not that large of an expenditure to undertake. We have to make sure that the agen-cy is in fact using every tool in its toolbox to help our communities ad-dress stormwater. I will say it again: The number one leading cause of water pollution in America is stormwater. Of course, that starts with being able to have a full picture of the problem we face. Mr. Chairman, for this reason, I urge my colleagues to support the amend-ment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the gentleman’s amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I appre-ciate the interest in our Nation’s water infrastructure needs. Although this amendment does not do what the gentleman intends it to do, I think it is always important for Con-gress to have a clear understanding of what improvements need to be made to meet the quality goals of the Clean Water Act. Mr. Chairman, this is an amendment I can accept, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. HECK. Mr. Chair, however the chairman has journeyed to his conclu-sion, it is deeply appreciated. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes,’’ and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Washington (Mr. HECK). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 29 OFFERED BY MS . ADAMS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 29 printed in House Report 115–830. Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 68, line 9, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $742,000) (increased by $742,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. A
DAMS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from North Carolina. Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Chair, I offer this amendment to underscore the impor-tance of the EPA’s Environmental Jus-tice Program. H.R. 6147 cuts more than $700,000 in funding from this important program that has made an incredible difference in many communities across the coun-try, including in my State of North Carolina. The Environmental Justice Program supports and empowers communities as they work to address significant envi-ronmental and public health issues at the local level. b2215 In North Carolina, this program has provided funding for 13 different initia-tives since 2001, including the Environ-mental Justice Education and Re-search Center at Shaw University, which engages high school and college students in environmental justice re-search; the Healthy Homes Greensboro collaborative, which works to reduce housing-related asthma hospitaliza-tions in low-income, minority neigh-borhoods resulting from exposure to toxic chemicals; and Clean Energy Dur-ham, which runs a volunteer-driven, neighbor-to-neighbor energy education program for low-income residents of Lee County. Nationally, this program has helped do everything from cleaning contami-nated soil on reservations to managing oil spills from an abandoned power plant in Cleveland. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00187 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.189 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6452 July 17, 2018 
This program has had a measurable benefit for the people who live closest to pollution sites. This is crucially im-portant, as people of color and people with little means are often the most af-fected by environmental injustice. In fact, the environmental justice movement began in Warren County, North Carolina. In 1982, a small, pre-dominantly African American commu-nity in Warren County was designated to host a hazardous waste landfill. In response, the NAACP and others staged a massive protest. More than 500 civil rights activists were arrested during the nonviolent sit-in protesting the landfill. While their protests failed to prevent the landfill’s construction, it did spark a movement, and it has served as a model for fighting against environmental injustice since. The EPA’s Environmental Justice Program helps communities fight against these same forces. It works to ensure that no group of people should bear a disproportionate share of nega-tive environmental consequences from commercial operations or policies. H.R. 6147 cuts more than $700,000 in funding from this program, and that is unacceptable. Funding for this pro-gram should be increased, and substan-tially more than the $6.7 million that was appropriated in fiscal year 2018. Cutting out funding for this program neglects dozens of communities of color, subjecting them to filthy air, un-safe drinking water, and the health im-pacts that go along with that. This amendment simply highlights that fact and challenges that Congress must do better. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I appre-ciate my colleague’s desire to show ad-ditional support for a program impor-tant to her constituents. Unfortu-nately, the amendment does not do what she intends it to do; therefore, I must oppose the amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman, but I respectfully disagree with my colleague. The EPA’s Environmental Justice Program provides substantial help to communities directly affected by pollu-tion and negative environmental con-sequences. Too often, it is communities of color or low-income communities that are disproportionately affected by negative environmental effects. A study released this February by EPA scientists found that, in 46 States, communities of color are more likely to be exposed to higher levels of dan-gerous air pollution than White com-munities. Additionally, in 2012, a study by the NAACP found that coal-fired power plants are disproportionately concentrated near communities of color. Thankfully, the Environmental Jus-tice Program and their initiatives like the Environmental Justice Small Grants Program have helped to support and empower underserved communities across the Nation as they develop solu-tions to environmental pollution. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Ari-zona (Mr. G
OSAR ). Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chair, the Presi-dent’s budget request for fiscal year 2018 proposed eliminating the Environ-mental Justice Program. Also, the RSE budget supports Representative S
AM J
OHNSON ’s H.R. 958, the Wasteful EPA Programs Elimination Act of 2017, which, among other things, would eliminate the Environmental Justice Program. Mr. Chair, I ask for a ‘‘no’’ against this amendment. Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Chair, may I ask how much time I have remaining. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from North Carolina has 30 seconds re-maining. Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. M
CCOLLUM ). Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment. This amendment highlights the very need for more funding in the EPA’s Environ-mental Justice Program. As a Member of Congress, we should be appropriating adequate resources to ensure everyone—everyone—in this country enjoys the same degree of pro-tection from environmental health haz-ards. This is clearly another example of why the interior bill should not have received flat funding and 302(b) alloca-tion and the impact of not having a more transparent process. We should be standing up for our communities of color and for the chil-dren of color who are impacted by these hazardous pollutants to which they are subjected. Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. A
DAMS ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from North Carolina will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 30 OFFERED BY MR . SOTO 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 30 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: Page 68, line 9, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $468,000)(increased by $468,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. S
OTO) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Chairman, my amend-ment would increase funding for the National Estuary Program and Coastal Waterways Program by $468,000. It does so by removing and then reapplying $468,000 within the $2.4 billion appro-priation for the Environmental Pro-grams and Management Account with-in the Environmental Protection Agen-cy. This amendment is identical to an amendment I offered last year that passed this body by a voice vote, and I urge my colleagues to support this amendment again this year. Currently, the House Report accom-panying this bill calls for a funding level of $26,723,000. This amendment will restore funding to the level that passed the House for the last 2 years. This amendment is intended to in-crease funding for the National Estu-ary Program that protects and restores water quality and ecological integrity of estuaries of national significance. Currently, 20 estuaries located along the Atlantic, Gulf of Mexico, and Pa-cific Coasts and Puerto Rico are des-ignated as estuaries of national signifi-cance. Four of these estuaries are in my home State of Florida. This program is efficient at leveraging funds to increase estuaries’ ability to restore and protect eco-systems. The National Estuary Pro-gram has obtained more than $10 for every $1 provided by EPA, generating nearly $4 billion for on-the-ground ef-forts since 2003. This amendment will result in a real return on investment for the American people. With more than half the U.S. popu-lation living within 100 miles of the coast, including the shores of estuaries, this amendment will result in an en-hanced quality of life for those living along the coast, while maintaining a healthy ecosystem that supports en-dangered and threatened species. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I certainly appreciate the gentleman’s desire to show support for robust funding for the National Estuary Program. The FY19 bill provides $26.7 billion for the Na-tional Estuary Program, which is equal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00188 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.194 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6453 July 17, 2018 
to the FY18 enacted level. This is an amendment I can accept. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman from California for his sup-port, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. S
OTO). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 31 OFFERED BY MR . LANGEVIN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 31 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 68, line 9, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. Page 68, line 20, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. Page 71, line 11, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000)’’. Page 78, line 9, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
ANGEVIN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Rhode Island. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer my amendment to restore funding for the southern New England estuaries program. I plan to offer and withdraw this amendment in hopes that we can con-tinue this discussion and work out a solution that will continue support for this program that is deeply meaningful to our region. I am honored to be joined in this amendment by Congressmen C
ICILLINE , K
EATING , and K ENNEDY , all of whom know how important this EPA funding is to Rhode Island and Massachusetts. Mr. Chairman, estuaries support life. They are the fragile but vital eco-systems where saltwater and fresh-water mix together, and they support a robust number of species. In Rhode Is-land, these coastal and tidal areas pro-vide environmental balance, but they are increasingly threatened by human activity. We need to continue to sup-port their restoration, less they regress and become permanently damaged. Over the past several years, we have seen the success of EPA’s southern New England program. With projects since fiscal year 2014, these funds have helped protect and restore watersheds in the Narragansett Bay, Mount Hope Bay, and Buzzards Bay. They have sup-ported coastal areas in South County, Rhode Island, and along Cape Cod and the islands. The EPA’s geographic programs have worked in other parts of the country as well, from the Puget Sound to the Chesapeake Bay, and they are working in New England. Mr. Chairman, as I have said in the past, our estuaries are the lungs of our coastal areas. These EPA funds con-tinue to help our New England estu-aries recover and to thrive. While I plan to withdraw this amend-ment, I hope that Chairman CALVERT  and I can work together to preserve this needed program. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, will the gentleman yield? Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentleman from California. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I am happy to work with the gentleman as we go through this process. If we can find some additional funds as we move to conference, I will be more than happy to revisit this issue with the gentleman. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chair, I am grateful for the chairman’s comments, and I hope we can, as the gentleman said, work together on this, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. Chair, I withdraw the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. 
AMENDMENT NO . 32 OFFERED BY MS . JAYAPAL  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 32 printed in House Report 115–830. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 69, line 17, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $12,000,000) (increased by $12,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. J
AYAPAL ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Washington. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman and ranking mem-ber of the Appropriations Committee and the chair and ranking member of the Interior Subcommittee. Mr. Chair, today I rise to highlight the importance of the EPA’s Superfund Enforcement program. Around the country, communities are being put at risk by those who do not responsibly handle the waste that they actually create, and it can result in years of on-going damage, which leads to health complications and environmental deg-radation. The Superfund Enforcement program at the EPA was granted authority under the Comprehensive Environ-mental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act, or CERCLA, to enforce environmental cleanup laws that bring habitats and communities back from the brink in places where pollutants have seeped into the ground. One of the Superfund sites in my State is the Hanford site, which is a de-commissioned nuclear production com-plex next to the Columbia River. It was established as part of the Manhattan Project in 1943, and it was the location of the first full-scale plutonium pro-duction reactor. The site is massive, and its legacy not only includes its devastating role in World War II but also the environ-mental impacts in central Washington and beyond. b2230 The EPA has referred to the Colum-bia River as the ‘‘lifeblood of the Pa-cific Northwest,’’ and they are right. And it is why it is so crucial that we at the Federal Government do everything we can to clean up Hanford. Another Superfund site, this one in my district, is the Duwamish River, which was designated as a Superfund site in 2001. Over the course of many years, factory waste and household pol-lutants have run into the Duwamish, and the Duwamish air quality is the most toxic in our State. Water pollutants have affected our local fish and they have threatened the food supply and the fishing culture, particularly of those non-English speakers, Asian and Pacific Islanders, and people of multiracial backgrounds who depend on the river as a way of life. It has gotten so dangerous that the State and Federal Governments have actually issued a warning against the consumption of fish from the river. On average, community members in the Duwamish live an average of 8 years shorter than other King County resi-dents. The Superfund Enforcement program allows the Federal Government to as-sess locations like this from Wash-ington State to Washington, D.C., and determine who is responsible for clean-ing up these potentially devastating contaminants. By the numbers, Mr. Chairman, the Superfund Enforcement program has not only been incredibly successful, it has actually saved taxpayers money and leveraged a lot of money for us. According to the EPA, in fiscal year 2017, the agency reported that they re-duced, treated, or eliminated 217 mil-lion in pollution. During that same time, 245 million pounds of hazardous waste was treated, minimized, or prop-erly disposed of, and 416,000 people were protected by the enforcement of the Safe Drinking Water Act. Thanks to the Superfund Enforce-ment program, many of the bad actors who create the problems are actually responsible for cleaning them up, and we leverage a lot of the Federal Gov-ernment’s money. In fiscal year 2017, the amount committed by liable par-ties to clean up Superfund sites was $1.227 billion, which goes a long way to-ward ensuring that communities can be safe, healthy, and protected. While the funding levels in the 2019 bill are not as low as the President’s budget requested, I urge my colleagues to support continued funding in 2018 at the 2018 enacted level of $166 million or higher. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00189 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.196 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6454 July 17, 2018 
Mr. Chairman, I look forward to working with the chairman and the ranking member of the subcommittee to ensure that this program is mean-ingfully supported, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I just want to note that this bill provides $10 million above the President’s request for Superfund Enforcement and $12 mil-lion above the fiscal 2018 enacted level for the entire Superfund program. We attempted to find middle ground on en-forcement while also prioritizing on- the-ground cleanup efforts that returns land to productive uses. I certainly appreciate the gentle-woman’s support for the interest in the Superfund program, and while the amendment does not do as she intends, this amendment is something we are unable to support at this time. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Chairman, I yield 30 seconds to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. M
CCOLLUM ). Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I rise in great support of this amend-ment. Just last year, I dealt with a frightening situation in my district where a company abandoned its facil-ity, leaving dozens of vats of drums of cyanide and various assorted other toxic chemicals. This facility was in the middle of a residential neighbor-hood with some neighbors only living 15 feet from the facility. There is a legacy of abandoned waste sites that must be dealt with, and the cost far exceeds what we can fund in our bill. This flat funding that we have with the 302(b) allocation is something that the chairman knows I feel very strongly about, and I want to be on record of supporting this, and maybe we also need to include the reinstating of a Superfund tax. I thank the gentlewoman for the time. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Chairman, may I ask how much time I have left. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Washington has 1 minute remain-ing. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Chairman, I ap-preciate the gentleman’s remarks, and I did mention that I appreciated that there was more allocated than the President’s budget. I think the magnitude of the problem that we are dealing with and the hun-dreds of thousands of lives that are at stake in terms of who depends on the waterways that go through these Superfund sites is why I am asking the chairman if he might consider restor-ing the original level, which is, of course, more than was allocated. I do understand the challenges, but I think that these are historical harms that we are trying to correct and money that is leveraged substantially by the companies that create the waste, and it is because the Federal Government is putting money into these that we are able to do that. Mr. Chairman, I urge support of this amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Washington (Ms. JAYAPAL ). The amendment was rejected. The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 33, printed in House Report 115–830. 
AMENDMENT NO . 34 OFFERED BY MR . LAMALFA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 34 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 85, line 6, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(decreased by $5,000,000)’’. Page 85, line 25, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $4,500,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Chairman, my amendment today simply aims to in-crease funding to help combat illegal marijuana grow operations in our Na-tion’s national forests. Illegal mari-juana grows pose a significant threat to public safety as well as the environ-ment. According to the DEA, the majority of illegal marijuana production that occurs in Federal land is carried out by Mexican drug cartels. These cartels smuggle deadly weapons, illegal pes-ticides, and other dangerous materials across the border to grow illegal sub-stances on our public lands. Siskiyou County, in my district in northern California, has actually de-clared a state of emergency over the damage illegal marijuana production has caused to neighboring commu-nities, the surrounding environment— again, damage much beyond what any-body would ever accuse legal industries of, farming, timber, whatever—and they are using, again, banned chemi-cals in the process, damaging wildlife, the environment, water supply, across the board. While the majority of illegal grow ac-tivity occurs within California’s bor-ders, States across the country are also affected. Drug trafficking organiza-tions are operating on 72 national for-ests in 21 States throughout the coun-try. Our agencies need the funding and tools to take proactive steps to push back against this growing, large threat. According to the Forest Serv-ice, it would cost over $100 million over 5 years to reduce the spread of this problem in California alone. My amendment would increase fund-ing to the National Forest System ac-count by $4.5 million. Indeed, that is barely scratching the surface of what is truly needed, but it is a good start, and then we can fashion a pilot to show the good we can do over time. Mr. Chairman, I strongly support this amendment and urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘yes,’’ and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, this amendment would increase that reduc-tion and transfer $5 million to the Na-tional Forest System account, and as the gentleman explained, the funding would be used for the purpose of eradi-cating illegal marijuana growing oper-ations in the national forests, and that is something that I support. I know we work on it in Minnesota, and we have worked on it in our State forests. So I agree that this work is very important. I worked to ensure this funding was included in the fiscal year 2018 omnibus bill, so the funding is already provided, and now it is part of the program’s base. So the amendment, to me, is unnec-essary because the program is already funded, but the offset is also problem-atic. The Forest and Rangeland Re-search account fund does scientific re-search that informs policy and land management decisions regarding such issues as I know we all care about: wildfire, fuels research, invasive spe-cies, which also can, especially in our forests, lead to the forest being less healthy so they have less resilience to wildfire, and new, innovative ways to harvest forest products, which in my State and many States is very impor-tant. This amendment, I don’t think is in-tended to, but I do believe it could neg-atively impact bipartisan programs like the Forest Products Laboratory and the Forest Inventory Analysis pro-gram. So, as I mentioned, I am opposing this not because I don’t think we need to work on eradicating illegally grown marijuana in our public lands, but be-cause this program is already in part of the base, and the offset is problematic for many of the shared goals I think many of us in this body have. So with that, I oppose this amend-ment, and I currently don’t plan on speaking on it again. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Chairman, I do appreciate my colleague’s position there, but we are talking about, again, what the Forest Service says them-selves is a $100 million problem over 5 years, or $20 million per year. This would seek to boost that. If you saw the emergency situation, again, in areas like my district and ad-jacent, you would probably agree this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00190 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.201 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6455 July 17, 2018 
$4.5 million boost would be very impor-tant in order to get a good start at that. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
AL-
VERT ). Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman because this is somewhat personal to me. I appreciate the gentleman’s interest in this illegal marijuana cultivation in our national forests. One of the largest national forests in the State of California, Cleveland Na-tional Forest, is literally in my con-gressional district and right close to my house. We are always having prob-lems with people setting up illegal grow operations in the Cleveland Na-tional Forest. So this increase to reme-diate these sites is needed. I agree with the gentlewoman that these offsets are difficult, but I am pleased to offer my support for the gen-tleman’s amendment. Hopefully, we can get rid of some of this illegal mari-juana that is grown in these national forests. Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Chairman, may I ask how much time I have left. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California has 2 minutes remain-ing. Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Chairman, again, I appreciate the conversation here, but when you look at the depth and the danger of what is being brought into our States and my own part of north-ern California, my colleague in the Cleveland National Forest, this is an acute problem. The environmental damage is unspeakable with the amount of chemicals, the damage to the wildlife, and the threat this poses to people out there innocently hiking, camping, utilizing the forest or maybe for even logging operations. So we need to kick-start this as strongly as possible, and that is why I offer this amendment tonight in order to counter and send a message that we are taking this seriously where Federal employees, Federal agents have feared to tread in recent years because of this tremendous threat that the Mexican nationals and gang activity has caused in our national forests that belong to the people. So, again, I urge my colleagues to support this. It is an important start and weaves into so much with human trafficking, environmental destruction, and even, in some cases, murder associ-ated with the problems of the growth of this product in our national forests. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 35 OFFERED BY MR . WELCH  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 35 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. WELCH. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: Page 85, line 15, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. Page 85, line 15, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. W
ELCH ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Vermont. Mr. WELCH. Mr. Chairman, across the country, an invasive beetle known as the emerald ash borer has been wreaking havoc on ash trees. It was first discovered in 2002 in Michigan, but since then, it has spread to 33 States, killing millions of trees, inflicting se-vere harm on the forest products indus-try, and costing municipalities and property owners millions of dollars. b2245 Ash trees infested with the emerald ash borer suffer nearly 100 percent fa-tality rates over a 3- to 5-year period. At this point, there is no known effec-tive treatment. Earlier this year, the emerald ash borer was discovered in Vermont. While the discovery was not a surprise, the news is devastating. Forests are a central part of our economy, our landscape, and our way of life. It is going to be difficult to eradicate the pest, but there are steps we can take to contain its spread. Mr. Chairman, I thank the Appro-priations Committee, Mr. C
ARTER , and Ms. M
CCOLLUM for acknowledging the threat this invasive species poses. The report language accompanying the bill recommends a $19.5 million in-crease to forest health management under the State and private forestry account for addressing high-priority invasive species, pests, and diseases, in-cluding the emerald ash borer. I sup-port that increase. My amendment specifies that, of this amendment, at least $5 million should be used to help mitigate the spread of and eradicate the emerald ash borer. Ultimately, a successful response will require a strong partnership between Federal, State, and private sector stakeholders. This amendment is a good first step to ensure the Federal Government is doing its part. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for bringing this issue to our attention. Invasive species, pests, and diseases have wreaked havoc across the Nation and continue to do so. I know that the emerald ash borer has been a tremen-dous pest throughout a good part of our country, certainly in State and private forests also. We need to improve management in our forests, and we need those condi-tions to improve. So I am happy to ac-cept the gentleman’s amendment, and I hope we can reduce the emerald ash borer. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. WELCH. Mr. Chairman, I thank Mr. CARTER , I thank Ms. M CCOLLUM , and I thank the Appropriations Com-mittee for their support, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Vermont (Mr. W
ELCH ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 36 OFFERED BY MR . RUIZ 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 36 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Chairman, I rise as the designee of Congressman P
OLIS, and I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 85, line 15, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’. Page 90, line 3, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(decreased by $2,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
UIZ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of this bipartisan amend-ment with my colleagues Representa-tives P
OLIS, KING, and R ENACCI to sup-port the brave men and women who serve as volunteer firefighters. This commonsense amendment would add an additional $2 million for volun-teer fire assistance grants. These grants provide matching funds to local and rural volunteer fire departments to assist with training and the purchase of communications and safety equip-ment. California experienced one of the worst wildfire seasons in history last year, and this year is shaping up to be no different. Volunteer firefighters will provide nearly 80 percent of the initial defense of homes, businesses, and com-munities in the face of these fires be-fore reinforcement arrives. In my district, where we are under the constant threat of wildfire, depart-ments such as Idyllwild Fire Protec-tion District and the Riverside County Fire Department have benefited from the VFA grant program. These depart-ments provide fire protection services to dozens of rural communities in my district that are at a heightened risk of wildfire due to the sustained drought and heat California is experiencing. The volunteer firefighters who serve Idyllwild routinely overcome signifi-cant communications and topo-graphical challenges. Grant programs, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00191 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.203 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6456 July 17, 2018 
like volunteer fire assistance grants, help them respond quickly and effec-tively to fire emergencies. Throughout the rest of my district, interim Riverside Fire Chief Daniel Talbot has done an excellent job lead-ing the department and preparing for what is already an intense fire season. This week alone, several new fires have sprung up as triple-digit temperatures continue to create a tinderbox across the Western United States. Images of blackened cars and houses reduced to their foundations are already far too common, images we will, unfortu-nately, only continue to see more of. Despite this constant and recurrent threat, we still fail to treat fires like the devastating natural disasters that they are. The damage caused by wildfires in California, Colorado, and other States has been heartbreaking, and yet we still continue to underfund mitigation, suppression, and preven-tion efforts for these disasters. Any additional assistance we can provide to those on the front lines to keep our communities safe is our social responsibility to protect the common good, especially when volunteers risk their lives to save our lives without pay. Many of these departments who ben-efit from the VFA program operate in rural towns on shoestring budgets, so an additional $2 million will go a long way to helping them purchase critical extra equipment. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan amendment to give our firefighters the equipment and training they need to keep the pub-lic safe. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Ohio is recog-nized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the bipartisan amend-ment with Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. K ING, and Mr. R
UIZ. As a former volunteer firefighter, maintaining adequate funding for the volunteer fire assistance program is of particular importance to me. First re-sponders are pillars of our community, and it has been a privilege of mine to advocate for them in Congress. This program provides financial and technical assistance through grants to rural communities of less than 10,000 people that are matched by the com-munity or State on a 50–50 basis. Grant funding for this program can be used to obtain and repair equipment and im-prove fire protection capabilities. Ever more striking is that many of these rural fire departments often rely on volunteers. In fact, 70 percent of all firefighters are volunteers, over half of whom are found in rural communities. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment to provide these brave men and women the funds they need to adequately combat wildfires and protect our communities and treasured American landscape. Mr. CALVERT. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. RENACCI. I yield to the gen-tleman from California. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I certainly support this amendment. Mr. RUIZand I rep-resent the same area. Volunteer fire-fighters are extremely important, espe-cially in our rural areas, and this is something we all should support. Mr. Chairman, I am happy to accept the amendment. Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Chairman, re-claiming my time, this amendment would reallocate $2 million to the Inte-rior’s volunteer fire assistance program with six to eight volunteer firefighters. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Chairman, I certainly appreciate and thank my colleague, who has given his time in fighting fires in his capacity. I thank my colleagues, as well as the chairman and the ranking members for their work on this bipartisan bill. Mr. Chairman, once again, I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan and commonsense amendment to sup-port the volunteer firefighters who pro-tect our communities, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. R
UIZ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 37 OFFERED BY MR . CARBAJAL  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 37 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Chairman, I rise as the designee for Mr. P
OLIS of Colo-rado, and I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 86, line 5, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(decreased by $10,000,000)’’. Page 86, line 7, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ARBAJAL ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer amendment No. 37 on behalf of my colleague from Colorado, Rep-resentative P
OLIS. Mr. Chairman, as we continue to see global temperatures rise and extreme weather events like wildfires become more prevalent, it is imperative that Congress take action to help reduce these threats. This amendment would increase funds for hazardous fuels management activities by an additional $10 million in order to mitigate the threats of wildfires and help save lives. This program reduces dangerously high fuel loads and helps restore and improve the health and resiliency of our forests. Managing hazardous fuel loads is critical to protecting the American public from wildfires, providing for fire safety and preserving our Nation’s nat-ural resources. Fuel treatments pro-vide safer conditions and more stra-tegic options for firefighters. In the 2016 fiscal year, the Forest Service funded and helped conduct fuels treatment on more than 3.2 mil-lion high-priority acres nationwide. This included 2.1 million acres on areas with populated communities, high fire areas where the Forest Service could alleviate the risk more effectively. Assessments of fuels treatment effec-tiveness show that 91 percent of treat-ments were effective in changing fire behavior and/or helping to control wildfire. Despite this progress, the Forest Service estimates that there are mil-lions of acres at high risk of wildfires, including some that are adjacent to communities. We must make investments in haz-ardous fuels programs that have dem-onstrated effectiveness in reducing wildfire risk and continue to prioritize treatments in the highest priority areas to protect lives, property, and watersheds. As the Representative for the central coast in California, I can tell you that we are no strangers to wildfires. This year alone, my district witnessed the devastating impacts of the Thomas and Holiday fires. The Thomas fire became the largest fire in California history, burning near-ly 282,000 acres in Ventura County and Santa Barbara County, and later trig-gering mudslides that tragically claimed the lives of 23 individuals in my district. If we can take action to prevent wildfires, we should. We know it pays to be prepared. And we know that for every dollar spent on mitigation ac-tivities, we save $6 in return. Mr. POLIS’ amendment is a common-sense measure that would help provide sufficient funds to ensure that we are protecting lives and property from the threats of wildfires. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, cer-tainly, I agree with the gentleman that hazardous fuel reduction is something that is extremely important. That is why we provide for a $30 million in-crease from last year’s levels for haz-ardous fuel reduction in this bill. Second, the national forests are over-grown and prone to severe and cata-strophic fires, there is no doubt about 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00192 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.209 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6457 July 17, 2018 
it. Colorado, for instance, has already experienced a number of these fires this year, and, certainly, our home State of California is no different. We have had a number of fires, and we have fires going on at this very mo-ment. The timber program, which removes trees from these overgrown stands, sig-nificantly reduces the threat of cata-strophic fire. We went down a path in the early 1990s that many people in the mainstream environmental movement now realize is a mistake. We have now got out of that enterprise, and a lot of these forests, unfortunately, have over-grown and have bark beetle disease, so that now becomes hazardous fuel. Unfortunately, it wasn’t harvested in a responsible way earlier. Responsible harvesting of timber from the national forest is a necessary component of good forest and land management. b2300 So taking money from that account is the offset that I can’t support. But certainly, I do support hazardous fuel reduction, because, unfortunately, we have created a lot of it in our home State of California and throughout the West. So, unfortunately, I have to urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Chair, this amendment offsets the $10 million in-crease for fuels management by reduc-ing from the forest products. Unlike the forest products line item, which funds timber sales, the haz-ardous fuels program is focused exclu-sively on reducing wildfire risks and employs a wide range of tools, includ-ing prescribed fire, mechanical fuels re-duction, and thinning activities. Increasing funding for hazardous fuels management can save lives. And when we consider the priority of forest products versus the opportunity to thin these fuels, I think the priority is clear, for saving lives, for saving prop-erty, and saving our environment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. C
ARBAJAL ). The amendment was rejected. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair under-stands that amendment No. 38 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 39 OFFERED BY MR . GROTHMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 39 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 115, line 17, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $23,250,000)’’. Page 116, line 5, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $23,250,000)’’. Page 147, line 2, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $46,500,00)’’. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ROTHMAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin. 
MODIFICATION TO AMENDMENT NO . 39 OFFERED  
BY MR . GROTHMAN  
Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent to modify the amendment in the form I have placed at the desk. There was a minor change in the figure there. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Wisconsin? Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chairman, reserv-ing the right to object. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Maine is recognized on her res-ervation. Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chair, while I ap-preciate the request made is intended to correct an inadvertent drafting error, I am concerned that granting the gentleman’s request would legitimize a double standard being applied to unani-mous consent requests here on the House floor. For example, during consideration of the defense appropriation bill 3 weeks ago, Congresswoman J
ACKSON LEE sought to obtain a unanimous consent to correct just this sort of innocent drafting error in her amendment. The majority informed us that, while they had no problem trying to fix the error in some other less direct manner later in the process, they would object to doing so by unanimous consent. More importantly, just today, the ranking member of the Foreign Affairs Committee asked for and could not get unanimous consent to consider a reso-lution endorsing Speaker R
YAN’s own statement rebuking the President’s statements in Helsinki in which the President said that he takes the Rus-sians’ word over that of the U.S. intel-ligence community, and refused to con-demn the Russians’ attacks on our de-mocracy. If Democrats can’t even get unani-mous consent for that, endorsing a statement by the Speaker of the House, it starts to look like a partisan double standard for giving unanimous consent. Mr. Chair, I withdraw my reservation of objection. The Acting CHAIR. The reservation is withdrawn. The Clerk will report the modifica-tion. The Clerk read as follows: Modification to amendment No. 39 of-fered by Mr. G
ROTHMAN : 
Page 115, line 17, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $23,250,000)’’. Page 116, line 5, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $23,250,000)’’. Page 147, line 2, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $46,500,000)’’. 
Mr. GROTHMAN (during the read-ing). Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous con-sent to dispense with the reading of the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Wisconsin? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the original request of the gen-tleman from Wisconsin? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is modified. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chair, I will address the amendment. The purpose of this amendment is to try to make a small dent in what I consider to be the overall excessive spending that is going on here. In the year which we are currently in, we anticipate borrowing about 22 percent of the Federal budget. A few years ago, we had that number down to around 11 percent—and to a certain ex-tent because of the hurricanes, but to a certain extent not—we now are bor-rowing up to 22 percent. President Trump, at the time he originally submitted the budget for this time, which was before the budget agreement was reached, I think, antici-pated spending over $50 billion less than the amount that was spent in the last year. I tried to look at something to just give a little bit, a tip of the cap, to President Trump’s request. I think he is paying a lot more attention to the burden we are placing on our chil-dren and grandchildren than Congress collectively. And I looked at the National Endow-ment for the Arts and the National En-dowment for the Humanities. I am re-questing a 15 percent reduction in both of those numbers. It seems when you reduce anything else, it seems to plan that it is a matter of life and death, and horrible things are going to hap-pen. I like the arts. I don’t know if I like the humanities quite as much as the arts, but they are okay, too. But it is hard to believe, at a time when we are borrowing 22 percent of our overall budget, that a minor 15 percent cut in these two items would be inappro-priate. We are, right now, going up in the National Endowment of the Human-ities, hitting an all-time high this year, at the time of this huge deficit, and we are also increasing in the pro-posed budget the amount we are spend-ing on the humanities. It seems to me that these things, you could argue, are not necessarily a Fed-eral purpose at all. I am not like Presi-dent Trump was 2 years ago and trying to zero out these two lines altogether, but I think it is a little bit of an insult to our President, an insult to our chil-dren, an insult to our grandchildren to go up to high numbers on both these items. So the purpose of my amendment, a minor 15 percent reduction. There is still more in both these accounts than we had just a few years ago. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00193 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.211 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6458 July 17, 2018 
Mr. CALVERT. I certainly agree with the gentleman that we have a budget problem. I served on the Budget Com-mittee for a number of years and recog-nize the fact that we are spending too much money. However, if we take a look at the en-tire budget picture, nondefense discre-tionary accounts represent 16 percent of total Federal outlays. And if you take a look at the nondefense discre-tionary accounts, over the last number of years, we are pretty flat. We are pretty flat spending right now. I mean, even with this increase, even with this increase. However, this NEA-NEH program is something I can’t support. While I un-derstand, again, why the gentleman wants to save money, this amendment would have unintended consequence af-fecting the men and women who serve in the country in uniform, military veterans, their families, as well as Na-tive Americans, Alaska natives. We are putting a lot of this money in to help people get through their post- traumatic stress syndrome. This amendment would have devastating consequence on critical work for the National Endowment for the Arts at Walter Reed Medical Center, 11 other clinical sites across the country that are supporting therapy service. We have reformed the National En-dowment for the Humanities to make sure that we have low overhead, and that this money is getting out into the country. This money doesn’t go to New York or L.A. This goes out to the rural areas around the country that don’t have the benefit of large interest in arts. So I certainly urge Members to sup-port the innovative work the NEA and the NEH are providing our men and women in uniform, our veterans, and families. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Maine (Ms. P
IN-
GREE ). Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chairman, I too rise to speak in opposition to this amendment. The NEA and the NEH have strong, bipartisan support on this committee, and I had really hoped the days of at-tacking these agencies were behind us. Maybe they seem like a good political target for those who don’t understand the ways the arts and humanities af-fect our daily lives, but the economic benefits are undeniable for big cities, small towns, and everywhere in be-tween. The arts and culture industry con-tributes $764 billion to our economy every year, and the endowments are uniquely positioned to help smaller, rural areas, as you heard the Chair say, access that energy in a way that pri-vate capital can’t or won’t. And efforts to reach underserved communities are just as important. NEA’s Creative Forces program helps servicemembers and veterans manage TBI and PTSD through arts therapy. A cut would majorly impact the pro-gram’s reach. Similarly, NEH has funded the pop-ular veterans book clubs that use lit-erature that help process experiences in our military. I have been lucky to talk to some participants, and this is a deeply meaningful program that, again, is in jeopardy if this proposed cut moves forward. Frankly, all of this comes at a very small price tag. The NEA and NEH use minimal Federal investments. I will just end by saying this is an important way to create jobs, support families, and sustain communities in every Congressional district. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ). Mr. LANCE. I thank the chairman for his strong support of these pro-grams. I rise in opposition to the gentle-man’s amendment. Cuts to these pro-grams may be penny-wise, but I think they are pound-foolish. I am the Republican chair of both the Arts Caucus and the Humanities Cau-cus in this House, and these programs do wonderful work throughout the en-tire Nation, in every hamlet in Amer-ica and, of course, supporting our vet-erans. For every dollar the United States spends on Federal arts initiatives, nine non-Federal dollars are leveraged, gen-erating roughly $600 million in match-ing funds. Last year’s Federal arts ap-propriation was under $150 million, but the industry returned $10 billion to the Federal Treasury in income taxes. I understand the gentleman’s argu-ment about government spending and our national debt. I take these matters seriously and have opposed a recent measure in this body that will increase our national debt over the next decade. But on these programs, I trust that my colleagues from the Arts and Hu-manities Caucuses will expand on the incredible cultural and educational im-portance of supporting these programs as well. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amend-ment. Mr. GROTHMAN. Just a comment from the humble Congressman from Wisconsin. It was said that this is a small amount. I still think $300 million is a lot of money, okay? And we are only taking about $45 million out of that. We are leaving a lot behind. We are leaving—I don’t feel, at this time, with such a big debt, we should be set-ting the all-time high that we have ever put in the endowment for the hu-manities and higher than any other amount we have put in the arts for the last 8 years. And when I run for this job, I don’t find anybody running around saying that they have got a big crisis in this country. I have a lot of rural area. And we have got to spend a lot more money in Washington, we have got this big debt, on the arts and humanities. My local and municipal government are pleased to fund this. Philan-thropists are pleased to fund this, and even people without a lot of money like me are happy to fund it on our own. I request that the amendment pass and we make a little dent in this huge level of spending, and take a small amount out of here; not as much as President Trump, who cares so much about our children and grandchildren, wanted to take out, but at least a small 15 percent out due to our huge debt. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, can I in-quire how much time I have left? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California has 1 minute remain-ing. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, one thing I want to make a point of, and because obviously this deficit is a problem. Ev-erybody recognizes that. Seventy per-cent of all our spending today is non-discretionary spending, 70 percent. When I came to Congress 26 years ago it was 30 percent. Today those numbers have totally flipped. Now it is 30 per-cent discretionary, 70 percent nondis-cretionary. Of the discretionary account, half of that goes to defense. The other half goes to nondefense discretionary. No way are we ever going to balance the budget on nondefense discretionary spending. At some point, we all need to come together, Republicans, Demo-crats, the President, and come to a budget agreement. It has been tried be-fore and needs to be tried again. And the 70 percent of nondiscretionary spending has to be on the table and we have to bend those cost curves. We are not going to—and I dispute the fact that we are at an all-time high on NEH and the National Endowment for the Arts. In past years, those num-bers were quite higher. b2315 Those numbers have been cut down over the years, and we are trying to do the best we can on these discretionary accounts; but being what it will, this is not, I think, a wise cut. Money is going to every congressional district in the United States. Mr. Chair, I oppose this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment, as modified, offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ROTHMAN ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chair, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment, as modi-fied, offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 40 OFFERED BY MR . BEYER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 40 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00194 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.215 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6459 July 17, 2018 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 138, beginning on line 1, strike sec-tion 430. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, neither of the amendments that I offer tonight have much to do with the appropria-tions we are addressing. They are not about specific budget provisions, al-though I very much enjoyed listening to the many amendments tonight and am impressed with how often the dis-cussion has been cordial. Instead, this amendment seeks to preserve current Clean Water Act protections for our rivers, streams, and wetlands. Our Nation’s river systems and wet-lands provide irreplaceable resources: natural water quality improvement, flood protection, shoreline erosion con-trol, recreation, general aesthetic ap-preciation, and natural products for our use at no cost. Yet section 430 of this bill seeks to undermine the crit-ical balance between protecting these waters and the day-to-day operations of our Nation’s farmers, ranchers, and foresters. Under current law, you do not need a Clean Water Act permit if discharges of dredged or fill material are associated with normal farming, ranching, or silviculture activities. This exemption pertains to normal farming and har-vesting activities that are part of an established, ongoing farming or for-estry operation. Only when the activi-ties change or convert the use of a waterbody to a new purpose or impair the historic flow or reach of a stream or wetland does the exemption no longer apply. What this means is that farmers can continue to plow their fields, plant their seeds, and harvest their crops without ever having to obtain approval under the Clean Water Act; but if a farmer wants to use the current exemp-tion to convert his farmland into a res-idential development, he can’t do that unless he gets a permit. A rancher couldn’t use this exemp-tion to plow under a wetland to expand the reach of her grazing lands, and for-estry operations can’t use this exemp-tion to change the course of a local stream to improve drainage on their growing lands. Section 430 of this bill seeks to pro-vide an absolute exemption for impacts to any streams or wetlands that hap-pen to be on agricultural, ranching, or forestry lands. This is a fundamental change to the Clean Water Act and one where the impacts have never been ex-plored. This amendment would be a depar-ture from almost 40 years of implemen-tation of the Clean Water Act by elimi-nating the existing provision requiring that the exemptions are limited to es-tablished, ongoing farming practices. It could result in the loss or impair-ment of thousands of acres of valuable wetlands. Mr. Chairman, we shouldn’t be using an appropriations bill to change Fed-eral policy related to the protection of our Nation’s rivers and streams. To the best of my knowledge, no hearings or investigations on the impacts of this provision have ever been held. If Congress intended to overturn al-most 40 years of Clean Water Act precedent, regular order would require hearings before the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, which has sole jurisdiction over the Clean Water Act, and approval by that committee before consideration on the floor. Mr. Chairman, this rider is bad policy for the protection of our environment, for the protection of human health, and for the protection of public safety. Mr. Chair, I urge support for my amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Chair, I rise today in strong opposition to this amendment. My colleague today has labeled this language a loophole in the bill, which is false. A loophole is used to get around a law. The language he wants to strike requires EPA and Army Corps to follow the law. I ask once again my colleague, a friend of mine and a nice guy, to come visit us in northern California and meet with the farmers and ranchers who have seen firsthand this misuse and abuse of the Clean Water Act and to gain an understanding why this lan-guage is necessary. It is not theo-retical. This is regulatory overreach at its worst going on right now. The recapture provision of the Clean Water Act was never meant to swallow the original intent of the agricultural exemptions clearly laid out in the act, but that is exactly what has been hap-pening. If this amendment passes, it would only get worse. It was never the intention of the Clean Water Act to punish farmers for conducting normal farming practices, normal operations, such as plowing or doing stock pond maintenance, indeed, continuing what it is they have always done. There is a difference between filling a river and a difference between plowing the corner of a field. These exemptions were constructed to address that dif-ference. The ongoing expansion of enforce-ment, indeed, the reinterpretation of clear exemption, is not what has been going on for 40 years as asserted, but only in recent years under the previous administration have they reinterpreted these laws; otherwise, you wouldn’t have these farmers and others in such a fuss over what they have done for many decades. The ongoing expansion of enforce-ment of the Clean Water Act has chipped away at the rights of land-owners and has made it a danger to farmers to effectively utilize their own property—key word, ‘‘own.’’ This isn’t somebody else’s wetlands. This isn’t someone else’s habitat. This is land that belongs to farmers who have been practicing farming in the way they see fit for many years before this reinter-pretation. It is really ridiculous that a farmer must worry about being slapped with a fine in the millions of dollars just for plowing on their own land or a decision to rest that land, let it lie fallow, or wait for improved market conditions. In my district, there have been law-suits against residents for farming without Federal permission. Cases like these across the country have cost farmers millions of dollars—yes, mil-lions of dollars—in legal damages, and they risk running farmers out of busi-ness. I don’t know of many farmers who can absorb million-dollar fines very many times and continue doing what they are doing. If this amendment is not defeated, these damages to farm communities will only grow. America’s farmers and ranchers deserve our support. They de-serve to be able to make decisions about managing their land, managing their crops, have crop rotations that make sense to them for market condi-tions, or just allowing the land to rest without having to seek an onerous per-mit if they let their land rest for a cou-ple years, this without more regulatory ambiguity and red tape. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I tried to listen very carefully to my friend from northern California. Number one, I would love to come visit and talk to his farmers and his ranchers, with his permission and ac-companiment. Number two, I think if there is ad-ministrative misuse, if there is a rein-terpretation of a law that has been in place for 40 years, let’s address that. Let’s do that through the Department of the Interior. We have, I believe, from the gentleman’s perspective, a very friendly administration. Let’s make sure that they are implementing the law appropriately. By the way, I agree with the gen-tleman, it was never intended to pun-ish farmers. The gentleman’s northern California experience is different from ours here. My mom and dad both grew up on farms in northern Virginia, which are completely residential developments right now. We want to make sure that we don’t, with this rider, make it possible for a farmer to change from farming to sub-urbia without ever obtaining a permit, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00195 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.218 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6460 July 17, 2018 
and that is essentially what we have done. By the wholesale nature of this re-peal, of the nonstop to the exemptions, we essentially really shortcut the Clean Water Act. I urge us to look for a middle ground solution that answers the needs of farmers without opening wide this ex-emption for any farming, ranching, or grazing activity, forestry activity that might result in this full repeal. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Chair, indeed, I appreciate my colleague’s comments and thoughts on this. We are not talking about conversion to suburbia. We are talking about a re-institution of a crop that may have been lying fallow for a few years or changing from a crop such as a hay crop to wheat. Indeed, one of my growers up north got in big trouble because they wanted to put in a wheat crop on their own land, which isn’t wetlands unless we want to start reinterpreting that way by EPA working with their henchmen in the Army Corps, basically out of the Sacramento office, to keep coming after him and finding more and more people. This puts more wind in their sails to come after people who are making an honest living, not trying to develop houses or suburbia. Indeed, I would agree with the gen-tleman on that. And that is going to require a fairly difficult permit proc-ess, especially in my home State of California, if you want to start turning this ag land into suburbia. It is not what we are after. There was a farm bill some years ago called the Freedom to Farm. What has happened to that? What has happened to that concept? With clear exemptions in the Clean Water Act for normal farming prac-tices, not new interpretations that have been put in place in the previous administration we are still trying to unwind and get their attention on, that is why this amendment would be dam-aging towards that effort. It is not a fight over clean water; it is a fight over Federal control. They never intended for this. It is unfortunate I have to even be here today to defend simply requiring the bureaucrats to follow the law and the clear exemptions that were put in place under the Clean Water Act. Activities of the EPA and Army Corps of Engineers go above the law to impose these requirements, again, sig-nificantly expanding the jurisdiction of the Clean Water Act, which clearly ex-ceeds congressional intent when they passed the Clean Water Act 40-plus years ago. Mr. Chair, again, I strongly oppose this amendment, and I urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ). The amendment was rejected. AMENDMENT NO . 41 OFFERED BY MR . BEYER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 41 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 138, beginning on line 10, strike sec-tion 431. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, my amendment would strike section 431, which repeals the current Clean Water Rule. Without this Clean Water Rule, the streams that supply public drinking water systems to one in three Ameri-cans will remain at risk. Mr. Chairman, everyone agreed that clarity was needed in light of the Su-preme Court decisions in 2001 and 2006 that created uncertainty about the scope of waters protected under the Clean Water Act. Calls for EPA to issue a rule even came from such organiza-tions as the National Cattlemen’s Beef Association, the American Farm Bu-reau Federation, the Western Business Roundtable, and the National Associa-tion of Manufacturers. The EPA and the Corps solicited comments to clarify the scope of waters protected under the Clean Water Act, and that included a lengthy and inclusive public rulemaking proc-ess that included over 200 days for pub-lic comment. The comment period was even extended twice in response to ex-tension requests. The final rule reflected over 1 million public comments in the proposal, the overwhelming majority of which sup-ported the Clean Water Rule. They had 400 meetings across the Nation with various stakeholders. The final Clean Water Rule was ro-bust and ensured that water sources were protected by taking into account the connected systems of water, from wetlands and seasonal bodies of water to large rivers and lakes. The requirements of the rule were meticulously developed and addressed longstanding uncertainty, improving our national commitment to protect not only America’s water, but the American people. About 117 million Americans get drinking water from streams that were vulnerable to pollution before this new Clean Water Rule. Our health and our lives depend on clean water, our econ-omy depends on clean water. Mr. Chairman, what is unusual is the Trump administration is already work-ing to replace, revise the 2015 rule, so I am baffled why this rider is necessary. Does the rider mean the Republican Party can’t trust its own EPA to write the rule to their requirements? So I stand here today to denounce this unnecessary rider and to defend clean water for the American people. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. b2330 Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, with the change of administrations, we were able to reduce the number of issues ad-dressed in this bill, but some issues warrant continued congressional atten-tion. WOTUS is one of them. Deciding how water is used should be the responsibility of State and local of-ficials who are familiar with the people and the local issues. Under the WOTUS rule, however, the reach of the Federal jurisdiction would be so broad that it would significantly restrict a land-owner’s ability to make decisions about their property and a local gov-ernment’s right to plan for its own de-velopment. The language in the underlying bill simply repeals the misguided WOTUS rule and clarifies what rules will be in effect until a new rule is finalized, spe-cifically, the same rules that were in effect immediately prior to the pro-mulgation of the final WOTUS rule. WOTUS is an issue that warrants continued congressional attention and the provision in the underlying bill is the appropriate action to take. For these reasons, I must urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I cer-tainly respect the opinion of the chair, but I do take issue with the notion that it is a misguided WOTUS rule. There were 1 million comments, 400 meetings, and I served on the Science, Space, and Technology Committee and National Resources Committee in the last 2 years of the Obama administration when EPA Administrator Gina McCar-thy came to us and said that after the original publication of the intended new clean water rule, there was so much feedback that she went back to the drawing board for another year of hearings and comments to address the many concerns that were raised by farmers, cattlemen, and others, most of which were resolved at the time. Mr. Chair, I respect the notion that a new administration has the right to go through the same process, the same hearings, and the same public comment to modify the rule to evolve it as we move forward. But to just throw out the old rule by a rider to an appropria-tions bill, seems the wrong way to make law, the wrong way to govern. Mr. Chair, I encourage my few col-leagues here at a little bit before mid-night to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this amend-ment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00196 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.220 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6461 July 17, 2018 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ). The amendment was rejected. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. L
ANCE ) having assumed the chair, Mr. B
UDD, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 6147) making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, envi-ronment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
f 
SUPPORTING ICE (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my support for an agency that works extremely hard to keep our country safe, and that is Im-migration and Customs Enforcement, known as ICE. While some on the other side of the aisle have called for ICE to be abol-ished—yes, that is not a joke, and in-deed, have proposed a bill that they are now running away from, they failed to put their money where their mouth is on the issue when their bluff was called. ICE is, in fact, one of the most im-portant components of our country’s interior law enforcement. Without them, even the most modest level of border security would be difficult. In 2017 alone, the numbers are staggering: 226,119 illegal aliens removed; 32,598 Homeland Security criminal arrests; 4,818 gang arrests, including 796 MS–13 members; and 2,370 pounds of the very dangerous fentanyl drugs seized, which only a small amount is very dangerous to thousands of people. The statistics should speak for them-selves. ICE is critical for our country and its law enforcement. We should be doing everything we can to support them instead of threatening and abol-ishing an agency that works around the clock to protect our borders and our interior from these great threats. We should appreciate this branch of law enforcement, not try and run it out of town. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 11 o’clock and 35 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, July 18, 2018, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 5634. A letter from the Under Secretary, Personnel and Readiness, Department of De-fense, transmitting a letter authorizing five (5) officers to wear the insignia of the grade of rear admiral or rear admiral (lower half), pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 777(b)(3)(B); Public Law 104-106, Sec. 503(a)(1) (as added by Public Law 108-136, Sec. 509(a)(3)); (117 Stat. 1458); to the Committee on Armed Services. 5635. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Vice Admiral Her-man A. Shelanski, United States Navy, and his advancement to the grade of vice admiral on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96-513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104-106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 5636. A letter from the Under Secretary, Personnel and Readiness, Department of De-fense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Edward C. Cardon, United States Army, and his ad-vancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96-513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104-106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 5637. A letter from the Director, Office of Management and Budget, transmitting a supplemental update of the Budget for Fiscal Year 2019, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 1106(a); Pub-lic Law 97-258, Sec. 1106(a); (96 Stat. 911) (H. Doc. No. 115—140); to the Committee on the Budget and ordered to be printed. 5638. A letter from the Director, Direc-torate of Standards and Guidance, OSHA, Department of Labor, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Revising the Beryl-lium Standard for General Industry [Docket No.: OSHA-2018-0003] (RIN: 1218-AB76) re-ceived July 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 5639. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, U.S. Nuclear Regu-latory Commission, transmitting the Com-mission’s final rule — Miscellaneous Correc-tions [NRC-2018-0086] (RIN: 3150-AK13) re-ceived July 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5640. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17-093, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5641. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17-108, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5642. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 18-035, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5643. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. RSAT-18-6183, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 3(d) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5644. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification pursuant to the reporting requirements of Sec. 36(c) and 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 17-130; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 5645. A letter from the Deputy White House Liaison, Department of Education, transmit-ting a notification of an action on nomina-tion and a discontinuation of service in act-ing role, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5646. A letter from the Deputy White House Liaison, Department of Education, transmit-ting a notification of an action on nomina-tion and a discontinuation of service in act-ing role, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5647. A letter from the Director, Office of Departmental Equal Employment Oppor-tunity, Department of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting the Depart-ment’s Fiscal Year 2017 annual report, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107-174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109-435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5648. A letter from the Director, Office of Management and Budget, Executive Office of the President, transmitting the Statistical Programs of the Unites States Government: Fiscal Year 2018 report, pursuant to the Pa-perwork Reduction Act of 1995; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 5649. A letter from the Executive Sec-retary, U.S. Agency for International Devel-opment, transmitting two notifications of designation of acting officer and nomination, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105- 277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 5650. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Atlantic Bluefin Tuna Fisheries [Docket No.: 150121066-5717-02] (RIN: 0648- XF699) received July 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 5651. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Atlantic Bluefin Tuna Fisheries [Docket No.: 150121066-5717-02] (RIN: 0648- XF805) received July 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 5652. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Bluefish Fishery; Quota Transfer [Docket No.: 151130999-6594-02] (RIN: 0648-XF821) received July 5, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 5653. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Herring Fishery; Ad-justment to the Atlantic Herring Manage-ment Area 1A Annual Catch Limit [Docket 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00197 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.223 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6462 July 17, 2018 
No.: 151215999-6960-02] (RIN: 0648-XF774) re-ceived July 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 5654. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Summer Flounder Fishery; Commercial Quota Harvested for the State of Rhode Island [Docket No.: 161017970-6999-02] (RIN: 0648-XF814) received July 5, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 5655. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Summer Flounder Fishery; Quota Transfer [Docket No.: 161017970-6999-02] (RIN: 0648-XF879) received July 6, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 5656. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Northeast Skate Complex; Adjustment to the Skate Wing Inseason Pos-session Limit [Docket No.: 160301164-6694-02] (RIN: 0648-XF883) received July 6, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 5657. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Summer Flounder Fishery; Commercial Quota Harvested for the State of New Jersey [Docket No.: 161017970-6999-02] (RIN: 0648-XF856) received July 6, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 5658. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Summer Flounder Fishery; Quota Transfer [Docket No.: 170828822-70999- 02] (RIN: 0648-XG001) received July 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 5659. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Summer Flounder Fishery; Quota Transfer [Docket No.: 170828822-70999- 02] (RIN: 0648-XG063) received July 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 5660. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Atlantic Bluefin Tuna Fisheries [Docket Nos.: 120328229-4949-02 and 150121066- 5717-02] (RIN: 0648-XG140) received July 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 5661. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Atlantic Bluefin Tuna Fisheries [Docket No.: 150121066-5717-02] (RIN: 0648- XF868) received July 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 5662. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting the Department’s determination on a petition filed on behalf of workers at the Feed Materials Production Center in Fernald, Ohio, to be added to the Special Ex-posure Cohort (SEC), pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 7384q(c)(2); Public Law 106-398, Sec. 1 (as amended by Public Law 108-375, Sec. 3166(b)(1)); (118 Stat. 2188); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 5663. A letter from the Controller, National Society Daughters of the American Revolu-tion, transmitting the Audited Financial Statements of NSDAR for the Fiscal Year ended December 31, 2017, pursuant to Public Law 88-504 (36 U.S.C. 1102); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 5664. A letter from the Under Secretary, Comptroller, Department of Defense and the Director of National Intelligence, transmit-ting a letter presenting the views of the In-telligence Community and the Department of Defense on Sec. 1002 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019; jointly to the Committees on Armed Serv-ices and Intelligence (Permanent Select). f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 6138. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for ambulatory surgical center representa-tion during the review of hospital outpatient payment rates under part B of the Medicare program, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–831, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 4952. A bill to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to conduct a study and submit a report on the effects of the inclusion of quality increases in the determination of blended benchmark amounts under part C of the Medicare pro-gram with an amendment(Rept. 115–832, .Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 1482. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Agriculture to maintain or replace certain facilities and structures for commercial recreation services at Smith Gulch in Idaho, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–833). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. NEWHOUSE: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 1001. Resolution providing for consideration of the concurrent resolu-tion (H. Con. Res. 119) expressing the sense of Congress that a carbon tax would be detri-mental to the United States economy (Rept. 115–834). Referred to the House Calendar. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Energy and Commerce discharged from further consideration. H.R. 4952 referred to the Committee of the Whole House, on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Energy and Commerce discharged from further consideration. H.R. 6l38 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. COFFMAN: H.R. 6393. A bill to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to provide for internet open-ness requirements for broadband internet ac-cess service providers, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Mr. ROE of Tennessee: H.R. 6394. A bill to amend the Food and Nu-trition Act of 2008 to require that supple-mental nutrition assistance benefits be used to purchase only supplemental foods that are eligible for purchase under section 17 of the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 (commonly known as the WIC program); to the Com-mittee on Agriculture. By Ms. D
ELBENE (for herself, Mr. K
IND, Mr. T HOMPSON of California, and Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama): H.R. 6395. A bill to amend the Trade Act of 1974 to provide adjustment assistance to cer-tain workers adversely affect by reduced ex-ports resulting from tariffs imposed as retal-iation for United States tariff increases, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. SCHNEIDER: H.R. 6396. A bill to amend the Trade Act of 1974 to provide adjustment assistance to firms adversely affect by reduced exports re-sulting from tariffs imposed as retaliation for United States tariff increases, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. POSEY: H.R. 6397. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to establish a new status for certain tax-exempt organizations with administrative expenses not exceeding 25 percent of contributions; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. NORMAN (for himself, Mr. D
UNN, Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana, Mr. S
MITH of Texas, Mr. L UCAS , Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. R
OHRABACHER , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. B
ABIN, Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. B
IGGS, Mr. M ARSHALL , and Mrs. L
ESKO ): H.R. 6398. A bill to authorize the Depart-ment of Energy to conduct collaborative re-search with the Department of Veterans Af-fairs in order to improve healthcare services for veterans in the United States, and for other purpose; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and in addition to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. BIGGS (for himself, Mr. S
MITH of Texas, Mr. L
UCAS , Mr. N ORMAN , Mr. R
OHRABACHER , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. B ABIN, Mr. H IG-
GINS of Louisiana, Mrs. L ESKO , Mr. H
ULTGREN , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. W EB-
STER of Florida, Mr. M ARSHALL , Mr. D
UNN, Mr. W ESTERMAN , and Mr. M
OOLENAAR ): H.R. 6399. A bill to direct that certain as-sessments with respect to toxicity of chemi-cals be carried out by the program offices of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:08 Oct 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00198 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\JULY\H17JY8.REC H17JY8abonner on DSKBCJ7HB2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6463 July 17, 2018 
the Environmental Protection Agency, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. By Mrs. LESKO (for herself, Mr. M
CCAUL, Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. G
OSAR , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. B
ACON , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. S
CHWEIKERT , Ms. M
CSALLY , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. D
ONOVAN , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. H
IGGINS of Louisiana, and Mr. Z
ELDIN ): H.R. 6400. A bill to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to conduct a threat and operational analysis of ports of entry, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. M
CCAUL (for himself, Mr. C
HABOT , and Mrs. H ARTZLER ): H.R. 6401. A bill to assist the Department of Homeland Security in preventing emerg-ing threats from unmanned aircraft and ve-hicles, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Transportation and In-frastructure, and Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. ROYCE of California1 (for him-self and Mr. B
LUMENAUER ): H.R. 6402. A bill to extend the National Flood Insurance Program, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. By Mr. BUDD: H.R. 6403. A bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to modify the beneficial owner-ship requirements by creating an exception for certain accounts; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Ms. D
ELBENE (for herself and Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington): H.R. 6404. A bill to amend the Agricultural Research, Extension, and Education Reform Act of 1998 to provide for a set aside for small fruits in the specialty crop research initiative, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. DENHAM (for himself, Mr. C
AL-
VERT , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. M CCLIN-
TOCK , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. M CCARTHY , Mr. I
SSA, Mr. H UNTER , Mr. T HOMPSON  of California, Ms. M
ATSUI , Mr. B ERA, Mr. M
CNERNEY , Ms. L EE, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. C
OSTA , Mr. K HANNA , Ms. E SHOO , Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. P ANETTA , Ms. J UDY C
HUof California, Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. A
GUILAR , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. G
OMEZ , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. R UIZ, Ms. B
ASS, Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. N UNES , Mr. H
UFFMAN , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. C OOK, Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. K
NIGHT , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. S
CHIFF , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. R OYCE of California, Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California, Mr. C
ORREA , Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California, Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. V
ARGAS , and Mr. P ETERS ): H.R. 6405. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2801 Mitchell Road in Ceres, California, as the ‘‘Lance Corporal Juana Navarro Arellano Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Ms. FRANKEL of Florida (for her-self, Mr. P
OEof Texas, Mr. N ADLER , Mrs. COMSTOCK , and Ms. B LUNT ROCH-
ESTER ): H.R. 6406. A bill to deter, prevent, reduce, and respond to harassment in the workplace, including sexual harassment, sexual assault, and harassment based on protected cat-egories; and to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the tax treatment of amounts related to employment discrimina-tion and harassment in the workplace, in-cluding sexual harassment, sexual assault, and harassment based on protected cat-egories; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Com-mittees on Ways and Means, Financial Serv-ices, House Administration, Oversight and Government Reform, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. GARRETT (for himself, Mr. P
ETERSON , Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. W ITT-
MAN, Mr. W ALZ, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , and Ms. S
TEFANIK ): H.R. 6407. A bill to require the Adminis-trator of General Services to transfer certain surplus computers and technology equip-ment to nonprofit computer refurbishers for repair and distribution, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. KEATING (for himself and Ms. S
TEFANIK ): H.R. 6408. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize inter-national cooperative activities to strengthen efforts relating to countering violent extre-mism, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. L
AMALFA (for himself, Mr. P
OSEY , Ms. T ENNEY , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. G
ROTHMAN , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. A
LLEN , Mr. L AMBORN , and Mr. T
IPTON ): H.R. 6409. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide inscriptions for spouses and children on certain headstones and markers furnished by the Secretary; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico (for herself, Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. J UDY C
HUof California, Mr. C OHEN , Ms. D
EGETTE , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE  of Pennsylvania, Mr. E
VANS , Ms. E
SHOO , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. G
OMEZ , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. H
UFFMAN , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. K IHUEN , Mr. K IND, Ms. L
EE, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. B ENRAY L
UJA´Nof New Mexico, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. M
CNERNEY , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. M
CEACHIN , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALO-
NEY of New York, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. O’R
OURKE , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P OLIS, Ms. R
OSEN , Mr. R USH, Ms. R OYBAL - A
LLARD , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S IRES, Mr. S
ERRANO , Ms. S PEIER , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. S
OTO, Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. S
ABLAN , Ms. T SON-
GAS, Ms. T ITUS, Mrs. T ORRES , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , and Ms. C ASTOR of Florida): H.R. 6410. A bill to provide for the adminis-tration of certain national monuments, to establish a National Monument Enhance-ment Fund, and to establish certain wilder-ness areas in the States of New Mexico and Nevada; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. PERLMUTTER (for himself and Mr. PEARCE ): H.R. 6411. A bill to amend the duties of the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN) to ensure FinCEN works with Trib-al law enforcement agencies, protects against all forms of terrorism, and focuses on virtual currencies; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida: H.R. 6412. A bill to amend the National Labor Relations Act to permit employers to unilaterally cease to deduct from the em-ployee’s paycheck dues owed by the em-ployee to a labor organization when the agreement establishing such a deduction ex-pires and to allow employees to cancel such deductions at any time; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. TROTT (for himself and Mr. D
EUTCH ): H.R. 6413. A bill to combat trafficking in human organs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. SESSIONS (for himself, Ms. G
RANGER , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. C
ULBERSON , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. C
ONAWAY , Mr. B ARTON , Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. P OSEY , Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah, Mr. S
MUCKER , Mr. R UTHERFORD , Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida, Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. F
LEISCHMANN , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. L
UETKEMEYER , Mr. G IANFORTE , Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. B ERGMAN , Mr. T
HORNBERRY , and Mr. W ALBERG ): H. Con. Res. 129. Concurrent resolution rec-ognizing the significance of the parsonage al-lowance to the Nation’s religious and spir-itual communities; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. ENGEL: H. Res. 999. A resolution expressing agree-ment with the statements of the Speaker of the House of Representatives made on July 16, 2018, regarding Russian Federation inter-ference in the 2016 United States elections and related matters; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS: H. Res. 1000. A resolution electing a Mem-ber to certain standing committees of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. By Mr. NORMAN: H. Res. 1002. A resolution expressing con-gratulations to the towns of Camden, Be-thune, Elgin, and Kershaw County, South Carolina, for being named 1 of 10 All-Amer-ican Cities winners; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XIl of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. COFFMAN: H.R. 6393. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00199 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L17JY7.100 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6464 July 17, 2018 
By Mr. ROE of Tennessee: H.R. 6394. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The authority enumerated in Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution By Ms. D
ELBENE: H.R. 6395. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. SCHNEIDER: H.R. 6396. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. POSEY: H.R. 6397. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 18 of the United States Constitution To amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to establish a new status for certain tax- exempt organizations with administrative expenses not exceeding 25 percent of con-tributions. By Mr. NORMAN: H.R. 6398. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. By Mr. BIGGS: H.R. 6399. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. By Mrs. LESKO: H.R. 6400. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Alticle 1, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers vested by this Constitution in the Gov-ernment of the United States or in any De-partment or Officer thereof. By Mr. M
CCAUL: H.R. 6401. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. By Mr. ROYCE of California: H.R. 6402. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause 1 (relating to the general welfare of the United States); and, Article I, section 8, clause 3 (relating to the power to regulate interstate commerce). By Mr. BUDD: H.R. 6403. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 3, providing the power to regulate ‘‘commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states.’’ By Ms. DELBENE: H.R. 6404. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. DENHAM: H.R. 6405. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 Clause 1 Clause 7 Clause 18 By Ms. FRANKEL of Florida: H.R. 6406. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution By Mr. GARRETT: H.R. 6407. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. By Mr. KEATING: H.R. 6408. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. L
AMALFA: H.R. 6409. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico: H.R. 6410. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. PERLMUTTER: H.R. 6411. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida: H.R. 6412. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. TROTT: H.R. 6413. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 120: Mr. H ARRIS . H.R. 173: Mr. G
ALLAGHER , Mr. H OLDING , and Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN . H.R. 184: Mr. T
AYLOR . H.R. 592: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 632: Mr. H
ARRIS and Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 719: Mrs. L
ESKO . H.R. 754: Mrs. B
LACK , Mr. T AYLOR , Ms. B
ASS, Mr. M ARINO , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. S
ABLAN , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. L AWSON of Florida, and Mr. K
ILDEE . H.R. 790: Mr. B
EYER . H.R. 850: Mrs. L
ESKO . H.R. 972: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 1038: Mr. B
IGGS. H.R. 1171: Mr. C
HABOT , Mrs. L AWRENCE , and Ms. F
UDGE . H.R. 1223: Mr. V
ISCLOSKY . H.R. 1318: Mr. FLEISCHMANN and Mr. R UTH-
ERFORD . H.R. 1377: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 1378: Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 1511: Mr. C
LAY. H.R. 1542: Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana, Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. F OSTER , and Mr. G
ARAMENDI . H.R. 1552: Mr. H
UIZENGA and Mr. C
RAWFORD . H.R. 1651: Ms. F
UDGE and Mr. S IRES. H.R. 1661: Mr. C
URTIS . H.R. 1881: Mr. F
ERGUSON and Mr. B URGESS . H.R. 1904: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 2101: Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 2273: Mr. L
OEBSACK . H.R. 2315: Mr. R
OHRABACHER and Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 2345: Mr. G
RIFFITH , Ms. D ELBENE, Miss R
ICEof New York, Mr. W ALDEN , and Mr. E
MMER . H.R. 2416: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 2421: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 2452: Mrs. H
ARTZLER and Mr. R UIZ. H.R. 2477: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 2589: Mr. S
MITH of Washington and Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 2640: Mr. S
OTOand Mr. Q UIGLEY . H.R. 2841: Miss R
ICEof New York, Ms. M
ENG, and Mr. T ONKO . H.R. 2911: Mr. K
NIGHT . H.R. 2946: Mr. L
ONG. H.R. 2965: Mr. B
ILIRAKIS . H.R. 2976: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida. H.R. 3032: Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER and Mr. H
URD. H.R. 3113: Mr. E
SPAILLAT . H.R. 3148: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 3325: Ms. E
STY of Connecticut, Mr. W
ALBERG , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. K USTOFF of Ten- nessee, and Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 3608: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. B
IGGS, and Mr. P ERRY . H.R. 3635: Mr. W
ESTERMAN . H.R. 3671: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 3866: Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 3976: Mr. D
UNN. H.R. 4138: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 4143: Mr. B
UTTERFIELD and Ms. M
CSALLY . H.R. 4206: Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana and Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4215: Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 4253: Mrs. D
INGELL . H.R. 4256: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 4271: Mrs. T
ORRES . H.R. 4483: Mr. N
ORMAN . H.R. 4556: Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H.R. 4691: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 4693: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 4777: Mrs. W
AGNER . H.R. 4881: Mr. W
ALDEN . H.R. 4888: Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of Cali- fornia. H.R. 4897: Mr. E
VANS , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Mr. M
CKINLEY , Mr. P OCAN , and Mr. S ESSIONS . H.R. 4973: Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 4985: Mr. C
ONAWAY . H.R. 5003: Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 5107: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 5141: Ms. N
ORTON and Mr. G OHMERT . H.R. 5199: Mrs. L
ESKO . H.R. 5281: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK . H.R. 5291: Mr. S
IRES and Mr. R YANof Ohio. H.R. 5306: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 5417: Mr. W
ITTMAN . H.R. 5517: Mr. W
ITTMAN . H.R. 5595: Mr. C
OMER . H.R. 5621: Mr. B
ARTON and Ms. E SHOO . H.R. 5634: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 5637: Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 5640: Mr. B
ARLETTA and Mr. G
ROTHMAN . H.R. 5671: Mr. N
ORCROSS , Mr. E NGEL , and Mr. J
EFFRIES . H.R. 5701: Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00200 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.076 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6465 July 17, 2018 
H.R. 5822: Ms. B ARRAGA ´N. H.R. 5864: Mr. W
ESTERMAN and Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS . H.R. 5899: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. D
ONOVAN , and Mrs. L AWRENCE . H.R. 5903: Mr. F
ERGUSON . H.R. 5915: Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 5922: Mr. K
INGof New York. H.R. 5948: Mr. P
ERRY . H.R. 5949: Mr. P
ERRY . H.R. 5958: Mr. C
RAWFORD . H.R. 5988: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio and Mr. C
RAWFORD . H.R. 6011: Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 6013: Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi. H.R. 6014: Mr. T
ROTT , Mr. B OST, Mr. F ASO, Mr. D
ONOVAN , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. M
CKINLEY , and Mr. A BRAHAM . H.R. 6016: Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas and Mr. H
IGGINS of New York. H.R. 6034: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida. H.R. 6076: Mrs. L
AWRENCE . H.R. 6080: Mr. L
EVIN, Mr. S HERMAN , and Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland. H.R. 6081: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia. H.R. 6097: Mr. G
RIJALVA . H.R. 6108: Mr. W
ITTMAN . H.R. 6113: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 6137: Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. R UIZ, Ms. H
ANABUSA , and Mr. C ORREA . H.R. 6159: Mr. G
IANFORTE . H.R. 6178: Mr. W
ITTMAN . H.R. 6219: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 6239: Ms. T
SONGAS , Ms. F UDGE , and Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 6249: Ms. J
UDY CHUof California and Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 6263: Mr. DESJARLAIS , Mrs. B LACK -
BURN , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. K
USTOFF of Tennessee. H.R. 6275: Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN and Ms. E STY of Connecticut. H.R. 6280: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana and Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 6288: Mr. D
ONOVAN . H.R. 6304: Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida. H.R. 6315: Ms. L
OFGREN and Mr. P ETERS . H.R. 6318: Mr. D
ESJARLAIS and Mr. R OKITA . H.R. 6326: Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. B RADY of Penn- sylvania, Ms. B
ASS, and Mr. G UTIE´RREZ . H.R. 6330: Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 6345: Mr. P
ERRY . H.R. 6356: Mr. P
ERRY . H.R. 6358: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. L
YNCH , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. C
APUANO , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, and Ms. E
STYof Connecticut. H.R. 6360: Mr. P
ERRY . H.R. 6367: Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi, Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , and Miss G ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 6368: Mr. N
ORMAN , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , and Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 6369: Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 6378: Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. G
ALLEGO , and Mr. C OLLINS of New York. H.R. 6382: Mr. C
HABOT , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , and Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 6392: Mr. D
ONOVAN . H. Con. Res. 45: Mr. G
OHMERT . H. Res. 28: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia. H. Res. 136: Mr. QUIGLEY . H. Res. 199: Ms. S
TEFANIK . H. Res. 400: Mr. Y
ODER , Mrs. B EATTY , Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana, and Mr. G RIFFITH . H. Res. 455: Mr. P
AYNE , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. R
USH, Mr. N ADLER , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. L
AWSON of Florida, Mr. S IRES, Ms. K ELLY  of Illinois, Mr. P
ASCRELL , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. C ORREA , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER , Ms. F
UDGE , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. M OORE , and Mr. C
UMMINGS . H. Res. 621: Mr. E
VANS . H. Res. 628: Mr. C
RIST and Mr. C ICILLINE . H. Res. 673: Mr. S
TIVERS . H. Res. 745: Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas and Mr. P
OEof Texas. H. Res. 763: Mr. S
UOZZI . H. Res. 826: Mr. C
ONNOLLY . H. Res. 864: Ms. E
STYof Connecticut. H. Res. 888: Ms. B
ASS. H. Res. 976: Mr. B
ILIRAKIS and Mr. H
ULTGREN . H. Res. 981: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey. H. Res. 990: Mr. M
CCAUL, Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. H
UDSON , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. M
ARSHALL , and Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. H. Res. 991: Mr. C
RIST. H. Res. 994: Mr. H
UNTER . H. Res. 995: Mr. H
UNTER and Mr. H UDSON . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00201 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.055 H17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S4973 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JULY 17, 2018 No. 120 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal God, send Your peace into our hearts today, providing us with the contentment that comes from Your abiding presence. Bless our lawmakers. Use them to give hope to the hopeless, help to the helpless, and freedom to the captives. Remind our Senators that evil will triumph when good people do nothing. Give them the courage to stand for right though the heavens fall. May they totally depend on You, ac-knowledging You as the Author and Finisher of their faith. We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH). Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader is recognized. 
f 
THE IRS AND THE FIRST AMENDMENT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, last night the Internal Revenue Service made an important announcement. It is particularly welcome news to those of us who are intently focused on de-fending the First Amendment, for those of us who, over the years, have raised concerns during the last admin-istration about activist regulators pun-ishing free speech and free association. It is a straightforward, commonsense policy decision. The Internal Revenue Service is cutting back on the amount of nonpublic information it collects and stockpiles about Americans who donate to nonprofit causes. The IRS will no longer pointlessly demand pri-vate contributor lists from whole cat-egories of tax-exempt organizations. I say ‘‘pointlessly’’ because the identity of nonprofit donors serves no compel-ling purpose under sections 501(c)4, and 501(c)6 of our Tax Code. Contributions to these organizations are not tax deductible—not tax deduct-ible—so the IRS does not need to see this data for accounting purposes. These organizations are not required to release that information under the public inspection and availability re-quirements. Let me repeat. The identity of the donors to these organizations is not necessary for accounting and is not re-quired for public inspection by the In-ternal Revenue Code. It raises the question that if the IRS isn’t permitted to do anything with this set of Americans’ private informa-tion, why collect it in the first place? Unfortunately, we know exactly what happens when the government stockpiles private data about the dona-tions through which Americans partici-pate in the public discourse. We know exactly why many on the left are keen for bureaucrats to have this confiden-tial information. Where it leads is Americans being bullied for exercising their First Amendment rights. This bullying is established by bureaucrats and, in some cases, by elected officials. Sometimes the government itself does the bullying. Case in point: the Obama administration’s IRS scandal. The agency slow-walked the applica-tions of groups that appeared conserv-ative, including some of my own con-stituents. Donors and groups faced un-usually aggressive questioning, unrea-sonable deadlines followed by unrea-sonable delays. These were Federal au-thorities using the weaponry of govern-ment to punish Americans for sup-porting speech they didn’t like. Other times, government simply en-ables the harassment. It fails to pro-tect this private information from leaking to the army of angry leftwing activists who stand eager to harass and bully anyone who is contributing to national conversations with political views with which they disagree. Back in 2014, the IRS had to settle a lawsuit on this very issue. An IRS worker broke the law and leaked an unredacted copy of a group’s confiden-tial tax forms which wound up in the hands of a liberal organization on the opposite side of the issue. Needless to say, private information about Ameri-cans’ political speech was quickly weaponized for political purposes. In one case, the CEO of a technology orga-nization was hounded from his job by liberal activists for daring to see this subject differently than they did. Some State governments began de-manding their own copies of the infor-mation the IRS was gathering. There were similarly troubling results. In 2012, California, which had promised nonprofits that donor lists would only be seen by the State’s Registry of Charitable Trusts, accidentally—acci-dentally—published the donor lists of hundreds of nonprofits from across the political spectrum. More States, like New York, have sought to copy Cali-fornia, allowing more activist regu-lators to access this information. So the pattern is unmistakable. This particular political movement wants to erase our age-old tradition that citi-zens should be able to keep their pri-vate views and the causes they pri-vately support private. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY6.000 S17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4974 July 17, 2018 
Back in the 1950s, it was the NAACP who took on the State of Alabama over precisely this issue. The State govern-ment tried to get their hands on the NAACP’s donor list. The issue went all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court, where the NAACP won a big victory for the First Amendment. Here is what Justice Harlan wrote in that opinion: ‘‘Inviolability of privacy and group association may in many circumstances be indispensable to pres-ervation of freedom of association, par-ticularly where a group espouses dis-sident beliefs.’’ He said that forcing private organiza-tions to disclose their donors was not so different from forcing people with certain views to wear armbands or other clothing, advertising their beliefs to the world. In both cases, the government’s ac-tion would be inviting harassment and intimidation upon Americans—those whose beliefs were either unusual or unpopular or, in today’s culture of in-timidation, those whose beliefs the left disagrees with. The result is, more speakers stay silent, fewer Americans choose to exercise their right of free association. It is bad enough to wield government power to chill political speech and in-vite harassment of citizens based on what an angry mob might assume their opinions are, based on their private fi-nancial records. It is even more egre-gious to pursue that nakedly political goal while calling it—believe it or not—good government. In this country, good government means protecting citizens’ First Amendment rights to participate in the competition of ideas, not trying to shut down that competition. We per-suade. We don’t intimidate. So I welcome this announcement and applaud the leadership of Secretary Mnuchin and Acting IRS Commissioner David Kautter. I am glad this step will make the right of Americans to freely advocate for their strongly held beliefs less vulnerable to the malice of some in government and to the proven fail-ures of bureaucracies. I urge continued vigilance for all of us who cherish the First Amendment. 
f 
TAX REFORM Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, on a different matter, it is becoming a historic year for favorable economic news. There are plenty of ways to measure how American workers, job creators, and entrepreneurs are writing a new chapter. After nearly a decade of stagnating pay and vanishing opportunities, re-cent months have brought remarkable milestones. Optimism among American small businesses has reached its high-est level since President Reagan’s first term. Sixty-seven percent of Ameri-cans believe that now is a good time to find a quality job in the United States—the highest percentage in 17 years of Gallup polling. Just last month, a manufacturing industry measure reported growth in 17 out of 18 sectors, from textiles to precision tech-nologies. It is no surprise, then, that the Na-tional Association of Manufacturers found last month that a record-high 95.1 percent of American manufactur-ers have a positive view of their com-pany’s outlook. What do these numbers mean to real workers on the floor of American fac-tories? At Mack Molding, an injection molder and contract manufacturer, with locations in Statesville, NC, and Arlington, VT, it means a $5.4 million investment in facilities with prepara-tions to hire 100 new workers. At Sabel Steel, based in Montgomery, AL, it means large pay raises for most of the company’s 230 employees and new, more efficient equipment at facilities across the South. Both companies cred-it last year’s historic tax reform law with helping make their 2018 success possible. Our Democratic colleagues can talk all they like about repealing middle- class families’ and job creators’ his-toric tax cuts and sending that money back to Washington instead, but this united Republican government is proud of the new prosperity they are build-ing. We will not let the Democrats take away their tax cut. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
TRUMP-PUTIN SUMMIT Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, I am at a loss for words to describe what happened yesterday in Helsinki, Fin-land. I am disappointed, as well, by the stunning silence of some of my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle in response to it. When each of us is elected to serve in Congress—the House and the Senate— we are asked to take an oath, a very serious oath. In it, we swear to support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, for-eign and domestic. The President of the United States similarly swears to preserve, protect, and defend the Con-stitution of the United States. Yesterday in Helsinki, Finland, the President of the United States was en-gaged in an appalling display. What we saw at that press conference—standing just several feet away from Vladimir Putin, the leader of Russia—was the President’s decision to turn his back on the organizations and agencies of the U.S. Government, to question their credibility, and to affirm, incredibly, that Mr. Putin had given a powerful de-nial to what they have found when it comes to the Russian interference in our last election. Just days after bullying our key NATO allies and failing to publicly ac-cept that Russia attacked our country, attacked our democracy, this adminis-tration and its enablers here in Con-gress are failing that oath. President Trump refuses to accept the findings of American intelligence professionals, the Department of Jus-tice, the Department of Defense, and virtually every agency of our govern-ment that is tasked with keeping us safe and instead accepts Vladimir Putin’s absurd, self-serving denials. Many of my colleagues here in Con-gress refuse to even speak up to de-nounce the President’s actions. Consider what happened months be-fore the 2016 election when our Na-tion’s top intelligence officials came and told key congressional leaders about the Russian cyber attack on the United States. The administration at that time, under President Obama, was deeply concerned. President Obama was looking for a bipartisan response condemning Putin’s efforts in the clos-ing days of the elections so as to avoid any hint of partisanship in the public announcement and to present a unified deterrent. What was the response of Majority Leader MITCH MCCONNELL after hearing this alarming revelation that Vladimir Putin was actively interfering in our elections and trying to undermine our democracy? Senator M
CCONNELL ’s re-sponse: No thanks. We are not going to help. And incredibly, neither the Sen-ator nor his party did. Is there anyone in the Senate—any-one who took the oath to protect our Nation against enemies, foreign and domestic—who thinks any of us, re-gardless of political party, should re-ceive help from a foreign adversary to get elected? I hope we all agree that country must come before party. So then why do so many of my Republican colleagues remain silent in light of President Trump’s open denial of the reality of Russia’s involvement in our election? Yesterday, we watched in disbelief as the President not only refused to even acknowledge the act of cyber war against the United States but, incred-ibly, blamed America first for our poor relationship with Russia. We watched our American President refuse to stand up to Vladimir Putin, a former KGB of-ficial, who executed one of the most breathtaking cyber attacks in history aimed at the United States and aimed at undermining the Western security alliance and our country’s democracy. An American President stood on the world stage next to a tyrant—a tyrant who denies that he attacked us—and then the President of the United States repeatedly agreed with that adversary and dismissed criminal indictments of Russian Government officials respon-sible for the attack. The President closed with a rambling preening about his great election victory. We have an American President who seems to be utterly incapable of saying 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JY6.002 S17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4975 July 17, 2018 
the obvious to Vladimir Putin. The President should say: Don’t ever inter-fere in U.S. elections again. I don’t want your help, and I don’t believe your absurd denials. He refused to say that. Compare his bizarre and dangerous comments in Helsinki with what Presi-dent Ronald Reagan said before the 1988 NATO summit. Instead of bullying our closest allies, Ronald Reagan said: 
Our first priority is to maintain a strong and healthy partnership between North America and Europe, for this is the founda-tion on which the cause of freedom so cru-cially depends. 
Again, Ronald Reagan said: 
Our first priority is to maintain a strong and healthy partnership between North America and Europe, for this is the founda-tion on which the cause of freedom so cru-cially depends. 
There is at least one Republican Sen-ator who is not silent. My friend and a great American patriot, J
OHNMCCAIN, said this yesterday about the Helsinki press conference: 
Today’s press conference in Helsinki was one of the most disgraceful performances by an American President in memory. The dam-age inflicted by President Trump’s naivete, egotism, false equivalence, and sympathy for autocrats is difficult to calculate. . . . Presi-dent Trump proved not only unable, but un-willing to stand up to Putin. He and Putin seemed to be speaking from the same script as the President made a conscious choice to defend a tyrant against the fair questions of a free press, and to grant Putin an uncontested platform to spew propaganda and lies to the world. 
I could not agree more. It is obvious. We, all of us, Democrats and Repub-licans, should agree with what J
OHN M
CCAINsaid. Despite President Trump’s shameful denials of Russian interference at yes-terday’s farce of a press conference, the evidence is clear: Russia did interfere in the 2016 election. Our intelligence agencies and the bipartisan Senate In-telligence Committee have concluded that not only did Russia interfere in our elections through cyber attacks, but they did so to harm Hillary Clin-ton, help elect Donald Trump, and un-dermine our democratic process. When Donald Trump hears those words, it sends him into a rage. He de-nies any Russian interference for fear that it might reflect on his victory in the election. There is no evidence that has been produced to date that shows that Russian interference changed the outcome of that election. I am not questioning whether Donald Trump won the Electoral College and became President, but I don’t think he should question whether the Russians were trying to undermine that process. During his ongoing investigation into Russian meddling, Special Counsel Mueller has so far indicted 32 individ-uals and 3 companies on a total of 191 criminal charges. This includes the February indictment of 13 Russian trolls who engaged in a multiyear ef-fort to influence our election, to sup-port the election of Donald Trump by sowing discord and inflaming social tensions online. The Mueller investigation includes 12 members of the Russian military intel-ligence, specifically named, who were indicted last Friday for engaging in a sustained operation to hack into the emails, accounts, and computer net-works of the Democratic National Committee, the Democratic Congres-sional Campaign Committee, and Hil-lary Clinton’s Presidential campaign. These Russians also created online personas and worked with WikiLeaks to publish the stolen documents. To cover their tracks, they committed identity theft, engaged in money laun-dering, and at one point leased a com-puter in my home State of Illinois to store and move the stolen documents through encrypted channels. Additionally, the Russians hacked into the computer networks of election officials and vendors in order to steal voter data and other information. The indictment, produced by Special Coun-sel Mueller, mentions that the Rus-sians ‘‘hacked the website of a state board of elections . . . and stole infor-mation related to approximately 500,000 voters, including names, ad-dresses, partial social security num-bers, dates of birth, and driver’s license numbers.’’ This was, presumably, in reference to the Illinois State Board of Elections, which we already knew was one of the first victims of a successful Russian cyber attack—a Russian cyber attack that President Donald Trump refuses to believe ever happened. We know that Russia meddled in the 2016 election, and we know that we should be gearing up for Russia to interfere with the 2018 midterm elec-tion as well. Just this past weekend, Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats, my former Republican Senate colleague from the State of Indiana and a man for whom I voted for this po-sition and whom I respect very much, reiterated the ongoing threat that Rus-sia presents, saying: ‘‘In regard to state actions, Russia has been the most aggressive foreign actor—no question— and they continue their efforts to un-dermine our democracy.’’ What a departure from what Presi-dent Trump said in Helsinki yesterday. His own Director of National Intel-ligence has refuted the statement he made to the world yesterday, agreeing with the ‘‘powerful statement’’ of Vladimir Putin’s that he had nothing to do with an attack on our election. Our President is cozying up to Vladi-mir Putin at the expense of the credi-bility of his own Director of National Intelligence. Why is this happening? Instead of condemning President Trump and supporting the Special Counsel’s efforts of getting to the bot-tom of this, sadly, the vast majority of congressional Republicans are actively working to undermine the investiga-tion. Just last week, Senate Republicans confirmed the nomination of Brian Benczkowski to serve as Assistant At-torney General in charge of the Crimi-nal Division of the Department of Jus-tice. They voted for Mr. Benczkowski to be in charge of 600 Federal prosecu-tors despite the fact that Mr. Benczkowski, as a lawyer, has never been in a trial—never. He has never been in a courtroom and has never been in a trial. He was named by President Trump to head up the Criminal Divi-sion of the Department of Justice. That may not be the worst part. Mr. Benczkowski, in his private law practice in Washington, also chose to represent a Russian bank, the Alfa- Bank, which has deep ties to Vladimir Putin. This is despite the fact that when he was called on it, he said he would not commit to recusing himself from this Russia investigation. Furthermore, this vote occurred as President Trump and House Repub-licans had been looking for an excuse to fire Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein, who is overseeing the Mueller investigation. Should Rosen-stein be fired, Mr. Benczkowski could be easily tasked by the President to oversee the Russia investigation. That would be an unmitigated legal disaster. Enough is enough. Today is the day that, I hope, my colleagues—Democrat and Republican alike—will step for-ward and speak up. The world is still reeling from the comments that were made yesterday in Helsinki by the President of the United States of America. There are serious questions from our longtime NATO al-lies—those who count on the United States for the safety and security of their republics. There are serious ques-tions in their minds about who we are, what we stand for, the relationship be-tween this President and Vladimir Putin—a relationship which is abso-lutely inexplicable in that President Trump would refuse to concede the ob-vious—that Vladimir Putin is setting out to undermine our values in the world. President Trump should stand with the brave men and women of law en-forcement, intelligence, and the De-partment of Defense who have warned him about Vladimir Putin, and he should not be so easily swept away with these meetings he has. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
TRUMP-PUTIN SUMMIT Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JY6.004 S17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4976 July 17, 2018 
[Yesterday’s summit] was one of the most disgraceful performances by an American President in memory. The damage inflicted by President Trump’s naivety, egotism, false equivalence, and sympathy for autocrats is difficult to calculate. . . . President Trump proved not only unable but unwilling to stand up to Putin. He and Putin seemed to be speaking from the same script as the presi-dent made a conscious choice to defend a ty-rant against the fair questions of a free press, and to grant Putin an uncontested platform to spew propaganda and lies to the world. Coming close on the heels of President Trump’s bombastic and erratic conduct to-wards our closest friends and allies in Brus-sels and Britain, today’s press conference— 
Yesterday’s press conference, actu-ally— 
marks a recent low point in the history of the American Presidency. No prior president has ever abased himself more abjectly before a tyrant. Not only did President Trump fail to speak the truth about an adversary; but speaking for Amer-ica to the world, our president failed to de-fend all that makes us who we are—a repub-lic of free people dedicated to the cause of liberty at home and abroad. American presi-dents must be champions of that cause if it is to succeed. Americans are waiting and hoping for President Trump to embrace that sacred responsibility. One can only hope they are not waiting . . . in vain. 
Those are very strong words. People would say: Well, C
HUCK SCHUMER is the Democratic leader. Of course, he is going to criticize President Trump. But those strong, biting, and effective words are not mine. Those three para-graphs I quoted come from J
OHN M
CCAIN, who is probably the leading Republican expert on military secu-rity, national security, and foreign pol-icy. When Senator M
CCAINsaid that, it should be a clarion call to every Repub-lican to not just speak up but to take action because the national security of America is in danger. I ask unanimous consent that Sen-ator M
CCAIN’s statement, in its en-tirety, be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
SENATOR JOHNMCCAINSTATEMENT ON PRESI-
DENT TRUMP ’SMEETING WITHPRESIDENT  P
UTIN ‘‘Today’s press conference in Helsinki was one of the most disgraceful performances by an American president in memory. The dam-age inflicted by President Trump’s naivete ´, egotism, false equivalence, and sympathy for autocrats is difficult to calculate. But it is clear that the summit in Helsinki was a tragic mistake. ‘‘President Trump proved not only unable, but unwilling to stand up to Putin. He and Putin seemed to be speaking from the same script as the president made a conscious choice to defend a tyrant against the fair questions of a free press, and to grant Putin an uncontested platform to spew propaganda and lies to the world. ‘‘It is tempting to describe the press con-ference as a pathetic rout—as an illustration of the perils of under-preparation and inexpe-rience. But these were not the errant tweets of a novice politician. These were the delib-erate choices of a president who seems deter-mined to realize his delusions of a warm re-lationship with Putin’s regime without any regard for the true nature of his rule, his vio-lent disregard for the sovereignty of his neighbors, his complicity in the slaughter of the Syrian people, his violation of inter-national treaties, and his assault on demo-cratic institutions throughout the world. ‘‘Coming close on the heels of President Trump’s bombastic and erratic conduct to-wards our closest friends and allies in Brus-sels and Britain, today’s press conference marks a recent low point in the history of the American Presidency. That the president was attended in Helsinki by a team of com-petent and patriotic advisors makes his blunders and capitulations all the more pain-ful and inexplicable. ‘‘No prior president has ever abased himself more abjectly before a tyrant. Not only did President Trump fail to speak the truth about an adversary; but speaking for America to the world, our presi-dent failed to defend all that makes us who we are—a republic of free people dedicated to the cause of liberty at home and abroad. American presidents must be the champions of that cause if it is to succeed. Americans are waiting and hoping for President Trump to embrace that sacred responsibility. One can only hope they are not waiting totally in vain.’’ Mr. SCHUMER. It is still difficult to comprehend what transpired yesterday in Helsinki. Because of his actions, it was one of the worst days for any President of the United States in re-cent memory. On foreign soil, Presi-dent Trump said the United States was to blame for the state of the relation-ship between Russia and America. He trashed American intelligence and took the word of the KGB over the word of the men and women of the CIA. Can you believe it? Can you believe it? He said Russia’s intelligence agency, which murders, steals, lies, and cheats, is better than ours. There is no ration-al explanation for an American Presi-dent to do such a thing. It was the act of a man who seems incapable of distin-guishing between his own narrow per-sonal interests and the interests of America’s national security. Can you imagine if President Ken-nedy believed Khrushchev when he said there were no missiles in Cuba? Can you imagine if President Reagan be-lieved Gorbachev without verifying that the Soviet Union would reduce its missile stockpile? We would be living in a much different world than we are today. Thank God President Kennedy and President Reagan showed strength in the face of tyrants—but President Trump shows abject weakness and syc-ophancy. Let me explain to the President why he is being so strongly criticized when he embraced Putin’s strong and power-ful denial. The reason, President Trump, that you are being so criticized when you accept Putin’s word is, Putin is a trained liar. He lies brazenly, shamelessly, and repeatedly about big things and small. Putin lied about the presence of Rus-sian troops in Crimea. He lied about the Malaysian airplane being shot down by a Russian rocket. He lied about Russian athletes doping at the Olympics. He lied about Russian behav-ior in eastern Ukraine. He lied about Assad’s use of chemical weapons. He lied about interference in the Brexit vote. Just last week, he lied about the Kremlin’s involvement in a recent nerve agent attack in the United King-dom. Yet when President Putin gives President Trump a ‘‘strong and power-ful denial’’ that he didn’t meddle in our elections, President Trump imme-diately accepts Putin’s word over the considered judgment of America’s dedi-cated intelligence professionals. It is almost as if Donald Trump is embrac-ing Putin’s needs. I am ashamed of it, and every American should be. No pre-vious President would be that naive or that weak. No serious leader would allow themselves to be taken in so eas-ily. The only person with cause to cele-brate is Vladimir Putin. Putin got to stand on the stage with an American President who refused to hold him ac-countable for anything. He watched President Trump careen through Eu-rope, carrying out Putin’s dream agen-da—torching old alliances, interfering in the domestic affairs of the United Kingdom, weakening NATO and Amer-ican power in the region. Putin skated through a bilateral summit and press conference without facing any con-sequences for deliberately meddling in our elections. Putin could not have scripted a better result. I am from Brooklyn. If we learned anything, we learned one thing there: When there is a bully around, as Putin is, you show strength. President Trump showed abject weakness. Do you know what that means? The bully will con-tinue to take advantage of it. If Donald Trump was such an easy mark in Hel-sinki, President Putin will realize he is an easy mark elsewhere. The behavior of the President is just inexplicable. Everyone in the United States is scratching their heads. There seems to be no rational explanation for President Trump’s behavior, and so millions of Americans are left won-dering if Putin indeed has something over the President. That is the most logical explanation of the President’s bizarre and weak behavior so delete-rious to American interests. If there is another credible expla-nation for why President Trump be-haved the way he did, it would behoove the President to let the American peo-ple in on it; otherwise, so many Ameri-cans are going to continue to wonder, does President Putin have something over President Trump that makes the President behave in such a way that hurts our country so? We know the President doesn’t like to prepare much, but even the most basic preparation would lead a Presi-dent away from the erratic behavior we saw yesterday. The truth is, the sum-mit yesterday was like an x-ray ma-chine, revealing that ‘‘America First’’ is really just ‘‘Trump First,’’ no matter what it means for the country he is sworn to defend from enemies foreign and domestic. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:53 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JY6.005 S17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4977 July 17, 2018 
So the question looms: What will the Senate do in response? What will my Republican colleagues do in response? A few of them have echoed Senator M
CCAIN’s sentiments, and they deserve recognition for that, but those Sen-ators who are not J
OHN MCCAIN, who are here in the Senate wielding an im-mense power to shape events, I say to them, words are not enough. Our re-sponse to the debasement of American interests before a foreign adversary de-mands a response, not just in word but in deed. Our Republican colleagues cannot just talk the talk—some of them have done that, most haven’t— but, as a body, they need to walk the walk. The American people are de-manding it. Our country needs to see Republicans in the Senate and the Republican Party stand up and show through ac-tion that unlike our President, they will not tolerate Russian aggression or accept Putin’s lies. They need to act in the spirit of Ronald Reagan, not in the spirit of Donald Trump. Too often, when the President goes off the res-ervation, the Republican Party has lightly rebuked his behavior and wait-ed for everyone to move on. Given the crisis, given Trump’s horrible actions, that is not good enough. Our Repub-lican colleagues cannot just go tsk-tsk. They must act if they want to help America. Yesterday, I outlined four things we could do immediately in response to the President’s disastrous summit. Let me repeat them and add a fifth. First, ratchet up sanctions on Russia, not water them down. The sanctions we passed 98 to 2 have not even been fully implemented. Some in the House now want to reduce those sanctions. We need to strengthen them. Second, and very importantly—prob-ably most importantly—our Repub-lican colleagues need to join us in de-manding testimony from the Presi-dent’s national security team that was in Helsinki, and we need to do that im-mediately. We need hearings as soon as possible to assess what President Trump might have committed to Presi-dent Putin in secret. President Trump’s public statements were alarm-ing enough. The Senate needs to know what happened behind closed doors. Does anyone believe he was tougher on Putin in secret? You can’t assume any-thing but that as weak as he was in public before President Putin, he was even worse in private. Why else did he not want anyone in the room? President Trump and President Putin met one-on-one behind closed doors for nearly 2 hours. Where are the notes from the meeting? What did the Presi-dent agree to? Was Secretary Pompeo briefed afterward on what happened? Were any other members of the Presi-dent’s team briefed? The American people need to know what is happening. The American people deserve to know what is happening. It is our security at risk. I am calling on Leader M
CCONNELL  and his leadership team to imme-diately request a hearing with Sec-retary of State Pompeo and the rest of the President’s national security team from Helsinki so we can find out what the heck happened there—the expla-nation for what happened openly, and even more importantly, what happened in that meeting behind closed doors. Third, our Republican friends must end the attacks on the Department of Justice, the FBI, and the special coun-sel. Those have mainly emanated from a small group in the House. Given the indictments, given the in-dictment yesterday, not from Mueller but from mainline Justice, we have to let this investigation go forward. Presi-dent Trump’s actions yesterday lead many more Americans to suspect that something was amiss; that there may have been collusion. What else would explain President Trump’s actions and protestations in a foreign country? We need to end these attacks and let the investigation proceed unimpeded and encourage the President to sit down for an interview with Mueller. Fourth, the President must insist on the extradition of the 12 Russians re-cently indicted for election inter-ference. In one of the more bizarre of many bizarre incidents yesterday, Putin suggested that Americans come and interview the Russians in Russia or actually watch as Russian agents interview the Russians in Russia. Is Russia known for a free and open judi-cial system? Is Russia known for the rule of law? Of course not. It was an ab-surd suggestion. Any other President would have rejected it out of hand. We need to bring them here, and the President, to represent the honor and the strength of the United States— something he has failed to do thus far—needs to demand it. Finally, election security. Our elec-tions are at risk. We have now had in-dictments of Russians interfering in the 2016 elections. Everyone in Amer-ica, except Donald Trump, admits that happened—Democrats and Republicans, Speaker RYAN, Leader M CCONNELL — that Russia tried to interfere and interfere, most everyone believes, on President Trump’s behalf. Why? Well, we heard Putin’s explanation. We can’t have that happen again. We must move election security legisla-tion immediately. To its credit, in a bipartisan way, this Chamber and the other put $380 million in the last omnibus for election security, but there is very fine legisla-tion. One is sponsored by Senator K
LO-
BUCHAR , and she has worked with some of the Republicans on that. Another is sponsored by Senator C
HRIS VANHOL-
LEN. I believe Senator R UBIO is a co-sponsor of that. We need to move that legislation—hopefully, with bipartisan support—quickly. These are five simple things we can do together, Democrats and Repub-licans. Now, yesterday, I saw my good friend—I see him sitting here—Senator C
ORNYN say that we have done most of these things already. I wish it were so. It isn’t. We haven’t done any of it. Leader MCCONNELL has not called for hearings to bring Secretary Pompeo and others here. We have not increased sanctions, which we should do. In fact, there is a move in the House to de-crease them. We have not asked the President to demand extradition of the Russians. We have not urged some Re-publicans, particularly in the House, to stop interfering with the Mueller inves-tigation. We haven’t done any of the four items I mentioned yesterday or the fifth I mentioned today. I hope Senator C
ORNYN and others will lead the charge and help us get those done, in a bipartisan way, for the sake of this wonderful and great country. The bottom line is that we need to act. A few statements will not change President Trump’s behavior and will not stop President Putin from con-tinuing to make a mess of our alliances around the world and our elections here in America. Action is required. The eyes of America are on the Repub-licans in the Senate to join us in the actions I have outlined or other actions they might feel appropriate. 
f 
NOMINATION OF BRETT KAVANAUGH Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, turning to SCOTUS, I will conclude this morning by adding that at this very delicate time, Senators from both parties should carefully scrutinize President Trump’s Supreme Court nominee, Brett Kavanaugh. Not only has President Trump promised to se-lect judges who would overturn Roe v. Wade and undo the healthcare law, Judge Kavanaugh has some troubling views on Executive power and account-ability. We have all just witnessed the behav-ior of a reckless President who has shown he is willing to test the bounds of Executive authority at home, just as he is willing to depart from all wisdom and sense on foreign soil. Judge Kavanaugh has demonstrated in several writings that he believes the President should be above civil and criminal indictment while in office and that the President should be granted broad deference to enforce or not en-force laws he ‘‘deems’’ unconstitu-tional. Consider for a moment what it would mean for the Supreme Court to rule that this President is immune from in-dictment or that he should be allowed to exercise his authority so wantonly as to decide which laws to enforce or not. That is all the more reason, given what Judge Kavanaugh has written, that he get careful and rigorous scru-tiny before we move on any vote. I yield the floor. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). Morning business is closed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JY6.007 S17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4978 July 17, 2018 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to resume consideration of the following nomina-tion, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of James Blew, of California, to be Assistant Secretary for Planning, Evaluation, and Policy Development, Department of Education. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the time until 11:45 a.m. will be equally divided in the usual form. The Senator from Texas. 
RUSSIAN ELECTION INTERFERENCE  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I came to the floor to talk about the ‘‘Abolish ICE’’ movement and the reasons that is a misconceived idea by some on the left, but first I feel compelled to re-spond just briefly to some of the com-ments made by our friend from New York, the Democratic leader. First of all, the Democratic leader says we need to have hearings on the matter of Russian interference in our elections. I would remind the Demo-cratic leader that we have been doing that for a long time—ever since the in-telligence community assessment was released at the end of the Obama ad-ministration documenting Russia’s meddling in the election. That assess-ment was released on an unclassified basis. It is on the website of the Direc-tor of National Intelligence if anybody wants to read it. Also, I would submit to him the 29- page indictment that Robert Mueller had issued by a grand jury against 12 Russian intelligence officers. It lays out in minute detail what the Russians were doing to try to cause confusion and undermine public confidence in our elections. As a matter of fact, this afternoon the Senate Select Com-mittee on Intelligence is hearing from some Obama administration officials on why they didn’t do more to stop it back when President Obama was in of-fice when they knew very clearly what was going on but did not do—well, did virtually nothing to stop it. So I would say to my friend from New York, the Democratic leader, there have been a lot of hearings, and the hearings are ongoing. Obviously, Special Counsel Mueller has issued this indictment. I only wish that it was more than a name-and-shame exercise because there is no chance the Rus-sians will extradite these intelligence officers over here for a trial. But I think it does serve a useful educational purpose by pointing out in minute de-tail what the Russians have been up to. They have upped their game in a way that is surprising to many people, hav-ing used everything from propaganda, to social media, to cyber theft of infor-mation like the Clinton emails and the DNC emails during the course of the last election. It has gotten very sophis-ticated. We better be about fixing it and getting ready for the next election rather than coming to the floor and en-gaging in the favorite Washington pas-time, which is the blame game. Senator SCHUMER said we need to issue sanctions against Russia. Well, I have in front of me about two single- spaced pages of actions that we have taken since the beginning of the Trump administration to support our allies against Russian aggression and to pun-ish Russian misconduct, whether it is in the elections or otherwise. I would entertain—I understand the Senator from Colorado has some additional sanctions he thinks would be appro-priate, and I think that would be some-thing that would sting. Rather than just sending a press re-lease or trying to message this or use it for partisan political purposes, let’s consider additional sanctions that will actually discourage and hold account-able the Russians for their election meddling and deter them, hopefully, from doing it again. I understand the fourth thing my friend from New York said is that we need to stop criticizing the Comey FBI and the Department of Justice under the Obama administration. Well, it is pretty clear from the investigations that have occurred that something rot-ten was happening at the leadership of the FBI. Just to listen to Mr. Strzok— and his protestations that there was no bias associated with those investiga-tions are patently unbelievable. It is unbelievable, not credible. So I understand that the Democratic leader wants to focus his attention on the President. That is his prerogative, and, indeed, he has been the leader of the anti-Trump resistance since Presi-dent Trump was elected. Many of us do disagree with the President’s assessment of the intel-ligence, as I have suggested. I firmly believe there is solid evidence of Rus-sian meddling in the election. I think President Putin misrepresented the facts. I am not surprised by that given who he is and how he operates. As the Democratic leader said, as a former KGB colonel, he is accustomed to dis-sembling and distorting, manipulating information in a way that serves his purpose. I think we should be absolutely clear. We all support the men and women who are the professionals who make up the intelligence community in this coun-try, many of whom expose themselves to great danger, and, indeed, many have lost their lives trying to protect this country against adversaries around the world. I think the findings of the intelligence community assess-ment during the end of the Obama ad-ministration provides a roadmap to what the Russians did, as did the in-dictment of the 12 Russian GRU intel-ligence officials. We better wake up. Rather than the blame game and pointing fingers, we better get ready for the next election, the midterm election in 2018. I think there is a lot we can do to-gether, but as long as this becomes a political, partisan, stop-Trump-at-all- costs effort, I don’t think we are going to make much progress. I will conclude this part of my re-marks by saying that I trust our intel-ligence community. I trust their as-sessment that there was Russian med-dling in the election. But I also trust the investigation so far, which has shown absolutely no collusion with the Trump campaign and Russian intel-ligence activity leading up to the elec-tion. That is what I think has the President so spun up, because he feels as though this is an attack on him per-sonally. I wish we could separate those two. But, indeed, our Democratic col-leagues don’t want to separate them because they realize this is the best way to keep this story going for as long as they can through the next elec-tion and, who knows, through the next Presidential election as well. 
IMMIGRATION AND CUSTOMS ENFORCEMENT  
Mr. President, I wish to say a few words about this misguided effort to abolish ICE, Immigration and Customs Enforcement. This is the operational component of the Department of Home-land Security. We have seen this move-ment in hashtags on Instagram, on T- shirts. We have watched protestors who showed up in California when ICE agents were trying to investigate the trafficking of children. Can you imag-ine these protestors interfering with an investigation into the crime of human trafficking of children? But that is not all. Some of the House Democrats have introduced legislation to eliminate ICE. Of course, any sensible person would tell you that eliminating ICE is reck-less, which is why I recently intro-duced a resolution with 14 of our col-leagues denouncing these radical calls in the strongest of terms. This is just reckless and naive, this ‘‘Abolish ICE’’ movement. It is a move that would be fundamentally irresponsible. Based on one recent poll, close to 70 percent of the American people, when asked about it, opposed the idea—and for good reason. ICE was created, after all, in 2003 in response to the discovery that many of the 9/11 hijackers had ex-ploited holes in our immigration en-forcement and overstayed their tourist visas and attended flight schools with-out a proper visa. We know what hap-pened on that terrible day, 9/11/2001. We know that hundreds of thousands of foreign nationals overstay their visas every year illegally. Without ICE, those unlawfully residing in our coun-try, in violation of their visas, would be allowed to stay indefinitely. Is that what the ‘‘Abolish ICE’’ movement is about—eliminating enforcement of our immigration laws and allowing people who flout those laws to succeed in staying here in the United States in violation of those immigration laws? Of course, abolishing ICE would mean ending all of the agency’s programs and functions. It would mean allowing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JY6.009 S17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4979 July 17, 2018 
dangerous criminals, including poten-tial terrorists who are in our country, to remain here. It would mean scrap-ping the ICE Cyber Crime Center’s in-vestigation of child exploitation on-line. It would mean ending the ICE Blue Campaign to rescue human traf-ficking victims and provide them with a safe place to stay and other services. The Blue Campaign was just unani-mously authorized by Congress, by the way, this year, and abolishing ICE would eliminate it. Abolishing ICE would mean doing away with the unit that focuses on human rights violators and war crimes. That unit is currently pursuing close to 2,000 leads. It would eliminate initiatives like Operation Community Shield, which combats the proliferation of transnational criminal gangs. I hope our colleagues understand what they are encouraging when they say we should abolish ICE. I think it is incumbent on them to explain their ra-tionale to the hard-working officials who are on the frontlines, fighting against human trafficking, child ex-ploitation, and illegal immigration. What do they have to say to those peo-ple who risk their safety—perhaps even their lives—to enforce those important laws, much less to those whose jobs would be on the line? There are some important statistics relating to Homeland Security Inves-tigations, which is a critical part of ICE, that our Democratic friends who are encouraging the abolition of ICE should know about: 8,887, which is the number of visa applications that Home-land Security refused based on ter-rorist connections or other derogatory information; 904, which is the number of sexually exploited children identi-fied and/or rescued by Homeland Secu-rity in 2017; 3,945, which is the number of cases initiated based on human smuggling last year; 4,735, which is the number of transnational gang members arrested in the United States in 2017; and 980,000, which is the number of pounds of narcotics Homeland Security Investigations seized in 2017, which in-cluded thousands of pounds of deadly drugs—like fentanyl—that help fuel the opioid crisis. ICE plays a leading role in all of these areas. If the critics were to get their wish and if ICE were abolished, the numbers for all of these items would be zero because Homeland Secu-rity Investigations could not exist without ICE. There is more. Think about the close to 33,000 criminal arrests made by Homeland Security Investigations last year—90 criminal arrests each day. Without ICE, these criminals would still be on the streets, endangering our communities. The $524 million in illicit currency that was seized would be back in circulation, being used in illegal transactions. There were 7,000 pounds of heroin, 57,000 pounds of methamphetamines, and 260,000 pounds of cocaine impounded last year. That poison would all be back on the market and being sold in our communities. I hope our colleagues who are calling for the abolition of ICE are prepared to explain their reasoning for abolishing an agency that combats illegal drug sales and online exploitation and helps protect our Nation’s borders. My re-spectful suggestion would be that they need to spend a little more time thank-ing these public servants for the crit-ical role ICE plays in keeping all of us safe. Maybe they should spend a little time getting to know the ICE officers who go to work every day and do their duty, protecting our country. Earlier this month, Vice President P
ENCE talked about this. He reiterated President Trump’s words of support— that the men and women of ICE are in-credible people. These include the more than 20,000 investigators, field officers, special agents, and analysts, who, as the Vice President said, ‘‘stand up for the rule of law in this nation.’’ Every day, ICE confronts criminal il-legal immigrants who endanger our communities. They fight vicious gangs like MS–13 and stop human smugglers and child traffickers, sometimes en-dangering their own safety. In 2017, the Vice President pointed out that attacks on Customs and Bor-der Protection agents had increased by nearly 75 percent. Deliberately fos-tering resentment, anger, and con-tempt for ICE and our other law en-forcement officials obviously puts our officers in additional danger. This is reckless, not to mention, again, dan-gerous. ICE critics try to justify their calls by pointing out the situation at the border in which certain families were separated but are now in the process of being reunited. We all agree these fam-ilies should be reunited, and I know the Presiding Officer has authored impor-tant legislation to change the law to make sure that families are kept to-gether when they come across the bor-der and claim asylum. But then there are cases processed in an expedited fashion in front of an immigration judge, so if they have some legitimate claim to asylum or immigration bene-fits, they can get that heard. Also, one of the objectives, of course, is to eliminate the failed catch-and-re-lease policies of the past, which have done nothing but encourage additional illegal immigration and reward crimi-nal organizations for whom this is a business model, exploiting gaps in our immigration laws. Unfortunately, when we have Members of Congress who resist fixing those gaps, filling those gaps, and solving the problem, it does nothing but enrich these criminal organizations for whom this is gold. It is clear that the situation at our border is a crisis. In 2014, President Obama called it a humanitarian crisis when tens of thousands of unaccom-panied children came across the border, and that continues today because we haven’t fixed the problem on a bipar-tisan basis, even though those solu-tions are readily available. Those who criticize the enforcement of our immigration laws, the so-called zero tolerance policy, have focused on separating families. So what we have tried to do, since we all agree families should not be separated, is to provide a means for those once separated to be reunited and detained in appropriate facilities and have their cases heard on an expedited basis before an immigra-tion judge. Not fixing the problem will simply encourage more of the same. Unfortunately, as I said, our col-leagues who refuse to be part of the so-lution actually are part of the problem. We know who wins in this game; it is the criminal organizations who are, as one expert said, ‘‘commodity agnos-tic.’’ They will traffic in children; they will traffic in guns; they will traffic in drugs—anything that makes them a buck. This is a very, very lucrative business model for them. Unfortu-nately, when we don’t fix the problem by plugging the holes, we are unwit-tingly helping to support that business model. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Utah. 
TARIFFS  
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I particu-larly enjoyed the remarks of my distin-guished friend from Texas, a good man, who makes a real difference around here. I rise today to speak on the adminis-tration’s recent actions regarding glob-al tariff policy. I am one of the Presi-dent’s strongest supporters in most matters. I have been steadfast in work-ing with President Trump on our shared economic agenda, especially passage of the most important piece of tax reform legislation in a generation. Tax reform is already providing sig-nificant relief to families and busi-nesses, large and small. Businesses across the country are now more glob-ally competitive and are investing in their workforce through wage hikes, bonuses, and increased 401(k) contribu-tions that are benefiting American workers, families, and their commu-nities. But this roaring economy, which we worked together to build for American workers and businesses, is at risk because of the President’s trade policies. Tariffs against our allies and part-ners in Europe, Canada, Mexico, and around the world are already harming American farmers and manufacturers and raising costs for American fami-lies. If this continues, our economy will suffer. I have long advocated for imple-menting enforceable international rules to level the playing field for American businesses, innovators, and entrepreneurs, and I have consistently fought to protect U.S. intellectual property rights around the globe. I have also been committed to advancing a trade agenda that serves the Amer-ican people. But the administration’s recent actions are misguided and will harm, rather than protect, the Amer-ican people. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 Jul 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JY6.011 S17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4980 July 17, 2018 
The administration has implemented or threatened global tariffs on approxi-mately $500 billion of goods. Pure and simple, tariffs are attacks on American businesses and consumers. These ac-tions put American families and busi-nesses at risk and threaten to under-mine the success of tax reform. Fur-thermore, they are closing off inter-national markets that our farmers, ranchers, and other exporters depend on. I have heard from businesses from my home State of Utah that have al-ready been hurt by the imposition of steel and aluminum tariffs. Utah man-ufacturers are struggling with higher steel and aluminum costs and, as a re-sult, are struggling to compete with foreign manufacturers. I have also been hearing from U.S. auto manufacturers and share their deep concerns about the consequences of raising tariffs on cars, trucks, and automotive parts. A decision to raise auto tariffs would lead to a net job loss and lower capital investment in the U.S. auto sector by increasing costs and reducing choice. The result will be lower demand for cars in the United States and lower auto sales and pro-duction. While I share the administration’s goal of strengthening American manu-facturing, tariffs on cars and auto parts would directly injure one of our country’s most important manufac-turing sectors. Some of my colleagues have been pressing the need for legislation to re-strict the trade authorities that Con-gress has delegated to the President, and I have been sympathetic to their efforts. If the administration continues forward with its misguided and reck-less reliance on tariffs, I will work to advance trade legislation to curtail Presidential trade authority. I am dis-cussing legislative options with col-leagues both on and off the Finance Committee, and I will continue to do so. However, I would much rather work with the administration to advance a trade agenda that serves the interests of the American people and job cre-ators. I want the President to hold our trad-ing partners accountable. I want him to negotiate strong deals that help our U.S. companies and workers compete around the globe. In particular, I agree with the Presi-dent that China utilizes mercantilist trade policies to benefit state-owned and Communist Party-controlled firms, harming American companies and workers. We have to help U.S. busi-nesses, innovators, farmers, and ranch-ers compete globally, and that means we have to confront the challenges posed by China. That is why I have rec-ommended to the President that it is time to engage in negotiations with China, using a target of strategy to ad-dress their unfair trade practices. While those efforts are under way, the administration should not impose fur-ther tariffs on our allies and partners, particularly on autos and auto parts. In that way, the President can safe-guard the economic growth we have worked so hard to achieve and give himself a strong negotiating position with China. The administration’s actions on trade have hurt American manufactur-ers, farmers, ranchers, workers, and families. The President has asked all of those groups to endure losses so that he can negotiate winning trade agree-ments. All are watching to see what the President will achieve at the nego-tiating table in return for their sac-rifice. However, now is the time for the President to undertake that effort. I believe that I will support him if he does undertake that effort, and I hope he will. I care a great deal for the President. I want him to be a success. These ap-proaches are not successful. They are not the way to go. I want to help the President to get around those and do the things that he ought to be doing to strengthen our economy and to strengthen our workers and our busi-nesses. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I have come to the floor to oppose the nomi-nation of James Blew for Assistant Secretary for Planning, Evaluation, and Policy Development at the Depart-ment of Education. I am opposing this nomination on behalf of the millions of parents, students, and teachers who made it clear during Secretary DeVos’s confirmation process that they believe the Department of Education’s top pri-orities should be helping to educate our students and supporting our public schools. They made it clear when they posted on social media, voicing con-cerns about Secretary DeVos’s lack of experience and knowledge during her hearing in front of our HELP Com-mittee, when they overwhelmed the Senate switchboard urging their Sen-ators to vote against her nomination, and when they took to the streets to protest her nomination and her ideo-logical agenda. They made it clear that they believe every student has the right to a high quality public education—no matter where they live, how they learn, or how much money their parents make. De-spite an unprecedented tie-breaking vote by Vice President P
ENCE , Sec-retary DeVos has ignored the public’s overwhelming rejection to her extreme ideology. Instead, she continues to pro-mote her privatization agenda, trying to shift taxpayer funds away from our public schools. She is ignoring key parts of our Na-tion’s K–12 law by refusing to hold States accountable for the success of our most vulnerable students. She is making it easier for predatory for-prof-it colleges and corporations to take ad-vantage of students, rolling back pro-tections for students and dismantling the unit that investigates claims of fraud and abuse. Time and again, she is failing our students and her duty to protect their civil rights. She has tried to shrink the Office for Civil Rights, has rescinded guidance for schools on how to investigate claims of campus sexual assault, and has rolled back rules that protect transgender students, students of color, and stu-dents with disabilities. All of those students, parents, and teachers who voiced their concerns about Secretary DeVos during her nomination have not gone away. They are still making their voices heard, de-manding that the Department of Edu-cation start standing up for students. Unfortunately, Mr. Blew, whose nom-ination is before us, has made it clear that he is cut from the same cloth. During his career, Mr. Blew has advo-cated for vouchers. He has failed to adequately support teachers with the tools they need to help their students succeed. He has even worked closely with and helped to fund Secretary DeVos’s privatization efforts. The Office of Planning, Evaluation and Policy Development advises the Secretary in developing and imple-menting policy, which impacts every student in our country. It is a critical position. Given the actions and deci-sions by Secretary DeVos, it is very clear that we need an independent voice in this position. Unfortunately, Mr. Blew has proven that he is not up for that challenge. For that reason, I will vote against his nomination. I ask my colleagues to do the same. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, today the Senate is finally voting to confirm James Blew, who has been nominated to be Assistant Secretary for Planning, Evaluation, and Policy Development at the U.S. Department of Education. He is well-qualified to lead that office. For 20 years, in var-ious roles, he has advocated for im-proving educational opportunities by overseeing grants to low-income, high- risk schools. He has a M.B.A. from Yale University. He will be in charge of helping to manage the Department’s budget and ensure that programs are working as intended. Mr. Blew’s sin with some of my friends on the other side is that he is in favor of giving low-income children a choice of a better school and in favor of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:09 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JY6.013 S17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4981 July 17, 2018 
public charter schools, which gives teachers more freedom to teach and parents more freedom to choose the school for their child. No one should be surprised that a Re-publican president would nominate such an Assistant Secretary of Edu-cation. Every Republican president has nominated assistant secretaries of edu-cation and secretaries of education—I was one of them—who support giving low-income children more choices of good schools—the same choices that wealthier children have—such as public charter schools. As far as public charter schools go, every Democratic president since 1990, when the first charter schools were formed, has supported public charter schools. Mr. Blew did not deserve to be sub-jected to the unreasonable delay and obstruction that the Democrats have given to his nomination. He was nomi-nated on September 28, 2017, 292 days ago. We held a hearing on November 15, 2017, 244 days ago. Going back to the Clinton adminis-tration, there had been no hearings for this position, but I held one anyway, as chairman of the committee, as a cour-tesy to Democrats. Then, Democrats forced Mr. Blew’s nomination to be re-turned to the President at the end of the congressional session last year. Let’s see how that compares to how President Obama’s first Assistant Sec-retary for the same job was treated. Carmel Martin was nominated on March 18, 2009, and was confirmed by voice vote without a hearing on May 1, 2009, 44 days later. It is one thing to vote against a pres-idential nominee. That is appropriate. Any of us can do that. I think it is wrong to always vote against a presi-dential nominee just because you dis-agree with that nominee’s point of view. Why would you not expect a Re-publican president to nominate an as-sistant secretary who favors giving poor children choices of good schools and supports public charter schools that were invented by the Democratic- Farmer-Labor Party in Minnesota and were supported by every Democratic president since 1990? So this unreason-able delay of a well-qualified Assistant Secretary is not good for the Senate, not good for the country, and not good for children who need that sort of lead-ership. I support and urge my colleagues to vote for Mr. Blew. I yield floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Blew nomination? Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. YOUNG ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 50, nays 49, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 156 Ex.] YEAS—50 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—49 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Jones Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
McCain 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
CLOTURE MOTION The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Randal Quarles, of Colorado, to be a Member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System for a term of four-teen years from February 1, 2018. Mitch McConnell, Mike Crapo, Tom Cot-ton, Johnny Isakson, John Kennedy, John Thune, John Boozman, Roy Blunt, John Cornyn, Tim Scott, Rich-ard Burr, Thom Tillis, Cory Gardner, Roger F. Wicker, Mike Rounds, John Barrasso, Jerry Moran. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of Randal Quarles, of Colorado, to be a Member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System for a term of fourteen years from February 1, 2018, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. MCCAIN). The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
RUZ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 66, nays 33, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 157 Ex.] YEAS—66 
Alexander Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cardin Carper Cassidy Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kennedy King Lankford Lee Manchin McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shaheen Shelby Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Van Hollen Warner Wicker Young 
NAYS—33 
Baldwin Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Casey Cortez Masto Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Hirono Kaine Klobuchar Leahy Markey Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Smith Stabenow Udall Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
McCain 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 66, the nays are 33. The motion is agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Randal Quarles, of Colorado, to be a Member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Re-serve System for a term of fourteen years from February 1, 2018. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Montana. 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE  
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing the provisions of rule XXII, all postcloture time on Executive Cal-endar No. 595 be considered expired at 2:25 p.m. and the Senate immediately vote on the nomination; that if con-firmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid on the table and the President be immediately noti-fied of the Senate’s action; and that following disposition of the nomina-tion, the Senate vote on cloture on the Oldham nomination. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:09 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JY6.015 S17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4982 July 17, 2018 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m. Thereupon, the Senate, at 1:04 p.m., recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, the Fed-eral Reserve’s job is to ensure the econ-omy works for average Americans; that Wall Street doesn’t again crash the economy and decimate worker pen-sions; that banks can’t cheat families out of their hard-earned savings; that monetary policy helps workers to find and keep a job that pays a living wage. During his time in the Bush adminis-tration and his role at the Fed so far, Randy Quarles, nominated as Vice Chair of Supervision, has done the op-posite. Time and again, Mr. Quarles has sided with Wall Street and not with workers. Look what happened with the stress tests. The Fed allowed the seven larg-est banks to redirect $96 billion that should be used to pay workers, to re-duce fees for consumers, and protect taxpayers from bailouts. Instead, they plowed that money into share buybacks and dividends that reward— you guessed it—wealthy executives and investors. Two banks had capital below the required amounts. Those banks failed the tests, but they got passing grades anyway. Now the Fed is about to propose new rules to make stress tests even easier next year—making them less frequent and giving banks more leeway to de-sign the exams they will then much more likely pass. The Fed, under Mr. Quarles’ leader-ship, wants to loosen limits on Big Bank borrowing, a move opposed by former Republican FDIC Chair Sheila Bair and former Vice Chair Tom Hoenig. The Fed is proposing to weaken the Volcker rule—the rule that stops big banks from taking big risks with Americans’ money—and the Fed is un-dercutting the role of FSOC and over-sight of foreign megabanks that may soon join a proposal to undermine the Community Reinvestment Act. Again, this is a boon to Wall Street and a punch in the gut to American workers. Wall Street simply doesn’t respect the dignity of work. Data from last week tells a story Ohioans know too well—big banks and corporations are doing better than ever, while workers still haven’t gotten a meaningful raise. So now we install another nominee— this time for 14 years—who doesn’t seem to understand that workers are the backbone of our economy? Mr. Quarles missed the 2008 crisis the last time he was in charge a decade ago. He spent his time at the Fed recently doing favors for Wall Street at the ex-pense of working families. Americans cannot afford a nominee who fails American workers and homeowners and taxpayers. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Nevada. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO. Mr. President, I rise to speak out against the nomina-tion of Randal Quarles to be a member of the Board of Governors of the Fed-eral Reserve System. Mr. Quarles served in the Bush ad-ministration’s Treasury Department in the years that led up to the financial crisis of 2008. His failure to take action to prevent this crisis led to hundreds of thousands of foreclosures and evictions in my home State of Nevada. Nevada was ground zero for the financial crisis. We were the hardest hit of any State in the country. We had the highest fore-closure rate for 62 months straight, and we had the highest number of under-water mortgages. Banks took the homes of more than 219,000 Nevada families. Anyone driving through parts of Las Vegas and Reno in 2009 could see boarded-up houses, ‘‘for sale’’ signs, and empty lots everywhere. On many streets, you would see more houses in foreclosure than not. I was attorney general in Nevada at this time. My team and I did every-thing we could to fight for homeowners and help them save their homes. We sued the big banks and secured $1.9 bil-lion to create the Home Again: Nevada Homeowner Relief Program to help Ne-vadans stay in their homes. As all of this was going on, I knew there was only so much we could do at the State level. We needed real change at the Federal level to prevent the fi-nancial crisis from ever happening again. The Federal regulators should have protected Nevada homeowners, but instead they protected the big banks. I ran for a seat in the Senate be-cause I wanted to change the system. I wanted to put rules in place that pro-tected Nevadans, not Wall Street bank-ers. That is why I cannot, in good con-science, support Randal Quarles’ nomi-nation to a 14-year term as a member of the Board of Governors of the Fed-eral Reserve. Randal Quarles was one of those pol-icymakers in the Bush administration who let the big banks write their own rules. Maybe things would be different if he had learned the lessons of the fi-nancial crisis, if he had demonstrated any understanding that radical finan-cial deregulation only helps the big banks, but Randal Quarles has been sit-ting on the Fed’s Board of Governors since October of last year. Since then, he has advocated for policies that weaken oversight of the financial sys-tem, let big banks gamble with deposi-tors’ money, and undermine protec-tions for consumers and homeowners. Over a decade has passed since the rules he helped write caused hundreds of thousands of Nevadans to lose their homes, and he still hasn’t learned his lesson. He is pushing the same agenda that led to the financial crisis in 2008. The mistakes he made as a member of the Bush administration devastated families and communities in my home State. Now the Senate is about to reward him with a position—the Vice Chair of Supervision—that he will hold for the next 14 years. He will be the lead on writing the rules that govern Wall Street and the banks. I don’t trust him to put families first. I don’t believe he will make our financial systems safer and more fair. Randal Quarles shouldn’t be allowed to oversee our fi-nancial system for 14 minutes. I refuse to rubberstamp his nomination for a position that lasts 14 years. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Idaho. Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I rise to speak in support of the nomination of the Honorable Randal Quarles to be a member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. The Senate has already confirmed Mr. Quarles—this Congress—to serve as a member of the Federal Reserve with a bipartisan vote of 65 to 32, but that term expired on February 1, 2018, and he has been serving as a member of the Board in a holdover capacity since. Confirming Mr. Quarles to a new 14- year term will provide needed stability at the Board and allow for the prompt consideration of other Board nominees. Mr. Quarles has a wealth of govern-ment and private-sector experience dealing with both domestic and inter-national financial markets. In addition to his current service on the Board, his government experience includes serv-ing in multiple top posts in the Treas-ury Department. Currently, only three of the seven available Board seats are filled, and several other nominees to the Board await confirmation. I have appreciated the important work carried out by Mr. Quarles at the Board thus far, includ-ing his role in developing regulatory and supervisory policy for the Federal Reserve System. Some are arguing today he is respon-sible for the housing crisis. He wasn’t on the Federal Reserve Board when the housing crisis occurred. Some have ar-gued that he is trying to weaken stress tests. Yet today, in the face of that very argument, the Chairman of the Federal Reserve testified to the Bank-ing Committee that the stress tests they applied this year, for which they are being criticized, are the strongest stress tests they have applied yet, and they have not given anybody a pass. In fact, those who did not completely pass the test are still required to maintain their capital requirements as they were last year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:09 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JY6.020 S17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4983 July 17, 2018 
If confirmed, I am confident Mr. Quarles’ experience and skill will con-tinue to be effective in terms of help-ing the Board promote the effective op-eration of the U.S. economy and serv-ing the public interest. He has previously received, as I said, bipartisan support, being confirmed last year as Vice Chairman by voice vote, and as a Board member by a vote of 65 to 32. Earlier today, the Senate’s cloture vote on Mr. Quarles’ nomina-tion was 66 to 33—yet again another in-dication of strong bipartisan support for this nomination. I urge all my colleagues to support Mr. Quarles’ nomination today and vote for his confirmation. I yield my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, all time is expired. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Quarles nomi-nation? Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 66, nays 33, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 158 Ex.] YEAS—66 
Alexander Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cardin Carper Cassidy Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kennedy King Lankford Lee Manchin McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shaheen Shelby Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Van Hollen Warner Wicker Young 
NAYS—33 
Baldwin Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Casey Cortez Masto Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Hirono Kaine Klobuchar Leahy Markey Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Smith Stabenow Udall Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
McCain 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. f 
CLOTURE MOTION The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The assistant bill clerk read as fol-lows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Andrew S. Oldham, of Texas, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit. Mitch McConnell, Roger F. Wicker, Steve Daines, Richard Burr, Mike Rounds, Bob Corker, Mike Crapo, Thom Tillis, Chuck Grassley, John Boozman, Johnny Isakson, Orrin G. Hatch, John Cornyn, David Perdue, John Barrasso, John Hoeven, Roy Blunt. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of Andrew S. Oldham, of Texas, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
OEVEN ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 50, nays 49, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 159 Ex.] YEAS—50 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—49 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Jones Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden NOT VOTING—1 
McCain 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 50, the nays are 49. The motion is agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The assistant bill clerk read the nomination of Andrew S. Oldham, of Texas, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. 
NOMINATION OF BRETT KAVANAUGH  
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, as I have done two or three times before in the last week, I would take some of my colleagues’ time to discuss the nomina-tion of Judge Kavanaugh to serve as an Associate Justice on the Supreme Court. I think the debate surrounding his confirmation has highlighted the deep divide between how conservatives view the role of the judiciary versus how lib-erals view it. The reason liberal outside groups oppose Judge Kavanaugh’s nom-ination is quite simple: They don’t think he will promote their preferred policies and the outcomes of those poli-cies while on the Bench. I can’t think of a better example that demonstrates how differently liberals and conservatives view the role of the judiciary, so let me tell you how I and most Americans view the role of the ju-diciary. There are pretty simple things we learned from high school govern-ment courses about the checks and bal-ances of government—pretty simple, pretty common sense, because it is all about the purpose of the Constitution of the United States. Under the Constitution, we have three branches of government. Con-gress makes the law, the President en-forces the law, and the judiciary inter-prets and applies the law and the Con-stitution. The judiciary’s role as a coequal and independent branch of government is significant. It is confined. In the words from the Constitution, they can only deal with cases and controversies. As Alexander Hamilton explained in Fed-eralist Paper No. 78, the judiciary ‘‘may truly be said to have neither FORCE nor WILL, but merely judg-ment.’’ In other words, the judiciary must stay in its lane—a very slow lane—calling balls and strikes as the courts see them, without trying to en-croach on Congress’s authority to make policy through the legislative process. When the Supreme Court goes beyond its mandate and enters the pol-icymaking arena, it threatens the structure of our Constitution. To preserve the judiciary’s independ-ence, Justices of the Supreme Court are appointed for life. They are not di-rectly accountable to the voters for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JY6.022 S17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4984 July 17, 2018 
their decisions. The American people can toss out those of us in Congress if we make bad policy decisions, but if a judge ends up legislating, we are stuck with a judge who made those bad deci-sions for life. The benefit of this arrangement is that judges can make decisions accord-ing to the laws, not based on the whims of political opinion because they are immune from that political opinion. But the downside is that some judges can see their independence as a green light to override the policy choices of Congress or the States and substitute their own policy preferences. The threat this poses to self-government should be very self-evident: Instead of the people’s representatives making policy choices, unelected judges who aren’t answerable to the American peo-ple make them. Conservatives believe that judges must rule according to the law as writ-ten. In any case, the law might lead to a liberal political result or, it might require a conservative political result, but the judge can’t take that into con-sideration. The law must be inter-preted regardless of whether the judge agrees with the political results of the decision. A good judge will oftentimes personally disagree with the result he or she reaches. Many liberals view the role of the ju-diciary very differently. Liberals be-lieve that an independent judiciary, unaccountable to the American people, is a very convenient way to achieve policy outcomes that can’t be achieved through the democratic and represent-ative process. That is why, in nearly every case before the Supreme Court, it is very predictable how the four Demo-crat-appointed Justices will rule. In most cases, they will reach the result that achieves liberal political goals. How else can you explain the fact that the Democrat-appointed Justices have voted to strike down every restriction on abortion—a right that appears no-where in the Constitution—but would uphold restrictions on political speech or gun rights? After all, these rights are expressly covered by the First and Second Amendments. The unfortunate reality is that lib-eral jurisprudence is thinly veiled lib-eral policymaking, and I am very gen-erous when I say ‘‘thinly veiled.’’ This explains many of the leftwing attacks on Judge Kavanaugh that are now going on. Judge Kavanaugh has a track record of putting aside any policy pref-erences that he has and ruling accord-ing to the law as it is written. I think this is a virtue. Indeed, it is necessary for judges to do that—to show their im-partiality, to show their judicial temperaments. But liberal outside groups and their Senate allies see this as a threat. They want judges who will impose their policy preferences—only have those policy preferences disguised as law, of course. They want politicians hiding under their judicial robes. That is why many of the attacks on Judge Kavanaugh are based on policy out-comes. Leftwing groups are spending mil-lions of dollars to convince the Amer-ican people that Judge Kavanaugh is hostile to their preferred policies. I be-lieve this effort will be unsuccessful. What the American people see in Judge Kavanaugh is a judge who will rule ac-cording to the law, not for or against various policies. Nine Ivy League Justices and their cadre of mostly Ivy League law clerks aren’t equipped to replace Congress’s exclusive lawmaking function. One attack I have seen on Judge Kavanaugh is that he represents a threat to the Affordable Care Act’s pro-tection of people with preexisting con-ditions. I want to tell you why numeri-cally that just doesn’t work out—be-cause the same five Justices who twice upheld the constitutionality of the Af-fordable Care Act are still on the Court. Justice Kennedy, whom Judge Kavanaugh would replace, voted to strike down the Affordable Care Act. In other words, even assuming you could predict Judge Kavanaugh’s vote 1 year or 10 years from now on the Affordable Care Act, his vote would not change the outcome. Moreover, Judge Kavanaugh had two opportunities to strike down the Affordable Care Act on the DC Circuit, where he now serves. He did not do it. So where do they get the idea that he is a predictable vote to undo the ACA? For those of us for repeal, maybe we ought to vote against him because he hasn’t voted that way on the DC Cir-cuit—those of us who thought the Af-fordable Care Act should be repealed— and because he may not be a sure vote to do that. And even if he were, there are still five votes to preserve it. The leftwing groups might want to put away their crystal ball. Even the New York Times fact checker threw cold water on the argument that Kavanaugh was a sure vote against the Affordable Care Act. The New York Times labeled the leftwing attacks ‘‘exaggerated.’’ Another attack on Judge Kavanaugh is that he is hostile to abortion rights. This attack misrepresents his record on the DC Circuit. There, Judge Kavanaugh acknowledged that the court must decide the case based on Roe v. Wade and subsequent abortion decisions. He applied the precedent, as precedent requires judges to so do. We hear the same fearmongering over abortion every time there is a Supreme Court vacancy. I remember that 38 years ago when Sandra Day O’Connor was going to be the first woman ap-pointed to the Supreme Court, there was real worry then that Roe v. Wade was in jeopardy. She is one of those who preserved it in the Casey v. Planned Parenthood case 12 years later, as she got on the Court. Yet Roe v. Wade is still the law of the land. Jus-tices have a way of surprising us. I think Justice Kennedy, now leaving the Court, was one of those because even though we didn’t pursue this in depth with him at his hearing, those of us who are pro-life—and I am one of them—were pretty assured that Ken-nedy might be one of those votes to override Roe v. Wade. Yet, in 1992, in the Casey v. Planned Parenthood case, Kennedy was one of the majority who voted not to do any harm whatsoever to Roe v. Wade. There is no way to predict how a Jus-tice will rule in a particular case. Many times, this Senator has been dis-appointed by what he thought a Jus-tice might do if approved. Who could have predicted that Judge Scalia, for example, would strike down a ban on flag-burning? Just this term, we saw how Justices appointed by Republican Presidents can reach decisions with lib-eral political results because that is what the law requires. In Sessions v. Dimaya, Justice Gorsuch sided with an immigrant who challenged a statute under which he could have been de-ported as unconstitutionally vague. In Carpenter v. the United States, our Chief Justice Roberts, who most of the time is considered a conservative or strict constructionist, held that police were required to obtain a warrant be-fore searching cell phone location data. If you are a law enforcement person, you consider that a bad decision. If you are a privacy rights person, you con-sider Chief Justice Roberts to be right. It is sad—very sad—but not sur-prising that leftwing groups and their Senate allies oppose Judge Kavanaugh’s confirmation based on policy concerns rather than on legal concerns. Luckily, a majority of Amer-icans and a majority of Senators be-lieve that the mark of a really good judge is someone who does what the Constitution assigns them to do—inter-pret the law as written, regardless of whether the result is liberal or con-servative or even anything in between. As Justice Gorsuch said, judges wear robes, not capes. In his 12 years on the DC Circuit, Judge Kavanaugh has a clear track record of setting aside any policy pref-erences and ruling according to law as Congress wrote it. Criticizing the re-sults of certain decisions says more about his critics than about the judge himself. We are already seeing an attempt at Borking Judge Kavanaugh. I was in the Senate when liberal groups and some of my colleagues smeared the highly re-spected Judge Bork after he was nomi-nated for the Supreme Court. Judge Bork was very candid with the Senate Judiciary Committee. He was unfairly attacked for being so candid. We are seeing liberal groups and their Senate allies try to replicate this shameful episode. But since the nomination of Justice Ginsburg to the Supreme Court, the tradition has been for nominees to, in her words, give ‘‘no hints, no forecasts, no previews’’ of how they would vote, and that applies to how they would ad-dress certain cases. In a press con-ference last year, the minority leader affirmed that ‘‘there is a grand tradi-tion that I support that you can’t ask’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JY6.026 S17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4985 July 17, 2018 
a judicial nominee ‘‘about a specific case that might come before them.’’ That is exactly the Ginsburg rule. I expect, if Judge Kavanaugh wants to be on the Supreme Court not only for the sake of being on the Supreme Court, getting there, but also to serve the role he ought to serve as an impar-tial Justice, that he is going to follow the Ginsburg rule when he comes be-fore my Judiciary Committee. I im-plore my colleagues not to try to ex-tract assurances about how he will rule in specific cases in exchange for a con-firmation vote, because they ought to get the answer from Kavanaugh that Ginsburg would give and, as far as I know, every one of the nominees since then. The only question that matters is this: Does Judge Kavanaugh strive to apply the law as written by Congress, regardless of his personal views? From what I know about Judge Kavanaugh— and I haven’t gone through all of his 300 opinions yet that he has written as a circuit judge, but the answer appears to be yes. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, if there is one thing we have been able to rely on over the past half century or so, it is Democratic hysteria over Republican Supreme Court nominations. No sooner does a Republican President announce a nomination than the Democrats are off and running. It doesn’t matter who the nominee is—the playbook is the same. The Democrats warn that equal rights are in jeopardy; that our system of government may not survive; in fact, that Americans may not survive. That is right. In the lead-up to Justice Gorsuch’s confirmation, the head of one liberal organization stated that there was ‘‘substantial evidence’’ that if Gorsuch’s ‘‘egregious views were to become law, Americans’ lives . . . would be put at risk in untold ways.’’ I am happy to report that a year into Justice Gorsuch’s tenure on the Su-preme Court, Americans seem to be doing OK. Fast-forward to Judge Kavanaugh’s Supreme Court nomination, and once again, Democrats are predicting that the sky will fall if a Republican Presi-dent’s Supreme Court nominee is con-firmed. Faced with an eminently well-quali-fied, mainstream nominee, they have been forced to resort to distortions or outright conspiracy theories to make their case. Their statements have been so extreme that they have already been called out more than once by the main-stream media. The New York Times—not exactly known as an apologist for the Repub-lican Party—published a fact check with the headline ‘‘Democrats Over-state Kavanaugh’s Writings on the Af-fordable Care Act.’’ The Washington Post published a fact check that described a Democratic characterization of Kavanaugh as ‘‘ex-treme distortion.’’ Two tweets offering a truly absurd conspiracy theory about Justice Kennedy’s resignation received four Pinocchios from the Washington Post—a rating that qualifies the tweets as ‘‘whoppers.’’ At the root of Democrats’ frenzy is their belief that the only good Supreme Court Justice is a Supreme Court Jus-tice who shares their political beliefs and who will rule in support of them. That is a very disturbing point of view. Our system of government is based on the rule of law, but the rule of law de-pends on having judges who will rule based on the law and the facts, not on their personal opinions. Once judges start ruling based on their political opinions or their feel-ings about what they would like the law to be, then we will have replaced the rule of law with the rule of indi-vidual judges. That is exactly what Democrats are pushing for. They are looking for Supreme Court Justices who will rule based not on the law but their personal beliefs. More specifi-cally, they are looking for judges who will rule based on Democrats’ beliefs. Just look at the Democrats’ state-ments since Judge Kavanaugh’s nomi-nation. Democrats aren’t interested in whether Judge Kavanaugh is qualified or will rule in accordance with the law; instead, they are concerned about his views on specific issues and whether those views line up with Democrats’ opinions. Democrats want a Supreme Court that will ratify the opinions of the Democratic Party, whether or not those opinions are in line with the law or the Constitution. Of course judges have political opinions. Of course judges have personal feelings. When you are a judge, your job is to leave those things at the courtroom door. Your job is to judge based on the law and the facts, even when you don’t like—especially when you don’t like the outcome. As Justice Gorsuch has said, ‘‘A judge who likes every outcome he reaches is very likely a bad judge— stretching for results he prefers rather than those the law demands.’’ I don’t know how Judge Kavanaugh would rule on the cases he would face as a member of the Supreme Court, but I do know that in each and every case, he would look not for the results he prefers but for those the law demands. In a 2017 speech at Notre Dame Law School, Judge Kavanaugh said: 
I believe very deeply in those visions of the rule of law as a law of rules, and of the judge as umpire. By that, I mean a neutral, impar-tial judiciary that decides cases based on set-tled principles without regard to policy pref-erences or political allegiances or which party is on which side in a particular case. 
That is it. That is the job of a judge— to serve as the umpire, to call the balls and strikes, not rewrite the rules of the game. When you are considering a can-didate for Congress, political opinions, like those the Democrats are demand-ing, matter. When it comes to judges, there are really only two important questions: First, is this judge well qualified? Second, does this person un-derstand the proper role of a judge? When it comes to Judge Kavanaugh, the answer to both questions is yes. His qualifications are outstanding. He is a graduate of Yale Law School. He clerked for a Supreme Court Justice. He is a lecturer at Harvard Law School. Most importantly, as a judge on the DC Circuit Court of Appeals, he has handed down thoughtful, well-re-spected decisions that reveal his deep respect for the law and the Constitu-tion and his understanding that it is a judge’s job to interpret the law, not to legislate from the bench. It is unfortunate that Democrats’ be-lief that the only good judges are lib-eral judges is preventing them from giving an outstandingly qualified nominee like Judge Kavanaugh a fair hearing. There is still time for them to abandon their partisan political opposi-tion and take a real look at Judge Kavanaugh’s qualifications for the Su-preme Court. I hope they will. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. TRUMP -PUTIN SUMMIT  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I join with my colleagues this afternoon to talk about the President’s deeply em-barrassing and disgraceful meeting with President Putin yesterday. But first, allow me to comment on what we just heard from the President. A few minutes ago, President Trump seemed to say that he accepts the find-ings of the intelligence community that Russia meddled in our election. Well, welcome to the club, President Trump. We have known since the middle of the 2016 election that they meddled. For the President to admit it now is cold comfort to a disturbed public that has watched him bend over backward to avoid criticizing Putin directly. President Trump may be trying to squirm away from what he said yester-day, but it is 24 hours too late—and in the wrong place—for the President to take a real stance on Putin’s election meddling. Amazingly, President Trump, after reading his statement that he accepted the intelligence community’s conclu-sion that Putin meddled in our elec-tion, added, in his own words, ‘‘could be other people also. A lot of people out there.’’ This is just like Charlottes-ville. He made a horrible statement, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JY6.027 S17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4986 July 17, 2018 
tried to back off, but couldn’t even bring himself to back off. It shows the weakness of this President. It shows the weakness of President Trump—that he is afraid to confront Mr. Putin di-rectly. Like a coward, he tries to squeal away from it when he is several thousand miles away. What is President Putin going to take out of the President’s actions today? That the man is weak, that he is afraid, that he is cowardly, and that Putin will feel he can take even further advantage of Donald Trump. The President is now asking the American people not to believe their own eyes and ears about what he told the world in Helsinki yesterday. Even in his completely implausible effort to ‘‘correct’’ his own words, he departed from his text to again claim that the hacking could have been done by some-one other than Russia. If the President can’t say directly to President Putin ‘‘Mr. Putin, you are wrong and we are right; our intelligence agencies are right,’’ it is ineffective, and worse, it shows such weakness. It tells President Putin to continue to take advantage of the United States because President Trump doesn’t have the courage, the strength, maybe not even the convic-tion to say to President Putin’s face what he tried to say a few minutes ago. The President’s comments a moment ago changed very little. The question still remains: What will the Senate do in response? I have seen a few of my Republican colleagues shrug their shoulders, claiming they have done all they can. That is bunk. As Senators, we have a responsibility and an abil-ity—an incredible power given to us by the Founding Fathers to check and bal-ance this President. As I said this morning, here are a few things the Senate can do immediately in response to the President’s disas-trous summit. We can ratchet up sanc-tions on Russia, not water them down. Sanctions we passed 98 to 2 have not even been fully implemented by the Trump administration. And now some-one has inserted a loophole to water them down in the House defense legis-lation. Second, our Republican colleagues need to immediately join us in de-manding public testimony from the President’s national security team that was in Helsinki. Secretary Pompeo, DNI Director Coats, Ambas-sador Huntsman, and anybody else who was part of that team ought to be tes-tifying openly, publicly, and directly to Congress. We need to know this be-cause, as frightening and damaging as the President’s comments were to the public in Helsinki, what he said behind closed doors is, in all likelihood, even worse. Why did the President want to close the doors? There are lots of expla-nations. None of them are good. Does anyone believe that President Trump was tougher on Putin in secret? Why else did he not want anyone in the room? Next, where are the notes from that meeting? What did the President agree to? Can we have the translator come in and testify? Was Secretary of State Pompeo briefed afterward on what hap-pened? Did he take notes? Were any other members of the President’s team briefed? The notes need to be turned over to Congress immediately. I am calling on Leader M
CCONNELL  and his Republican leadership team to immediately request a hearing with Pompeo, Coats, Huntsman, the rest of the President’s national security team in Helsinki, and with the translator, so we can learn the full extent of what happened behind closed doors. Our na-tional security is at risk. It is an un-usual request for unusual times. Next, our Republican friends must end attacks on the Justice Depart-ment, the FBI, particularly the special counsel, and let the investigation pro-ceed unimpeded. The best way to do this is to pass the legislation, authored by a bipartisan group led by Senators C
OONS and B OOKER on our side and Sen-ator T
ILLIS and G RAHAM on the Repub-lican side, which passed out of the Ju-diciary Committee. Leader M
CCONNELL , if you are serious about checks and balances, if you are serious about making sure President Trump obeys the law and protects our security, put that bill on the floor now. It will pass. Fourth, the President must release his tax returns and insist that the 12 Russians indicted for election inter-ference are handed over. The President has refused to release his tax returns, but these bizarre actions he has taken seem to indicate that President Putin has something over President Trump, something personal, and it might be fi-nancial. We need to see the tax returns. Finally, we must move the election security legislation immediately. Sen-ator K
LOBUCHAR has bipartisan legisla-tion. Senator V
ANHOLLEN has bipar-tisan legislation. Senator H
ARRIS has legislation. We need to move it. Leader M
CCONNELL has talked about it a little bit. Let’s move it quickly, but remem-ber, the President still has control be-cause the Director of National Intel-ligence has the ability to put out this report, and he is, after all, a Presi-dential appointee. I have some faith in the integrity of Mr. Coats, but he may not even be there after November, par-ticularly given the way President Trump treats his appointees. So that legislation is good and necessary, but hardly sufficient. I hope our Senate will move; I hope our Republican colleagues will not just talk the talk, but walk the walk. ‘‘Tsk, tsk’’ is not enough when national secu-rity is at stake. Action—bipartisan ac-tion—is required. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. F
LAKE ). The Senator from Virginia. Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, I rise to follow my leader and talk about this issue of great importance. Let me begin with something I cher-ish. I have a photo, taken on December 1, 2016, of one of my children in snowy fields in Lithuania in a U.S. military operation with NATO troops called Op-eration Iron Sword. The photo is of my son taking the oath of office to become a captain in the United States Marine Corps. He was deployed with 1,200 mem-bers of his battalion on the border of Russia between the Black Sea and the Baltic Sea, to protect America against a nation that General Joe Dunford, the head of our Joint Chiefs of Staff, de-scribes as our principal adversary. These 1,200 young men and women were deployed far from home, working to-gether with a nation on the Russian border to protect them and to protect our country. My son was not alone with the Ma-rines; there were also troops from many NATO nations and Lithuania and troops from other service branches of the United States. I hope you will for-give me for being a little bit Marine- centric. The Marine motto ‘‘Semper Fidelis’’ means ‘‘always faithful,’’ but I think that motto applies not just to marines but to all who wear the uniform in the United States, certainly those helping the European allies counter Russian aggression and those 1.3 million people on Active Duty today—‘‘always faith-ful.’’ After the last week, a very profound question has been raised. While our troops can carry that and meet that ‘‘always faithful’’ standard, I think we have some significant questions about this President. Would he meet the same standard—‘‘Semper Fidelis,’’ ‘‘al-ways faithful’’? Would he meet it for this country? Will the Senate meet the ‘‘always faithful’’ standard? In the President’s first year and a half in office, exercising the responsi-bility to be a Commander in Chief, I would say he has been a bit more of a ‘‘disruptor in chief.’’ We have had Presidents of both parties since the be-ginning of the 20th century—Presidents Wilson, FDR, President Truman, Presi-dent Reagan, other Presidents of both parties—who always tried to be Com-manders in Chief, who tried to be build-ers of security, builders of alliances. That is not the path the current Presi-dent has taken. He has tried to be more of a disruptor. He has pulled America out of a diplo-matic deal with Iran that allied na-tions in the International Atomic En-ergy Agency said Iran was complying with. I am not aware of the United States ever unilaterally backing out of a deal when there was a consensus that the other nations were complying with it. He has pulled us out of a climate ac-cord that we reached with other na-tions in Paris. He has unilaterally decided that the United States would be the only hold-out nation not participating in a U.N. global compact on migration to try to deal with the problem of migrants around the world. He has loved to name-call our allies. It was shameful last week on his trip 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JY6.029 S17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4987 July 17, 2018 
to Europe that, essentially sitting in Prime Minister Theresa May’s front of-fice, he trashed her—one of our great allies. He trashed Angela Merkel, and he has done this before to the Prime Minister of Canada, the Prime Minister of Australia. Important allies of the United States have found themselves being name-called by this petty man. He has undercut valuable U.S. alli-ances. He described last week the Euro-pean Union and Europe as our principal foe. He has repeatedly described NATO as obsolete. He has now launched trade wars against allies of the United States, asserting that national secu-rity demands that he do so. The Presiding Officer and I were to-gether in a meeting with the Canadian Foreign Minister in the last couple of weeks. She looked us in the eye and asked: Do you know how insulting it is that you would describe Canada—with the longest, undefended border in the world with another country, your ally in every war since the War of 1812, whose troops are serving side by side with Americans in Afghanistan, and who are fighting ISIS in Iraq today—as a national security threat? We heard the same thing from Ger-many’s Foreign Minister in the after-math of this parade of insults against our allies last week. In the aftermath of using a national security waiver against our allies, the German Foreign Minister said just yesterday—and these should be painful words for anybody who cares about this country—that the United States is no longer a reliable ally. To top all of this off, if there is a new low—and it may be debased even fur-ther tomorrow—it is the President’s performance of standing next to Vladi-mir Putin, whose aggression against other nations, including the United States, has put troops, like my son, on the Russian border to work with allies halfway around the world—far from their families, far from their homes— and taking Putin’s side over that of pa-triotic Americans who are working in our national security establishment and who have unanimously concluded that Russia attacked our 2016 election. For him to say ‘‘Well, my people say they did, but he says they didn’t; I can’t see why Russia would,’’ what an abomination to all of the hard-working Americans who are with agencies like the CIA and the FBI and with other na-tional security agencies who have reached a consensus opinion that Rus-sia cyber attacked the integrity of our elections. To have watched this Presi-dent stand on the stage publicly and say that he believed Vladimir Putin over patriotic Americans who were doing this work was a new low. They attacked us. A President who would say there are good people on both sides of a White supremacy rally when there were three people killed in Charlottesville, VA, in-cluding two State Troopers I knew, is the same President who would stand next to a dictator who attacked us and take his side over the side of American security professionals. So I return to the question. The Americans who wear the uniform, whether they be marines or not, are al-ways faithful. The President’s perform-ance, especially in the last week, raises deep questions about whether he meets that standard. Yet I think, for purposes of today, as I conclude, the question has to be: Will the Senate meet the standard? I don’t expect anyone in the adminis-tration to check this bad behavior. Some may encourage the President to do differently. Some may try to check the bad behavior, but I don’t think they will be able to. I think we would be naive, frankly, to think that the House of Representatives would check the bad behavior. The fact that the Se-lect Committee on Intelligence’s inves-tigation on the House side has gone off the rails suggests that it will not. The question is posed pretty starkly, and it sits directly on our shoulders: Will the U.S. Senate take the steps to protect this country from the destruc-tion we are seeing right now? There needs to be a briefing of the Senate as to what was going on last week and what was discussed with Vladimir Putin and what could be the justification for the horrible capitula-tion we saw. We need to do all we can to protect the Mueller investigation and let it reach its end point so we know who was culpable and how to protect our elec-tions. The Russians who have invaded our election system need to be extra-dited to the United States. The admin-istration needs to implement the sanc-tions legislation that this body passed by 98 to 2. We also need to grapple with election security questions. I was a mayor and a Governor with boards of elections that ran elections, and no one has con-fidence that this President and this ad-ministration will protect American elections. As I close, I will just say—and I have not said it in the time I have been in the Senate, and I hope I never say it again—that I think this issue and this time may well be one of the most im-portant moments in the history of the entire U.S. Senate. We will either rise to the occasion and will show that we are always faithful or we will not. I hope we will. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mi-nority whip. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, back in the day when I was a trial lawyer and we had had a witness come to the stand who had made a big mistake—who had said something that would hurt your case or, maybe, even decide it the wrong way or who had misrepresented someone—you went through a period of rehabilitating the witness, which meant, basically, asking friendly ques-tions and trying to get that witness back into a credible position. Some-times it works and sometimes it doesn’t. This afternoon, President Trump at-tempted to rehabilitate himself for his performance in Helsinki, Finland. The President said: 
While I had a great meeting with NATO, raising vast amounts of money, I had an even better meeting with Vladimir Putin of Russia. Sadly, it is not being reported that way—the Fake News is going Crazy! 
I don’t think that comment is going to rehabilitate President Trump from his performance in Helsinki. It was sad, heartbreaking, and, in many ways, in-furiating to think that he stood within a few feet of this Russian tyrant and said he believed that man, Vladimir Putin, more than he believed the intel-ligence agencies—the Department of Defense and the Department of Jus-tice—of the United States of America. That was what he said, and it was a moment that will not easily be forgot-ten. It is not something he can talk his way out of. He made similarly incoherent and jarring comments moments ago in an apparent damage control event. He went so far as to say that our NATO al-lies ‘‘were thrilled’’ with his recent visit during which he bullied and belit-tled them. In some moments, the President loses touch with reality. He believes that we are suffering from national amnesia and that we can’t remember what happened yesterday or last week. We remember. The reason we remem-ber is that it is such a dramatic depar-ture from the conduct of previous Presidents and that it is such a dra-matic departure from the history of the United States. I think our Presi-dent’s sense of history reaches back to the day before yesterday and not far beyond. He does not realize, as President Reagan said so often, that our NATO alliance is critical to the security of the United States and to our European friends and to the world. He just doesn’t get it. He doesn’t understand why that alliance is so critical. He be-littles it. He bullies the members. He picks some of our strongest allies and decides to make them spectacles of his performance. That doesn’t make it any easier for them to continue to stand by our side, and it, certainly, doesn’t put them in a position of trusting us in the future if they desperately need us. My mother was born in Lithuania, in the Baltics. I have been there many, many times. They are great little countries—Estonia, Latvia, and Lith-uania—and next-door, Poland. They have seen a lot over the years. They have been overrun by Nazis and Com-munists, and they have seen their free-doms be eliminated under autocratic rule. They believed, when they finally restored democracy about 25 or 30 years ago, that their only chance— their only guarantee of any future— was going to be with the NATO alli-ance, with becoming part of Europe— with becoming part of this great alli-ance with the United States. Last night, I was with Gordon Smith, a former Senator from Oregon. We both 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JY6.030 S17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4988 July 17, 2018 
remembered a visit to Lithuania in 1999 where there was this rally, this small rally, in one of the public streets in Lithuania. It was a NATO rally or, as they called it, ‘‘GNAT-OH.’’ They were chanting in Lithuanian how much they wanted to be part of NATO. They un-derstood then and they understand today that the NATO alliance is Lithu-ania’s ticket to freedom, that the NATO alliance is its insurance policy. The NATO alliance gives it hope that there will not be another generation of Lithuanians who will live in suppres-sion and chains. When the President belittles this and suggests that, perhaps, the Baltics are on the table when he talks of Vladimir Putin, it strikes fear in the hearts of God-fearing people who basically can still remember what it means to be under the heel of the Communist lead-ership of Moscow. The President just doesn’t get it. He does not understand the importance of it. He, certainly, doesn’t understand Vladimir Putin. To think that he would allow Putin to use what he called ‘‘powerful words’’ and deny what we already know to be true says that the President is very gullible. What is it about this relationship be-tween Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin? How can you explain this? Why would a President of the United States be bowing and scraping to this Russian tyrant—to a man who has a dismal record when it comes to human rights, to a man who led his troops in the in-vasion of the nation of Georgia and who invaded Ukraine and who took over Crimea, to a man who set up a sit-uation in Syria in which innocent peo-ple would die and in which their own tyrant would succeed, to a man who in-vaded our election process as he did? I guess what we are looking for now, as our minority leader, Senator S
CHU-
MER, said earlier, is an accounting of what actually happened in Helsinki. This disastrous meeting between Presi-dent Trump and Vladimir Putin needs to be fully explained to the American people. I join with Senator S
CHUMER in calling for hearings with the Presi-dent’s Helsinki team—with Mike Pompeo, the Secretary of State, and with Dan Coats, the Director of Na-tional Intelligence and a man I greatly respect, who showed a steel spine this last week as he witnessed the Presi-dent’s turning on him and the intel-ligence community, and with Mr. Huntsman, our Ambassador to Moscow. They should all be coming to Wash-ington quickly to explain what hap-pened and how to repair the damage created by President Trump. We need to see a transcript of the one-on-one meeting with President Trump and Vladimir Putin. If he were so deferential in his public press con-ference with Vladimir Putin, what did our President say to Putin behind closed doors? It is not too much for the American people to ask for an account-ing. We need to make sure that the Re-publicans will join us in protecting the Office of Special Counsel. So far, Rob-ert Mueller’s investigation has led to the indictments of 32 individuals, and 5 have already pled guilty. The latest in-cluded 12 Russian intelligence agents who were specified by name as being involved in the efforts to undo our elec-tion. We also need something that is very basic and, I think, that all of us have now come to realize is essential. Presi-dent Donald Trump can no longer refuse to disclose his income tax re-turns. He did it throughout the cam-paign. He has refused to make a disclo-sure since. We need to know his finan-cial relationship with Russia and Vladimir Putin’s oligarchs. There has to be more to the story than we know today, and it is time for this President to come clean. Finally, we need to press for election security legislation. We live in a dan-gerous moment. I also agree with former Senator Dan Coats. It is a mo-ment at which the Russians will try to take advantage of us. My last plea will be to my colleagues who have not spoken out clearly on this subject—not to the Presiding Offi-cer, because he has spoken out, and I respect him so much. We need them to come forward and make it clear on a bipartisan basis that we stand together when it comes to foreign policy, the values of this Nation, and the security of the United States. We understand that Vladimir Putin has been a tyrant who has really made life miserable and who has killed many innocent people in his rage against the West and against the United States. Most of all, we need more Republican Senators who will join with those in the past who have stepped forward and put country first over party. I remem-ber reading the history of the Nixon years and the breaking point. The breaking point finally occurred when people like Republican Senator Barry Goldwater, of Arizona, stood up and said: ‘‘There are only so many lies you can take, and now there has been one too many.’’ He joined with several other Republican Senators and went down to the White House and sat face- to-face with President Richard Nixon. They sat directly in front of him and explained that enough was enough. It will take that. It will take that again for Republican Senators to have the courage to meet with this Presi-dent and tell him he has to stop giving away the heritage, the values, and the legacy of the United States of America. Those courageous Americans back in that day were, of course, talking about lies, corruption, obstruction of justice, and dangers to our democratic system. They took the oath of office. It is the same one we have taken to protect the Constitution against all enemies, for-eign and domestic, and to, certainly, put party second to our obligations to our Nation. For their courage, we and history owe them a debt of gratitude. Since yesterday’s fiasco with Putin, only one Republican has spoken specifically on the Senate floor about this crisis. He was joined by the most eloquent state-ment by JOHNMCCAIN, who, because of illness, could not be physically present. That is it. It is not enough. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Jersey. Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I rise to urge this body to uphold our solemn responsibility to preserve, pro-tect, and defend the Constitution of the United States and to protect the Na-tion from all enemies, foreign and do-mestic. I have long believed the President’s words and actions have undermined our national interests and our values, but yesterday felt different. As someone who has sat for 26 years on the House and Senate Foreign Rela-tions Committee, it was a day of in-famy in the history of our foreign pol-icy. Yesterday, the American people wit-nessed a supplicant President of the United States capitulate to a brutal foreign leader on the world stage. Far from standing up to Putin, President Trump was unable to even acknowledge Russia’s attack in 2016 and the contin-ued threat it poses today. Instead, the President reverted to his own insecu-rities about his electoral victory and disturbingly subverted the work of the men and women who lead our intel-ligence community. I shouldn’t have to repeat this, but I will, and I hope my colleagues on both sides of the aisle are as unequivocal as well. Seventeen—seventeen—U.S. intel-ligence agencies together assessed that Russian President Vladimir Putin or-dered a sophisticated influence cam-paign aimed at the 2016 Presidential election. Yet the President said he had ‘‘no reason to believe’’ Russia inter-fered, and I have no reason to believe what he tried to clean up today. Those statements directly contra-dicted statements from then-CIA Di-rector Mike Pompeo—who is now the Secretary of State—the U.S. Vice President, Michael Pence, and the Di-rector of U.S. National Intelligence. The President said: 
I have great confidence in my intelligence people, but I will tell you that President Putin was extremely strong and powerful in his denial today. And what he did is an in-credible offer; he offered to have the people working on the case come and work with their investigators— 
With respect to the 12 military intel-ligence officers that the special counsel indicted— 
I think that is an incredible offer. 
The only incredible thing about that offer is that the President of the United States would invite the perpe-trator of the crime to help with the in-vestigation. That is incredible. Every time President Trump failed to stand up to Vladimir Putin felt like a collective punch in the gut of the American people. It was disturbing and saddening to see the leader of the free world shrink in the face of a dictator. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JY6.032 S17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4989 July 17, 2018 
Just as disturbing is, we have no idea what transpired between President Trump and Putin during their secre-tive, lengthy meeting. What could the President need to discuss with Presi-dent Putin for 2 hours with no other advisers present? If President Trump said such appalling things in public, Lord knows what he would have said to Putin in private. We deserve to know what was said and what was agreed to. We can’t afford to be blindsided or out-maneuvered. Just today, the Russian Ministry of Defense publicly stated it is preparing to start implementing an agreement that the President apparently struck in Helsinki with President Putin—an agreement that neither Congress nor the American people have been in-formed about. President Trump, to adequately pro-tect America’s interests, we need to know what commitments you made to Putin. What specific topics did you dis-cuss? What were the suggestions Presi-dent Putin made to you? Did you dis-cuss any changes to international secu-rity agreements, and, if so, what were they? Did you advocate for the extra-dition of the 12 Russian intelligence of-ficers indicted last Friday? Did you make any commitments to the U.S. role regarding Syria? Did you press Russia to return to compliance with the INF Treaty and halt its nuclear threats against Europe? Did you dis-cuss U.S. sanctions on Russia, includ-ing CAATSA sanctions that this body passed 98 to 2? If so, did you commit to any action? Did you call upon President Putin to withdraw from Crimea and eastern Ukraine so both areas can be returned to the sovereign Government of Ukraine or did you ultimately give up on Crimea? Did you discuss NATO military exer-cises scheduled for this fall? Did you agree to roll back or change the nature of those exercises? Did you discuss U.S. security assistance to Ukraine and make any concessions regarding their continuation? Did you raise the issue of political prisoners with President Putin, includ-ing that of Oleg Sentsov, the Ukrainian filmmaker who has been detained for 4 years on a hunger strike? What, if anything, did you commit to? We need to know. The President keeps saying having a good relationship with Russia would be a good thing. Of course, having good re-lationships with countries, in general, is a good thing, but those relationships must be grounded in trust, in coopera-tion, in the values we share—values like human rights, democracies, self- governance, and individual freedom. We do not share values with a coun-try that attacks our elections and, by doing so, seeks to undermine our de-mocracy. We do not share values with a country that invades its sovereign neighbors and engages in a brutal war with Ukraine. We do not share values with a country that bolsters the Butch-er of Damascus and is complicit in war crimes in Syria. We do not share values with a country that assassinates polit-ical opponents and jails journalists. We do not share values with a country that continuously violates the international order. We do not share values with Russia under Putin. We take oaths when we are sworn into office. President Trump did as well. Yesterday’s behavior, from my view, was an abdication of that oath to preserve, protect, and defend the Con-stitution of the United States. We have reached a terrible and his-toric low point in the United States. An American President, it seems, has teamed up with Russian intelligence against our democracy, our FBI, our Justice Department, and our intel-ligence community. Our President is more closely aligned with Vladimir Putin than he is with his own government. It is unfortunate we have come to expect this behavior. President Trump has made his fixation on Putin and his affinity for authori-tarians crystal clear, and America is weaker because of it. The question is, Are Senate Republicans OK with this? Except for the Presiding Officer and one or two other colleagues, from the silence of many or the feeble comments of others, I would say so. Are they willing to concede Russian policy to President Trump? Is the price of letting this President surrender to a brutal dictator in Moscow some cor-porate tax cuts and a Supreme Court seat? Tweeting about being ‘‘troubled’’— troubled—is shamefully inappropriate. Signing on to symbolic measures that carry no force of law is a joke, and re-maining silent in the face of betrayal is nothing less than complicity. It is time the Republican-led Con-gress live up to its constitutional re-sponsibilities. If this Senate is to re-spond appropriately, here is what we must immediately do, starting this week: First, the Foreign Relations Com-mittee; the Armed Services Com-mittee, of which my distinguished col-league is the ranking Democrat; and the Intelligence Committee, of which my distinguished colleague is a mem-ber, must hold hearings on what hap-pened in Helsinki. We have a right and a responsibility to know what tran-spired between Trump and Putin and how it affects American citizens. We have the power to compel the adminis-tration to provide that information; we just need to use it. Second, the Senate must protect the Mueller investigation and prevent in-terference by President Trump. The President is laying the groundwork to fire the special counsel. We can’t let that happen. It is our responsibility to protect the integrity of our institu-tions. Third, the Senate must conduct real oversight of the Russia sanctions that were signed into law last August. As I have said repeatedly on this floor, the Trump administration is ignoring sev-eral mandatory provisions of the law— mandatory. In all of the sanctions that I have helped write, this is one of the first times the Congress came together and didn’t give the President waivers because they were concerned about what he would do vis-a-vis Russia, and look at this—maybe that foresight was very clairvoyant. I and other Democrats have spoken out. We have sent several letters. We continuously urged administration of-ficials to implement the sanctions. Where are the Senate Republicans, in-cluding all of those who voted for this bill, except for one? Silent. If you want to stand up to Putin, if you want to stand up against Trump’s capitulation in Helsinki, then we need to press the administration to finally implement what is already in the law— what is already in the law. We should do so today. Fourth, we need to protect ourselves here at home, since it is clear we have a President who will not. The Senate needs to take up and pass the Pro-tecting the Right to Independent and Democratic Elections Act I introduced last month. There are also measures by Senators W
ARNER , KLOBUCHAR , and oth-ers that would bolster our electoral de-fenses. President Trump’s intelligence com-munity has repeatedly warned that the Kremlin’s dangerous interference in U.S. democracy is continuing. Just days ago, the Director of National In-telligence, Dan Coats, said the warning signs are ‘‘blinking red’’ of further Russian cyber attacks. He noted that we are under literal attack. Yet in-stead of marshaling a whole-of-govern-ment response, President Trump re-mains fixated on protecting his fragile ego. Today is the fourth anniversary of the shooting down of Malaysia Airlines flight 17 over eastern Ukraine by Rus-sian-supported separatists, which killed all 298 people on board—a dev-astating reminder of the real dangers of the Kremlin’s brutal targeting of ci-vilians and why our relations with Rus-sia have been strained. Yesterday, Putin said the ball is in America’s court. Well, it is time we take our shot. It is time we show the American people and the world what it means to put country over party. It is time to show the American people that we can be patriots and not just par-tisans; that we will stand by our allies and stand up to our adversaries; that we will defend our democracy, our in-stitutions, and the values that truly make America great. Our President has proven too weak, too egotistical, too feckless, or maybe too compromised to do it. It is up to us. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. Mr. REED. Mr. President, as I and many of my colleagues feared, the Trump-Putin summit was disastrous, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JY6.034 S17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4990 July 17, 2018 
and their press conference amounted to a disinformation operation in which President Trump played the willing participant. The propaganda, dissem-bling, and denials are part of Russia’s hybrid operations against our country, our allies, and our partners that are an ongoing and persistent threat to our national security. By failing to challenge Putin’s fab-rications on Russia’s interference with U.S. democracy, its annexation of Cri-mea, its role in Syria, its use of chem-ical agents against civilians, or its vio-lations of its armed control obliga-tions, President Trump acquiesced in Russia’s lies and alternative facts and undermined our security in the proc-ess. A low point was President Trump sid-ing with Putin, over our own intel-ligence community’s assessment, on Russian election interference. It was the unanimous judgment of the intel-ligence community that Putin directed an attack on our 2016 elections with the intent of undermining public faith in our democratic process. That assess-ment was just reaffirmed unanimously by the Senate Select Committee on In-telligence. Furthermore, last Friday, the Jus-tice Department indicted 12 Russian military intelligence officers on charges of ‘‘large-scale cyber oper-ations to interfere with the 2016 presi-dential election.’’ Despite being briefed on these developments, President Trump chose to side with Putin on election interference. It is unconscionable that an Amer-ican President, standing on foreign soil, chose to play Putin’s press sec-retary rather than take the word of his own intelligence officials—career pro-fessionals who put their lives on the line for the safety and security of all Americans. President Trump’s words hurt our na-tional security. Nations or potential sources may no longer trust the United States. They may hold back in fear that their highly classified secrets could be revealed to Russia, a foreign adversary, as Trump has done in the past. Yesterday, President Trump also made a moral equivalency between the United States and Russia. This is an unfathomable and dangerous break from the actions of past Presidents of both parties. President Trump’s actions this week and throughout his Presidency have undermined the once bedrock belief around the globe that the United States is a beacon of hope and reli-ability. Further, moral equivalency is a long-time Russian narrative used by Putin to justify his continued oppression of his people and suppression of demo-cratic impulses within Russia. On a more basic level, President Trump is undermining that which makes us strong. The world order that the United States created after World War II is something we have benefited from for decades. We draw strength from our allies and from participation in international institutions. The United States is not weakened by them; we are strengthened by them. The mere act of the two Presidents sitting down together was a victory for Putin. Instead of taking this oppor-tunity to talk tough and call Putin out for his misdeeds, President Trump de-livered rewards without gaining any changes in Russia’s behavior. This adds up to weakness, acquiescence, and more. Nothing about Russia’s behavior has changed. Putin is still in Crimea. He is still propping up Assad’s mur-derous actions in Syria. He is still interfering in the domestic politics of the West and undermining people’s faith in the democratic process. This is not theoretical. Director of National Intelligence Coats warned that Russian cyber attacks are threat-ening our government and our finan-cial institutions. He used very explicit language to say that, akin to before 9/ 11, the warning signs of Russian aggres-sion are ‘‘blinking red again.’’ Yet, in-stead of recognizing that threat, de-nouncing attacks from Russia, and de-veloping a whole-of-government solu-tion to counter the threat, Trump is cozying up to Putin. In light of President Trump’s derelic-tion of his responsibilities, I urge my Republican colleagues to stand up for the security and integrity of our de-mocracy. Some of my colleagues have condemned President Trump’s perform-ance yesterday, but clearer and more concrete steps must be taken. Repub-licans must reject President Trump’s weak and damaging views on foreign policy. What we saw this week and throughout this Presidency is an aber-ration that is unsustainable, and this course must be corrected soon. Words of regret or sadness for a missed oppor-tunity are not sufficient in the wake of yesterday’s display of weakness and narcissism. Republicans should join with Demo-crats to pass legislation to protect the Mueller investigation and to ensure that the investigation is permitted to follow the evidence wherever it leads and bring this matter to a conclusion. Republicans should join with Demo-crats to hold hearings and get testi-mony about the President’s trip and particularly what he promised Putin during their private meeting. Republicans should join with Demo-crats in calling on the President to fully implement the sanctions act against Russia for its numerous nefar-ious activities. Republicans should join with Demo-crats and demand that President Trump be interviewed by Special Coun-sel Mueller under oath. Finally, I urge the Trump adminis-tration to at long last issue a com-prehensive strategy coordinating our military, diplomatic, law enforcement, financial, and all other instruments of U.S. national power to counter Russian malign influence, as called for in last year’s NDAA. We are waiting a year for a legislative mandate of this Congress to provide such a report. Time is run-ning out. This is not a partisan issue. It is long past time for the President to de-nounce the Kremlin’s behavior and take steps to mount a whole-of-govern-ment response to deter it in the future. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. J
OHNSON ). The Senator from Con-necticut. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I yield to my colleague from Arizona if he wishes to be heard first. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. Mr. FLAKE. Thank you. I will just be a moment. Mr. President, I appreciate the com-ments from my Democratic colleagues and hope that more of my Republican colleagues will speak about the spec-tacle yesterday in Helsinki. I said yesterday that I never thought I would see the President of the United States stand with the President of Rus-sia and blame the United States for Russian aggression. I said yesterday that that was shameful. I feel the same today. Today, the President said that the press conference had been misinter-preted by the fake news media. I would say to the President that we all watched the press conference, and it wasn’t the fake news media that sided with the Russian President over our own intelligence agencies; it was you. This body must stand and reaffirm that we stand with the men and women in the Department of Justice who have brought these 12 indictments against individuals from the Russian Federa-tion who interfered with our elections. We must say that we stand with our NATO allies and we stand with those in the EU; that they are not foes, they are friends. We must stand up to the real adversaries we have. Right now, Russia is an adversary. I hope the President will realize that. I hope he will take the word of the men and women of the Department of Justice and the entire intelligence agencies rather than the empty words of a dictator. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Connecticut. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I am honored and grateful to follow the very powerful comments of my friend and colleague from Arizona. They re-mind me of our mutual friend, his col-league and partner from the State of Arizona, Senator J
OHN MCCAIN, whom we miss at this moment more than ever. Senator M
CCAINis with us in spirit, and those words remind us that the threat we face at this perilous time in our national history must be met with a truly bipartisan response. The threat we face is every bit as se-rious as any in the history of this coun-try because it involves an attack on the pillars of our democracy. We know that 9/11 and Pearl Harbor involved a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JY6.035 S17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4991 July 17, 2018 
physical assault with immediate loss of life. Russia’s attack on this country in 2016 is every bit as serious and urgent. In the words of the Director of Na-tional Intelligence, our former col-league Dan Coats, this incident should put us truly on alert. Those blinking lights based on objective and unvar-nished evidence, as he put it, of a per-vasive, continuing attack should bring us together as a legislative body and as a country. This issue really is not about Donald Trump as much as it is about our Na-tion. The summit in a sense realized our worst fears; indeed, our deepest nightmare. At best, it was going to be a gift to President Putin because it le-gitimized him and elevated him on the world stage, even if no words followed that private meeting. The truth is that it happened, and the President of the United States was a puppet, a patsy, a pushover—in fact, an appeaser, in the worst tradition of that term—on the public stage. The President put Russia over this country. He failed to fulfill his oath of office to defend this Nation against all enemies, foreign and domestic. He failed to put America’s interests first. In fact, he blamed America first. He blamed ev-eryone except for Putin and himself. Now he has attempted, shamefully, to rewrite history—unartfully, incred-ibly. He has said, in effect, that some editing, some minor change in gram-mar, would allow him to escape the universal condemnation from all sides of the political spectrum of his shame-ful surrender to Vladimir Putin. The question is, What does Vladimir Putin have on Donald Trump? We will not know until the special counsel fin-ishes his investigation. We must do ev-erything in this body—and this point is central to what we are saying today— to protect the special counsel against the continuing onslaught and assault from Donald Trump’s cronies and sur-rogates on the far right—the fringe of the Republican Party—who are seeking to discredit the special counsel inves-tigation; indeed, talking about im-peaching Ron Rosenstein and demand-ing documents involved in that inves-tigation. We must now pass the Special Counsel Independence and Integrity Act. If Donald Trump is serious and he be-lieves that the Russians, in fact, inter-fered with our democracy, what he will do now is implement the sanctions that were made mandatory on Russia. He has violated his duty by continuing to avoid imposing them. He will authorize the Cyber Command to take aggressive measures—not simply defensive—and penetrate and disrupt the systems of cyber within Russia that are used against us. He will authorize the expo-sure and revelation of Russian oligarchs’ and Vladimir Putin’s wealth around the world, hidden and con-cealed—the result of their corruption in Russia. He himself can undertake these measures. If the Senate is serious about pro-tecting the United States, it will order that the transcripts and notes and any documents and the security team who attended that summit come to the Con-gress in a closed briefing and eventu-ally an open one, under oath, so the American people can know. They should be required to provide whatever they know about what happened in that private meeting so that we know what happened and the implications of what happened are truly known. Just yesterday, the Department of Justice issued a criminal complaint against Maria Butina. It followed in-dictments against 12 Russian individ-uals. Maria Butina is a Russian agent who worked through the NRA to influ-ence and corrupt our political system— again, part of the Russian attack on this country. We need to hold hearings now to know whether Russia has been using organizations like the NRA and other shell companies to illegally fun-nel money into our election. I will close where I began. These issues transcend partisanship. They ought to be put above the everyday issues that concern us. We cannot say that we weren’t warned. The failure to act and act now to hold Russia ac-countable, to make them pay a price, to show them that we will not tol-erate—nor will our allies—this kind of interference in our elections will mean they will do it again. History will judge us harshly. Our allies were never more important than now. They are victims of the same kind of attack. Rather than trashing and beating them, as President Trump has done, we should bring them to our side and express to them, as this Sen-ate did by a 97-to-2 vote, that we are committed to NATO and that if one of us is attacked, all of us are attacked. In fact, almost all of us are under at-tack right now. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, I wish to start by thanking my colleague from Connecticut for his words today and for his leadership in protecting the integrity of our democracy and the rule of law. When it comes to issues of national security and foreign policy, we have had many vigorous debates in this country over the decades and many im-portant debates here on the floor of this Senate. There have been deep dis-agreements over specific foreign policy choices that we make as a country. But there has consistently been broad bi-partisan support for the view that the United States and strong U.S. leader-ship benefit not only our interests but the interests of folks around the world. That has been American leadership grounded in key values and principles, including the promotion of democracy, universal human rights, the rule of law, a free press, and the idea that America is an exceptional nation based not on tribalism but a beacon of hope for all people, as symbolized by the Statue of Liberty. This isn’t to say that over the decades we have always been virtuous or always consistent in the application of these principles. We all know we have made many mistakes and detours along the way, but until now, until this moment in our history, the principles and values I outlined have been the guideposts and corner-stones for American Presidents—Re-publicans and Democrats alike—since the end of World War II. With those guideposts, we have built some very important international ar-chitecture: our alliances, international institutions, and international agree-ments. But today, sadly, we have a President who has gone absolutely rogue on the time-tested bipartisan te-nets of American foreign policy, wheth-er it is the way he attacks or berates our allies or when he consistently goes out of his way to praise dictators like Vladimir Putin or Kim Jong Un or other autocrats around the world. I am not going to take the time today to chronicle the mountain of evi-dence leading up to the events of last week that show already President Trump’s radical retreat from the kind of global leadership that America has exercised since the end of World War II. We all know that those views are shared by many of our Republican Sen-ate colleagues. Senator M
CCAIN has been very strong on that, as have other Republican Senators. Others have said quietly what Senator M
CCAINhas said publicly. This is a moment where ev-erybody has to come together as patri-ots, not partisans. Including Senator M
CCAIN, we have a lot of Republican foreign policy experts and independent groups, like Freedom House, that have raised the alarm bells about this administration’s far-reach-ing attacks on fundamental institu-tions of democratic society, like free-dom of the press. One thing we all know is this: We know the words and actions of an American President have real-world consequences. Those of President Trump leave our friends unsure if they can depend on us and create openings and opportunities for our adversaries. They weaken our credibility and squander our moral authority on the world stage. Of course, the events of last week and yesterday are the ultimate expression of this President’s retreat from that bi-partisan tradition of American foreign policy—first, going to a NATO meeting and berating some of our closest allies. All of us understand that each of our NATO allies needs to fully contribute to NATO. In fact, these countries have already made that commitment, but President Trump threw them under the bus and diminished the importance of the NATO alliance. Then, of course, he went directly from there to his meeting with Presi-dent Putin, but before that meeting, the President let us know what his state of mind was. The President tweeted out: ‘‘Our relationship with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JY6.037 S17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4992 July 17, 2018 
Russia has NEVER been worse thanks to many years of U.S. foolishness . . .’’—not Russia’s invasion or occupa-tion of Crimea, not Russian aggression in the Ukraine, not Russian activities around the world that undermine peace and stability, and not Russia’s attack on our democracy in the 2016 elections. In fact, shortly before he went to meet with Putin, he again invoked a Stalinist expression, where he said: ‘‘Much of our news media is indeed the enemy of the people.’’ That is some-thing I am sure warmed the heart of Vladimir Putin, who doesn’t like any criticism, like our President doesn’t like any criticism. Then he went in to this meeting and came out in that joint press con-ference. What did he do? Standing side by side with Vladimir Putin, he told the world that he sided with Putin over the leaders of the American intel-ligence community on the question of whether or not Russia interfered in the American elections in 2016. He said: President Putin assures me that they did not interfere. He says it very strongly. Then, he sided with President Putin over his own director of the CIA, who has testified before Congress about Russian interference in 2016, over Di-rector of National Intelligence Dan Coats, over Secretary of State Pompeo, and over the very people President Trump said all of us should trust in these important positions of responsi-bility. Yet, on a world stage, he bowed to President Putin and said he trusted President Putin’s word over that of U.S. intelligence. I understand that today he is trying to walk this back. He actually tweeted: 
While I had a great meeting with NATO . . . I had an even better meeting with Vladi-mir Putin of Russia. Sadly, it is not being re-ported that way—the Fake News is going Crazy! 
The challenge President Trump has this time is that we all watched that press conference. The world saw it. So really, the question now for us here in the Senate—Republicans and Demo-crats alike—is this: What are we going to do? What are we going to do now that the President of the United States has taken this position, undermining the credibility of his own country? We were worried before the President went to the NATO meeting, and we passed a resolution here—that was a good thing—affirming our support for NATO. Last year, over the objections of the Trump administration, we passed legislation imposing sanctions on Russia. Now we have to come together, as Senates have before—Republicans and Democrats—to send a very strong sig-nal that the United States stands to-gether in support of the bipartisan principles we have stood for before. We now know the President will not defend the integrity of our democratic process. We need to do it, and my col-leagues have outlined many steps we should take. One step we should take is directly related to future elections, be-cause what we know from the testi-mony of the head of the CIA, the head of the DNI, and the Secretary of State is that they all expect Russia—unless something changes—to interfere in our 2018 and future elections. The 2018 elections are 16 weeks away. We now know the President of the United States is not going to defend the integrity of the democratic proc-ess. So we have to do it. One of the many things we should do is to support legislation I have introduced together with Senator RUBIO, bipartisan legisla-tion. It is very clear. It says to Vladi-mir Putin: If you interfere in another U.S. election and we catch you, Russia will automatically face very stiff sanc-tions to your energy sector and your banking sector, and there will be a huge price to pay. It is called the DETER Act. The whole idea is to make sure that Vladimir Putin knows that the cost of interfering in our elections far outweigh any benefit he may think he gets. So I hope we will stand together as Republicans and Democrats to do what the President of the United States will not do, and that is to protect the integ-rity of our elections. Let’s learn from the past. Let’s work together for the future. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, just yesterday the world watched as Presi-dent Trump, standing in front of the American flag, side by side with Vladi-mir Putin, not only betrayed the dedi-cation of the men and women of the U.S. intelligence and law enforcement communities but then showered praise upon the Russian President—the man who directed the interference of our elections. This prompted outcry from Members on both sides of the aisle, as it should. I read statements from my colleagues that were very strong in condemning President Trump for putting Russia ahead of the United States, using terms like ‘‘shameful’’ and ‘‘disgrace-ful,’’ and not just from Republicans who bravely stood up to this President before. I heard from Members of Con-gress and even from some FOX News contributors, unable to twist them-selves into defending this President at this moment, as he so clearly undercut our own country. I am glad they spoke up because words matter. But do you know what also matters? Action. So now, I ask: What will con-gressional Republicans do about it? Many Republican Members of Congress are acting as if they just have a Twit-ter feed, as if they aren’t the party in control of the Senate and the House, as if they don’t have the ability to actu-ally make a difference and demand change. That is absurd. The time for handwringing and hop-ing the problem goes away is over. With the power to call up legislation and hold hearings, Republican leaders do have options, and they certainly have a whole lot of Democrats who stand ready and willing to help. It is truly horrifying and deeply alarming that President Trump failed to use that moment to push President Putin to end his attacks on our coun-try and our elections, and he failed to condemn the Kremlin’s interference in the elections of our allies; or Putin’s support of the brutal Assad regime and connections to chemical weapons at-tacks by the Syrian Government; or the illegal annexation of Ukraine’s Cri-mean peninsula; or the 2014 downing of MH17 over Ukraine, where 295 people were killed; or the murder of journal-ists and opposition politicians; or the use of chemical weapons; or the un-democratic authoritarian and oppres-sive rule of the Putin regime and how it actively works against our American principles. Instead of standing up for our values and our national security, our Presi-dent defended Putin on all fronts. In-stead of putting America first, he per-formed Putin’s bidding by attacking our closest allies and trying to dis-mantle NATO. Today, I know President Trump tried desperately to backtrack, but we know where he stands, and we all heard what he said on the world stage just yester-day. It is appalling, inexcusable, and unworthy of the President. So my message to every Member of the Senate and to every Member of the other body is clear. It is time to strengthen the sanctions against Rus-sia for its aggression around the world and to demand answers from Secretary Pompeo and the other members of the Trump national security team, espe-cially about what the President may have promised Putin during their closed-door meeting, and for them to provide Congress—all of us—with any notes from the meeting that may exist. We need them to stand up for and protect the Department of Justice, the FBI, and the special counsel; to insist that the President demand the extra-dition of the 12 Russians indicted for their attacks on our elections; and to pass election security legislation. This is not a partisan issue. This is about defending the integrity and foundational values of our Nation. This is about Congress doing its constitu-tional job and holding the President accountable for his shocking and re-peated failures. This is about telling our allies around the world that they can still depend on the United States. This is about putting the country be-fore the party. Stand not just with Democrats. Stand with people across the country by taking action to hold Russia ac-countable and to protect this country from future attacks. Ask President Trump why he is choosing to defend Russia and blame America, and ask what or who is motivating him, be-cause it certainly is not the American people, our security, our values, or our future. I yield the floor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JY6.038 S17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4993 July 17, 2018 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I am pleased to see President Trump’s clari-fication today. The Russians did med-dle in our election. That is the con-sensus not just of the intelligence com-munity, but it is the consensus here among our own Intelligence Commit-tees of the House and Senate, led by Republicans. I will say that Congress has pushed pretty hard against some of the Rus-sian activity, not just the meddling but the illegal annexation of Crimea and Russia’s continued support of the Assad regime in Syria, which has caused so much pain and agony. We have passed historic sanctions around here on Russia. Should we have addi-tional sanctions? I am certainly open to that, but it is not as if Congress has not acted. We have also provided, for the first time ever, lethal weapons to the Ukrainians to be able to push back on the eastern border of Ukraine. I plead-ed with the Obama administration to provide such weapons, and they never did, and this administration has done so despite protestations from Russia. We just funded $350 million or so to protect our electoral security here in this country and to help our State boards of election to be able to push back against what I am concerned about, which would be interference in yet another election cycle in this coun-try. I am glad that was a bipartisan ef-fort to do so. We have also built up our military, including putting more re-sources into Central and Eastern Eu-rope and more exercises there to push back, including up-armoring our ar-mored vehicles there because of the threat we now believe is coming from Russia, not just on the eastern border of Ukraine but throughout eastern Central Europe. This administration has actually ex-pelled more Russian diplomats, I think, than any administration at once, at least. In reaction to the poisoning in the UK, we expelled more diplomats than any other country. We also shut down a Russian consulate, I believe, in the State of the colleague who just spoke, and these are all things that have happened. The irony is, the actions speak pret-ty loudly, don’t they? It is unfortunate that our words have not spoken as loudly recently. Again, I appreciate the President’s clarification today. I think we need to be honest. We need to be straight-forward, and that would result in a bet-ter relationship with Russia. 
NOMINATION OF BRETT KAVANAUGH  
Today, Mr. President, I am coming to the floor to speak about something very positive; that is, the nomination of Brett Kavanaugh to be the next As-sociate Justice of the Supreme Court. A lot of people have talked about Judge Kavanaugh’s impeccable quali-fications. I spoke to a Democratic colleague today who may or may not support him, but said: I agree this guy is very qualified. And he is. He now sits on the DC Circuit, the second most powerful court in the land. He has lots of deci-sions, and they are decisions that have gotten positive reviews from judges across the political spectrum. He is clearly qualified. Important to me are not just some-one’s qualifications and their legal background, but also their character. Character is incredibly important for a Supreme Court that will have to deal with so many issues—issues that are important to us and our families going forward. This guy is someone of deep and strong character. He is compassionate. He has the humility to be able to lis-ten. He has a big heart. I have known this guy for over 15 years. Brett Kavanaugh served in the second Bush administration. I also served there. I got to know him and his wife there and before that, as well, during the cam-paigns. This is someone who is, to me, not just a legal scholar and a judge but a friend. I have seen him as a father and as a husband. I cannot think of anyone I would rather see on the Court in terms of these character strengths he has. He is someone who is humble and compassionate and a good listener. As he goes through the confirmation here in the Senate, I think my col-leagues who are still undecided are going to be impressed. I think the American people will be impressed be-cause they will recognize him as the kind of person they would like to see on the Supreme Court. Judge Kavanaugh, or Professor Kavanaugh as he is known at the Har-vard Law School where he teaches, is respected for all of the right reasons, across the board. He volunteers as a tutor for underprivileged kids. He helps the homeless through his church. He fed meals to the homeless just last week, which was previously planned. Some friends on both sides of the aisle have come forward to speak out about him and his character, and that is good. His former students at Harvard Law School have said that he is a guy who never pushed partisan politics on them in class. Instead, he focused on the Constitution and the importance of hearing all sides of an argument to find out what the law is and what the law says. That is what you want in a Su-preme Court Justice. Today, I want to mention some peo-ple who know Brett Kavanaugh by an-other name; that is, Coach K. Coach K is not the famous Coach K of Duke fame, but he is Coach Kavanaugh. He teaches and coaches both his younger daughter’s team and his older daugh-ter’s team. Julie O’Brien, whose daughter goes to school with Brett Kavanaugh’s older daughter, recently wrote an article in the Washington Post that I thought en-capsulated what I am trying to say about Brett Kavanaugh. She discussed how Coach K coaches her daughter’s basketball team. Last season, the Blessed Sacrament School’s sixth grade girls team had an undefeated season and won a citywide championship, so he must be a pretty good coach too. Not surprisingly to the parents or players who know him, Julie wrote, the team photograph and trophy are dis-played prominently in Coach K’s judi-cial chambers. Along with coaching, Brett is known as the carpool dad, shuttling his daughters and their friends to and from practices, games, and events. Mrs. O’Brien went on to mention an-other story, which I think displays Brett’s character well. She said that a few years ago her husband passed away. With no one to accompany her daughter to the annual father-daughter dance, Brett Kavanaugh stepped up. That year, and every year since then, Brett has taken her daughter alongside his own daughter to the father-daugh-ter dance. That is the kind of man Brett Kavanaugh is. He is thoughtful. He is caring. He does things because they are the right things to do, as someone who cares about others and cares about his community. He has chosen to spend 25 of his last 28 years serving the American people in various jobs, most recently, of course, on the DC Circuit. He is the kind of person, again, you would want on the Supreme Court. He has a judicial phi-losophy that is pretty simple. He has proved time and again that he is a judge who will apply the law fairly and impartially. He interprets the law in the Con-stitution based on the words, historical context, and meaning rather than try-ing to legislate from the bench. That is what most people are looking for. Speaking to the Notre Dame Law School in 2017, Judge Kavanaugh spoke of the legacy of Justice Antonin Scalia and what people should take away from his time as a Supreme Court Justice. He stated: The judge’s job is to interpret the law, not to make the law or make policy. So read the words of the statute as written. Read the text of the Constitution as written, mindful of history and tradition. Don’t make up new constitutional rights that are not in the text of the Constitution. Don’t shy away from en-forcing constitutional rights that are in the text of the Constitution. 
I think Judge Kavanaugh is the kind of judge the American people want— someone who will fairly and impar-tially apply the law, not legislate from the bench. He has an outstanding judi-cial record from 12 years on the bench. He is a thought leader among his peers, on the appellate courts, and has the re-spect of the Justices on the Supreme Court, as well, because they picked up his decisions and used them in later cases. Just as importantly to me, again, he is a good person. I am proud to support Brett Kavanaugh’s nomination to the Supreme Court of the United States. As his confirmation process continues, I hope my colleagues on both sides will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JY6.039 S17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4994 July 17, 2018 
keep an open mind and get to know the Brett Kavanaugh whom I know, his family and friends know, and the American people are coming to know. I hope we can confirm him with a strong bipartisan vote so that he can serve our American community from a new role—that of Associate Justice of the Supreme Court. I yield back my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Delaware. 
TRUMP -PUTIN SUMMIT  
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, as my colleagues and the Presiding Officer may know, I spent many years of my life in the Navy. I spent some 23 years, starting at the age of 21, on Active and Reserve Duty in the U.S. Navy as a naval flight officer, and I spent most of those 23 years as a P–3 aircraft mission commander. I was even, for a limited period of time, the air intelligence offi-cer for my P–3 squadron when we were deployed in Southeast Asia. I flew hundreds of missions during both the Vietnam war and the Cold War, conducting surveillance oper-ations, gathering intelligence on the Soviets and on others who undermine and destroy the American way of life. As a Cold War warrior, watching an American President yesterday bla-tantly ignore attacks on a democracy and our intelligence agencies was be-yond galling. It was reprehensible—rep-rehensible. Four days ago, Special Counsel Mueller indicted 12 Russian intel-ligence officers for interfering in our democratic elections in 2016. That same day, last Friday—Friday the 13th—the Director of National Intelligence, our old colleague, Dan Coats from Indiana, said that our country’s digital infra-structure is literally under attack. Here is what he said: 
The warning signs are there. The system is blinking. It is why I believe we are at a crit-ical point. 
That was on Friday the 13th. Yesterday, our President, with the entire world watching, chose to attack not the Soviets, not the Russians, but Bob Mueller. He is one of the finest people I have ever known and worked with. He attacked Bob Mueller and re-buked the U.S. intelligence commu-nity—with whom I have worked as a member of the Homeland Security committee for any number of years, as has our Presiding Officer—instead of siding with the 17 U.S. intelligence agencies, all of whom agreed unani-mously, without dissent, that the Sovi-ets, the Russians, intervened in our election in 2016 in an effort to throw the election to Donald Trump and to take it away from Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee. There is no ques-tion that is what they did. Our President chose to ignore that, and instead of admiring and speaking to the work of the intelligence agen-cies and concurring with them yester-day, he decided to side with an authori-tarian thug, Vladimir Putin. That was a defining moment in our Nation’s his-tory. I think it is a sad moment in our Na-tion’s history. We ought to move im-mediately to pass bipartisan legisla-tion, introduced in the Senate earlier this year, to allow Bob Mueller’s crit-ical work and that of the people work-ing with him to be completed without the constant threat of political inter-ference. NOMINATION OF BRETT KAVANAUGH  
Mr. President, having said that as a predicate, I want to turn to the nomi-nation of Brett Kavanaugh to serve on the Supreme Court. Brett Kavanaugh used to clerk for a Federal judge named Walter Stapleton. Most people who are outside of the Delaware Val-ley—and maybe Maryland, Pennsyl-vania, New Jersey—haven’t heard of Walter Stapleton. But if you have been involved in legal issues or judicial issues there, you may recall that he was nominated to serve as a district court judge, a Federal district judge, in Delaware and served there for a num-ber of years with distinction. He went on to serve on the Third Cir-cuit Court of Appeals in our region— again, serving with distinction. I think he assumed senior status in that court in 1999, after many years of service on the Federal bench. In the second half of the last century, he was seen as a giant in the judicial system—the Federal judicial system— certainly in our part of the world, but I think beyond our borders. When George W. Bush, my former colleague as Governor, as President, nominated Brett Kavanaugh to serve on the DC Circuit Court of Appeals, among the people I consulted with was former Judge Walter Stapleton and others who had clerked for him and worked with him. They knew Brett Kavanaugh and were very complimen-tary, as our colleague R
OBPORTMAN  has been today, talking about the human side of him and the qualities I think we would admire in almost any-body. When I was a kid growing up, there used to be a guy on the radio—ABC radio—many years ago. His name was Paul Harvey. I don’t know if our Pre-siding Officer is old enough to remem-ber Paul Harvey. He would give the news, and he would do things like give the top of the news, and he would say ‘‘Page 2’’—and sort of like turn the page and report the rest of the news. I am going to go to page 2 here today with respect to Brett Kavanaugh. I voted for him. There are about a dozen Democrats in 2006 who voted for clo-ture; four of us—Robert Byrd, Mary Landrieu, I think, Ben Nelson, and I— voted for confirmation. We voted our hopes rather than our views. We voted, in part, because of what we had learned from others who knew him, who had worked with him, and who admired him. I have said flatout that if I had known then what I know now about the kinds of decisions he would write and support over the following 12 years, I would not have voted for him in 2006. I think it is highly unlikely I would vote for him today. I think it is time to hit the pause button on such consequential nomi-nees, like Mr. Kavanaugh, whose writings have repeatedly made clear that he believes the President is above the law. This is a man, Mr. Kavanaugh, who worked with Kenneth Starr to go after Bill Clinton as President, ham-mer and tong, for alleged misdeeds and misconduct that he apparently had done. Now, some 20 years later, that same Brett Kavanaugh seems to have—rath-er than feeling that Presidents defi-nitely are not above the law, that Presidents have to be held accountable like anybody else, he seems to have done a 180. Instead, he basically seems to feel that Presidents are almost above the law and cannot be held ac-countable. I don’t get it; I don’t know how some-one can change on something—it wasn’t just during the Starr years. To have gone from that position of being such a fervent attack dog in going after Bill Clinton to basically saying that the Presidents can pretty much do, without oversight, what they see fit—that is one of the issues I want to discuss with Judge Kavanaugh, when I meet with him, hopefully later this month. For that reason alone—Judge Kavanaugh’s views of the President, with the President being above the law, especially at this point in time in our Nation’s history—I think that one issue, that one reason, should be enough to say let’s hit the pause but-ton. Let’s hit the pause button on this nomination. There are a number of other reasons why Judge Kavanaugh is, in my view, the wrong pick for the Na-tion’s highest Court. I want to stress just a few of those today. In May 2006, as a nominee to the DC Circuit Court of Appeals, Brett Kavanaugh made a pledge under oath. Brett Kavanaugh pledged to Members of this body that if confirmed, he would ‘‘interpret the law as written and not impose personal policy preferences.’’ Those are his words, not my words. Mr. Kavanaugh went on to pledge that he would ‘‘exercise judicial power pru-dently and with restraint.’’ Brett Kavanaugh pledged that he would ‘‘fol-low precedent in all cases fully and fairly.’’ Those are not my words; they are his words. Brett Kavanaugh pledged that he would, above all, ‘‘maintain the absolute independence of the judiciary,’’ which is, in his words, ‘‘the crown jewel of our con-stitutional democracy.’’ I took Brett Kavanaugh at his word in 2006. I trusted him when he made those pledgees. I afforded Mr. Kavanaugh, as a young lawyer, the op-portunity to fulfill his promise to faithfully uphold and interpret our laws as written. I expected him not to inject his personal policy preferences or the ideology of special interests and groups like the Heritage Foundation into his decision making on the bench. I know now, a little more than 12 years after he made those pledges, that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JY6.040 S17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4995 July 17, 2018 
my trust in Brett Kavanaugh was mis-placed. As a judge on the DC Circuit Court of Appeals, Brett Kavanaugh has broken his pledges repeatedly. There is an old saying in my State: Fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice, shame on me. Judge Kavanaugh, shame on you, but you won’t fool me twice. Brett Kavanaugh’s broken pledges impact the lives of just about every American. They may well affect mil-lions of Americans with preexisting conditions in years to come, who risk losing access to affordable healthcare, as well as a woman’s freedom to make her own healthcare decisions. They af-fect hard-won workers’ rights, con-sumer protections, and civil rights en-acted into law over decades for the pro-tection of future generations. They af-fect the independence of our judiciary and the system of three separate, co-equal branches of government estab-lished by our Founding Fathers, a sys-tem designed to ensure that no citizen, not even the President of the United States, is above the law. Judge Kavanaugh’s broken pledges affect the water we drink, the air we breathe, and the world we will leave to our children and our children’s chil-dren. Today, we seek to shine light on Brett Kavanaugh’s environmental record—one which, sadly, all too often puts the interests of polluters ahead of those of the public. One such example is when Mr. Kavanaugh rejected EPA’s good neigh-bor rule, which regulates air pollution that travels across State lines to down-wind States, such as Delaware, Mary-land, New Jersey, New York, Con-necticut, and others. In the case of EME Homer City v. EPA, he sided with polluters and ignored petitions from Delaware and eight other States, as well as the District of Columbia, when he said EPA lacked the authority to re-quire upwind States to be better neigh-bors. Judge Kavanaugh’s views were deemed too extreme even for some of the Supreme Court’s conservative Jus-tices, who reversed his decision, saying that he had followed his own policy views rather than the law written by Congress. Just yesterday, I was with First State officials and concerned citizens in the State of Delaware, all speaking out against the current EPA’s mis-guided decision to reject Delaware’s ability and that of our neighboring States to address dangerous pollutants blowing into our State from dirty pow-erplants to the west of us. Delaware families—especially children and those with asthma—still suffer from harmful pollution that lands in our commu-nities through no fault of our own. That is just not right. When I was Governor of Delaware for 8 years, from 1993 to 2001, I could have shut down my State’s economy, taken every vehicle off the road, and shut down every business. We would have still been out of compliance for clean air with respect to ozone because of the air coming into our State from States to the west, our upwind States. Think about that. There is a reason why we have a gold-en rule. There is a reason why we talk about the Good Samaritan. There is a reason why we have the saying: We ought to treat other people the way we want to be treated. We want to be treated like a good neighbor. If the shoe were on the other foot, we wouldn’t send our pollution to those States. EPA should stand up for our States and say enough is enough, but apparently Judge Kavanaugh disagrees. Brett Kavanaugh also dissented from an opinion on toxic air pollution writ-ten by Chief Judge Merrick Garland. In White Stallion Energy v. EPA, Mr. Kavanaugh said that EPA had to con-sider the costs to industry when deter-mining whether powerplants should have to reduce toxic air pollution that causes cancer and lowers the IQ of chil-dren. Justice Scalia quoted Brett Kavanaugh directly when the Supreme Court later adopted Mr. Kavanaugh’s position in another 5-to-4 decision, even though the Clean Air Act doesn’t say a thing about having to consider costs. In Coalition for Responsible Regula-tion v. EPA, Mr. Kavanaugh rejected the longstanding interpretation that Congress gave EPA the authority to control any air pollutant, including greenhouse gases that contribute to climate change. Mr. Kavanaugh argued that taking the Clean Air Act at its word and interpreting ‘‘any air pollut-ant’’ to include greenhouse gases would lead to what he considered—again, as his own personal position and not as a matter of law—absurd results. Mr. Kavanaugh not only has proven to be untrustworthy in this regard, but he has already called into question EPA’s authority to regulate green-house gases and combat climate change. These cases and the ideas advanced by Judge Kavanaugh in his opinions have striking similarities to those ad-vanced by recently departed Trump ad-ministration official Scott Pruitt, and that should worry every Member of this body. Scott Pruitt may be out as Administrator at the EPA, but if Brett Kavanaugh is confirmed to serve on the Supreme Court, Mr. Pruitt’s dangerous anti-environment agenda will continue to wreak havoc, this time with the weight of our Nation’s highest Court behind it for a long time. Put simply, Brett Kavanaugh will attempt to fin-ish, in many respects, what Scott Pru-itt started. I take seriously the Senate’s con-stitutional role of providing advice and consent on a President’s nominee to the Supreme Court. As Governor of Delaware, I nominated scores of men and women to serve on our courts—su-preme court, court of chancery, supe-rior court—major courts not just for Delaware, actually, but for the coun-try. I always felt that the Delaware Legislature should carefully consider my nominees, give them a hearing, meet with them, and in the end, vote them up or down. I felt we should have done that with Merrick Garland. We should have done that with Merrick Garland almost 2 years ago. We treated him shame-fully—we didn’t, but some in this body did. As such, I will afford Brett Kavanaugh the opportunity my Repub-lican colleagues—at least most of them—refused Merrick Garland, chief judge of the DC Circuit Court of Ap-peals, highly regarded by Democrats and Republicans alike, when they abdi-cated their constitutional responsibil-ities in 2016. Now they want to rush through, literally in only a couple of months, the nomination of Brett Kavanaugh. As I said earlier, I look forward to interviewing Brett Kavanaugh in the coming weeks and providing him the opportunity to explain why he broke his pledges time and again. How could a person who seems that nice and that decent make so many wrongheaded and I think wronghearted decisions and support those decisions from the bench time and again? We are in a battle on many fronts in this country. One of those battlefronts is with respect to our environment— the air we breathe, the water we drink, and the health of our people, young and old. We are fighting dangerous environ-mental rollbacks put forth by this ad-ministration—maybe not every day but just about every week. What we don’t need in this country, where we have lived by and been sustained by an in-credible system of checks and balances for years, for decades, for centuries, we don’t need a Supreme Court that will similarly side with polluters over pub-lic health. I yield back my time. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, to follow up on the remarks of our distin-guished Democratic ranking member on the Environment and Public Works Committee, Senator C
ARPER , who spoke about the environmental pros-pects of Trump’s nominee, Brett Kavanaugh, should he reach the Su-preme Court, I come at this from a very particular angle. Let me start by kind of laying the predicate, if you will, for my comments. A long, long time ago, when the Founding Fathers were setting up our country, they brought over from Eng-land the tradition of an independent ju-diciary and of the common jury. It was extremely important to the founding generation. The Declaration of Inde-pendence made reference to efforts to interfere with the right to trial by jury. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JY6.042 S17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4996 July 17, 2018 
The efforts by British agents of influ-ence to interfere with American juries was a constant thorn. The feeling was that the independence of courts and, particularly, the independence of ju-rors was a very significant check and balance in the constitutional system that the Founders were setting up. These were experienced politicians. These were thoughtful people who had read and debated a lot about govern-ance. They understood that there were times when very powerful interests were able to dominate a legislative body, there were times when very pow-erful interests were able to dominate a Governor or other chief executive and, indeed, there were times when that same very powerful interest could not only dominate the legislative branch but also the executive branch at the same time. Therefore, you needed to have a third branch of government—an independent branch of government—to which you could go to be sure that you were being treated with justice. They designed it all fairly carefully. The jury has a lot of advantages to it. You don’t get repeat jurors. Every jury veneer, every jury pool, is a new group. The reason for that is to make it hard for big interests to be able to go to people who might be jurors and try to fix the jurors in their favor in the same way they go to legislatures and try to fix legislators in their favor. You do not know who your jury is going to be until it is called up. So you can’t apply influence to a jury. If you try, it is actually a crime. It is called tam-pering with a jury. We very carefully set up independent judges and pools of regular citizens who were to come in, virtually at ran-dom, to do one jury service and then to go back to their lives, and we did it for a reason. Blackstone described that reason as to provide a safeguard for regular citizens against other more wealthy and powerful citizens, more wealthy and powerful interests. It is an interesting piece of our con-stitutional analysis because, in most places, what has been set up is a struc-ture that has been designed to protect the common citizen against the ex-cesses of government. The checks and balances have been generally set up to protect the ordinary man and woman against excessive use of government power against them. With the juries, Blackstone said, it is a little bit different. It is not just abuse of power by government; it is abuse of power by the more wealthy and powerful interests, because the Founders knew that it would be the more powerful and wealthy interests who would come in and try to fix the legislature, who would try to fix the Governor or, at the Federal level, the President, and that, therefore, the jury would stand as the guardian and the bulwark of regular Americans against influence from the more powerful and wealthy interests. Look around at who the more power-ful and wealthy interests are in our country right now. Collectively, the biggest is probably the fossil fuel in-dustry. If you add up the whole Koch brothers’ Koch Industries’ apparatus, if you add up ExxonMobil, Chevron, Shell, and the whole American Petro-leum Institute population, if you look at the extent to which they have seized control of the National Association of Manufacturers and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, and if you put that whole array together, it is very likely not only the most powerful political influ-ence effort now, but it may very well be the most powerful political effort in American history. Those wealthy and powerful interests are hard at work at making sure that their interests come first and that the interests of ordinary Americans come at a very distant sec-ond. The way in which Mr. Kavanaugh comes to this nomination smells of all of that influence already. For starters, he was selected through a very private process—from all of the information we have about it—that is moderated by a group called the Federalist Society but which checks in with all of the big Re-publican funding special interests to make sure that they are all OK with the nominee. There is a preclearance by special interests that takes place for these judicial nominees. Obviously, the most powerful and wealthy special interest—the biggest political force, perhaps ever—is going to be a part of that checklist. There can be no doubt that if the fos-sil fuel industry were not checked off on Brett Kavanaugh, he would not be the nominee. There is no doubt in my mind that they and other special inter-ests—the gun lobby, the anti-choice crowd, the Wall Street folks—all had the chance to say: No, not that guy. Find me somebody who will be good to us. So Kavanaugh has already cleared that process. Now you see the con-firmation process underway, and you see big special interests’ dark money already out, campaigning for him. The last time we had one of these contests, it was this: Is it going to be Merrick Garland? No, we are going to stop him dead and not even give him a hearing. We are going to bring on this character, Gorsuch, and he is going to come in. Somebody spent nearly $18 million in political ads to support that switch. Somebody felt it was worth $18 million to have Gorsuch and not Garland on the Supreme Court. We don’t know who that person was because of the dark money protections that are such a scourge in our democracy right now. That individual donor’s hand is hidden behind all of this dark money machin-ery, but we do know that there is a per-son—an entity—who spent $18 million to have it be Gorsuch, not Garland. So that is the track record for this. Here comes Kavanaugh, and the same machinery is now up for him. He was precleared by the special interests, and big dark money interests are already spending money for him. Who in his right mind would believe that this guy is not predisposed in the direction of those big special interests? It is almost impossible to imagine under these po-litical circumstances. When you look at his record on the DC Circuit, this is a guy who has been on the warpath against environmental protection. This is a guy who is Scott Pruitt in robes. This guy is really something. Now, he was not on the original Trump list, as I understand it. So maybe he has been spending his time auditioning on the DC Circuit for this incredibly dominant special interest— the fossil fuel industry—and exhibiting his ability and his willingness to make anti-environment decisions, to make pro-corporate decisions, and to make pro-polluter decisions so that he can inch his way, maybe, onto the Trump list for the Supreme Court. Sure enough, not only is he on the list, but he is now the nominee. His record is absolutely abysmal. You would have to call him an environ-mental extremist. It is truly, truly ex-ceptional to think of all of the dif-ferent cases in which he has been in-volved. My colleague from Hawaii is here. So I am not going to go through them all, but as this goes forward, I will have plenty of time to explore these issues with him. It is going to be very, very important to the big polluters to have Kavanaugh instead of Kennedy because, when you look at the record in the Supreme Court, there has been a considerable array of decisions on environmental matters in which Justice Kennedy has been the swing vote. So extract Justice Kennedy with his retirement and put in Kavanaugh with his record from the DC Circuit, his preclearance by the pol-luting interests, and the fact that big- money folks are already out there pushing for him. They are going to want something. I suspect what they are going to want is a reversal of Justice Kennedy’s posi-tion in favor of the environment and all of the issues on which he was the 5- to-4 tiebreaker in favor of the environ-ment. Now all of those cases will go back the other way, and polluters will rule. Polluters already rule here. We are incapable of doing anything serious about climate change. Polluters com-pletely dominate over in the House. They have written this ridiculous let-ter and have told the House that it shouldn’t even do a carbon price. They have put all of their polluter front- group names on this letterhead. Of course, Trump still thinks that climate change is a hoax. You have a situation that the Found-ing Fathers were concerned about. You have an enormous special interest with extraordinary power that dominates the Senate and the House and that has completely gotten this administration by the choke chain. Now what it wants to do is to extend its power to the one 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JY6.044 S17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4997 July 17, 2018 
part of the government the Founding Fathers set up to be able to tell the special interest no, to require it to fol-low the truth, to require it to look at real evidence, to subject witnesses to cross-examination, to provide dis-covery so that you know what is really going on, and for there to be penalties if you try to tamper and for there to be penalties if you lie. This is not the environment that the big polluters like. So they want to con-trol it. I see the nomination of Brett Kavanaugh as an effort, basically, at agency capture at the Supreme Court level. We have to be very careful about this. I yield to my distinguished colleague from Hawaii. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
UBIO). The Senator from Hawaii. Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, I thank my colleague, the Senator from Rhode Island. In Hawaii, we understand the impor-tance of caring for our planet. The Na-tive Hawaiian community embraced the idea of ‘‘malama ‘aina,’’ a respect for and responsibility to care for the land in a way that protects our envi-ronment for future generations. That is why Hawaii has led the way in enact-ing measures to fight climate change and safeguard our natural resources. In the last few years alone, Hawaii has set ambitious goals to move to 100-percent renewable energy and become carbon neutral. We were the first State in the coun-try to commit to meeting the objec-tives of the Paris climate agreement. In contrast, the Trump administration has spent the last year and a half dis-paraging the idea of protecting our land and natural resources. Donald Trump has taken action after action to prioritize the interests of his sup-porters in the fossil fuel industry at the expense of our environment. The President filled his administra-tion with appointees who refuse to ac-cept the realities of climate change. He named two Environmental Protection Agency Administrators—Scott Pruitt and Andrew Wheeler—who don’t even believe in the EPA’s mission of pro-tecting the air we breathe and the water we drink. Administration officials have weak-ened rules that regulate pollution and protections for our natural resources. These actions have led to lawsuits by groups who embrace ‘‘malama ‘aina’’ and seek to protect our environment. These lawsuits will be decided by our courts. The outcomes will depend on an independent, fair, and unbiased judici-ary. A number of these cases will come before the Supreme Court. In the Octo-ber term, the Court will be hearing a case called Weyerhaeuser Company v. U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to decide whether the Federal Government can protect endangered species on private land. Cases making their way through the lower courts include California v. EPA, which challenges the Federal Government’s regulations on vehicle emissions, and West Virginia v. EPA, which challenges President Obama’s Clean Power Plan. These cases raise crucial questions that will determine whether the government has the power to protect our environment. The an-swers to those questions may very well come from the Supreme Court. The President’s nominee to the Su-preme Court, Brett Kavanaugh, raises serious concerns about whether he would be that fair arbiter on environ-mental issues, the kinds of cases that will surely come before the Supreme Court. Throughout his time on the cir-cuit court of appeals, Judge Kavanaugh has argued for weakening environ-mental regulations. Basically, his deci-sions benefit industry over the environ-ment. In Coalition for Responsible Regula-tion, Inc. v. EPA, Judge Kavanaugh ar-gued that the EPA should not regulate greenhouse gases under the Clean Air Act because the cost to business was more important than protecting the environment and public health from climate change. He said that the EPA should not include greenhouse gases in the interpretation of the statute that says EPA can regulate any air pollut-ant because, as far as Judge Kavanaugh was concerned, such a requirement or enabling the EPA to do that would re-sult in higher costs for businesses. Judge Kavanaugh did not consider the cost to the environment. In Hawaii, we are already paying the price of climate change caused by greenhouse gases. Our coastlines are disappearing, corals in our oceans are dying, and catastrophic floods are be-coming more frequent and more severe. The science behind the need to regulate greenhouse gases is clear. This message is lost on the President and apparently on Brett Kavanaugh, as he argued for a very limited interpretation of the EPA’s authority to regulate. In another environmental case, Judge Kavanaugh sided with the fossil fuel industry in his dissent in White Stallion Energy Center v. EPA in 2014. He argued that under the Clean Air Act, the EPA should not—should not— regulate toxic air pollutants from pow-erplants without factoring in what those regulations would cost polluters. The majority disagreed with Judge Kavanaugh, saying that the EPA’s ap-proach ‘‘is clearly permissible,’’ con-sistent with prior Supreme Court in-struction, and consistent with the pur-pose of the legislation, which was, of course, to protect the environment and the health and safety of people. When the case went to the Supreme Court, then-Justice Scalia quoted Judge Kavanaugh in his reversal. Judge Kavanaugh’s opinions even went so far as to attempt to restrict the manufacture and sale of renewable fuel. In a 2012 case, Grocery Manufac-turers Association v. EPA, Judge Kavanaugh opposed the EPA’s grant of E15 waivers. These waivers would per-mit the manufacture and sale of a type of renewable fuel that would help our Nation decrease its dependence on for-eign oil. In his dissent, Judge Kavanaugh argued that the EPA’s rule permitting this renewable fuel would in effect force the production of renew-able fuel. There is nothing in the stat-ute that talked about forcing anybody to do anything. Actually, the word in the statute is ‘‘permit.’’ Permitting is not the same as forcing. Of course, Judge Kavanaugh certainly knew the difference before taking a position that supported the fossil fuel industry. Judge Kavanaugh’s record on these environmental issues makes it highly likely that as a Supreme Court Justice, he would favor fossil fuel interests over human health, renewable energy, and protecting our planet. Senators have a constitutional re-sponsibility to provide advice and con-sent on all judicial nominations, par-ticularly those to the highest Court in the land, the Supreme Court. This re-sponsibility requires us to take note of the fact that the Trump administra-tion continues to fill the courts with deeply conservative, ideologically driv-en judges who will hold lifetime posi-tions. The administration and their conservative allies expect that some of these judges will continue on to appel-late courts and to the Supreme Court. Mr. President, this week, we will be voting on two nominees for Federal ap-pellate courts: Andrew Oldham from Texas for the Fifth Circuit and Ryan Bounds from Oregon for the Ninth Cir-cuit. I will be voting no on both of these nominations. Andrew Oldham has been an ideolog-ical warrior behind some of Texas Gov-ernor Greg Abbott’s most extreme posi-tions against a woman’s right to choose, against LGBTQ people, and against solutions for the 800,000-plus Dreamers put at risk for deportation by Donald Trump’s rescinding of DACA. In 2013, as deputy solicitor general of Texas, Mr. Oldham defended a severe anti-choice Texas law, HB2, that put restrictions on doctors delivering re-productive healthcare. The restrictive provisions were upheld by the Fifth Circuit but struck down in a subse-quent U.S. Supreme Court case called Whole Woman’s Health v. Hellerstedt. In 2014, Mr. Oldham served as counsel of record for Texas in its successful challenge to the Deferred Action for Parental Accountability, or the DAPA Program. DAPA would have provided protections for the parents of Dreamers so families would not be cruelly sepa-rated, as we are seeing with such ter-rible and sad results today under Don-ald Trump’s zero tolerance policy at the border. While Mr. Oldham was advising Gov-ernor Abbott on legislation, his boss supported or signed bills to restrict the rights of the LGBTQ community by regulating bathroom usage in public schools and allowing faith-based groups to deny adoptive and foster parents who conflict with their beliefs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JY6.045 S17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4998 July 17, 2018 
In his response to the Senate Judici-ary Committee’s questions about these extreme positions, Mr. Oldham sought to discount them as merely advocacy positions on behalf of a client, that being the Governor of the State of Texas, while Mr. Oldham’s career shows otherwise. 
NOMINATION OF RYAN BOUNDS  
Mr. President, I turn now to Ryan Bounds, who was nominated to a cir-cuit court judgeship even though the President knew that Mr. Bounds did not have the approval of either of his home State Senators. The nominee himself admitted that Oregon’s two Democratic Senators, his home State Senators, R
ON WYDEN and J EFF M
ERKLEY , played no role in his selec-tion. The Judiciary Committee ignored the traditional blue-slip process, which has been basically adhered to for over 100 years, by holding a hearing on Mr. Bounds’ nomination even though nei-ther of his home State Senators re-turned his blue slip. The Congressional Research Service could not find a sin-gle instance where a judicial nominee, without at least one blue slip returned by a home State Senator, had a hear-ing or was confirmed by the Senate, but nonetheless Mr. Bounds’ nomina-tion proceeds apace. In writings that were not disclosed to the Oregon selection committee that reviewed his application, Mr. Bounds published a number of very offensive articles on race and gender while he was an undergraduate. While these writings were brought to light by a third-party organization, Mr. Bounds himself should have disclosed them to the committee. His articles took dis-paraging positions on topics, including race relations, opposition to ‘‘multiculturalism,’’ LGBTQ rights, and labor rights. In closing, I seriously question whether, based on their full records, these two nominees can be the impar-tial and non-ideological judges we ex-pect of life-tenured judges to our Fed-eral courts, let alone, as in the case of these nominees, to the circuit courts. We all know that the circuit courts are only one step removed from the Su-preme Court. These questions of fairness and im-partiality will continue to apply to ju-dicial nominees as long as the Presi-dent continues to choose judges vetted by two far-right, ideologically slanted organizations backed by millions of dollars—the Federalist Society and the Heritage Foundation. This is certainly the case with Mr. Oldham’s and Mr. Bounds’ nominations to the circuit courts and Judge Kavanaugh’s nomina-tion to the Supreme Court. My colleague from Rhode Island, Senator W
HITEHOUSE , went into length about these very well-funded entities that have spent millions to support Neil Gorsuch on the Supreme Court, and that they are going to do the same thing with Judge Kavanaugh’s appoint-ment to the Supreme Court. Those who appear before Federal circuit judges and, of course, the Supreme Court should be able to rely on a fair, impar-tial, and objective judge, free of ideo-logical propensities. Neither Andrew Oldham nor Ryan Bounds fits that bill. I will be voting no later this week on both of these nominees and urge my colleagues to vote against these con-firmations as well. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Minnesota. NOMINATION OF BRETT KAVANAUGH  
Ms. SMITH. Mr. President, I rise today to express my strong concern about Judge Brett Kavanaugh’s nomi-nation to the Supreme Court. In par-ticular, I want to discuss today his troubling record on the environment and what that means for people’s health. Judge Kavanaugh has demonstrated that he simply doesn’t believe that ex-isting law allows new environmental threats to be addressed via any sort of regulation. I am talking about existing law designed to protect human health and our environment. When you take a look at Judge Kavanaugh’s record, one thing becomes abundantly clear: Judge Kavanaugh has tried to weaken Clean Air Act pro-tections even though the act controls pollutants such as smog and carbon monoxide, which contribute to asthma, heart attacks, and even premature deaths. They put our health at risk. In a 2012 case, Judge Kavanaugh au-thored an opinion that found the EPA had exceeded its authority when the Agency directed upwind States to lit-erally stop blowing smoke onto their downwind neighbors. The good news is that the Supreme Court was more sen-sible than Judge Kavanaugh. Justices Kennedy and Roberts joined four oth-ers in a 6-to-2 decision to overturn Judge Kavanaugh’s lower court ruling. Writing for the majority, Justice Gins-burg found that the EPA does have the power to act to protect people’s health. I agree with the Supreme Court’s 2012 decision, and so do most Americans. An April 2018 poll found that 75 percent of Americans support even stricter limits on smog. What Judge Kavanaugh particularly doesn’t like is that the Clean Air Act specifically gives the Environmental Protection Agency the right—the duty, even—to regulate new pollutants that threaten people’s health. He has ob-jected to using the law to establish new programs to reduce mercury—a potent toxin that harms developing brains. In 2014, Judge Kavanaugh lashed out at tough standards for mercury—a toxin that has been found to harm children’s development. Judge Kavanaugh’s narrow view of the Clean Air Act could be extremely damaging to our efforts to address cli-mate change by regulating greenhouse gases. Although the act does not men-tion greenhouse gases by name, the Su-preme Court has held that the EPA does have the power to regulate them. In fact, the Court held that the act re-quires the EPA to address any air pol-lutants that are found to endanger human health. But Judge Kavanaugh still seems to have a problem with add-ing new pollutants to that list. This is even though Judge Kavanaugh claims to believe what virtually every sci-entist tells us: that manmade climate change is real and is an enormous threat to our planet and to our health. But merely accepting climate science is too low a bar because even if Judge Kavanaugh believes in the urgent chal-lenge of climate change, he doesn’t seem to believe there is an urgent need to address it, as his record dem-onstrates. Over the next few decades, the Su-preme Court will have many opportuni-ties to weigh in on how our govern-ment can work to protect our environ-ment, particularly regarding climate change. And the stakes are high: Scientists tell us that in order to avoid dangerous global warming, we must reduce our carbon dioxide emissions to zero some-time between 2050 and 2065. But in 2018, global carbon emissions are still in-creasing, not decreasing. At the same time, President Trump is attempting to backpedal on every commitment our country has made to-ward fighting global warming. He is pulling us out of the Paris climate agreement. He is pulling back the Clean Power Plan. He is looking for ways to force utilities to keep expen-sive coal plants online—a move that would cost Americans billions of dol-lars in increased electricity bills. All of these moves will hurt the envi-ronment and harm the health of Amer-icans, and in each case, Judge Kavanaugh’s record shows that he is likely to act as nothing but an enabler. My State of Minnesota is already ex-periencing the cost of climate change. The rains in Minnesota are growing more intense, leading to increased damage from flooding. As our winters grow milder and our summers warmer, plant and human diseases are spread-ing. Many scientists predict that the forests in my State will retreat rap-idly, leaving Minnesota looking like Kansas by the end of this century. But it does not need to be all bad news. A rapid transition to emissions- free energy sources is necessary to avoid the worst effects of climate change, but this change will bring eco-nomic opportunity to our country. We just need to rise to the challenge. In Minnesota, wind and solar and biofuels are already potent drivers of job growth. If Judge Kavanaugh succeeds in over-turning the Federal obligation to re-duce greenhouse gas emissions, the clean energy transition in our country will certainly slow. We will lose the competitive advantage to China and other economic rivals in the race to de-velop the technology and innovations of an affordable, clean energy future. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JY6.048 S17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4999 July 17, 2018 
Right now, we have a President who pushes coal and fossil fuels which, un-less their carbon dioxide emissions are captured, must become the energy sources of the past. President Trump’s energy policy is backward-looking and puts our economic competitiveness at risk. But presidents serve only for a term or two, which brings us back again to Judge Kavanaugh. Hopefully, we will be able to recover from the backward environmental poli-cies of the Trump administration. But Supreme Court Justices serve for life, so we cannot afford a Justice who is hostile to our environment and to human health. We cannot afford a Jus-tice who rejects actions to fight cli-mate change. We just don’t have the time. Thank you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Carolina. 
CYBER SECURITY  
Mr. GRAHAM. Mr. President, I wish to make a few comments about the topic in the news today and yesterday and, hopefully, will result in some ac-tion by Congress; that is, the threats we face as a Nation regarding our elec-toral system. First I would like to recognize the Presiding Officer of the Senate, Sen-ator R
UBIO, for working with Senator V
ANHOLLEN to come up with a piece of legislation called the DETER Act, which I think will serve us well. If the Director of National Intelligence cer-tifies that a foreign power—Russia or anyone else—is trying to attack our electoral infrastructure, they will pay a heavy price. Today is July 17, 2018. On Friday, last week, I think it was July—I don’t know the dates; I just got back from trav-eling. So on Friday of last week, a few days ago, the Director of National In-telligence said the following: ‘‘The warning lights are blinking red again. Today, the digital infrastructure that serves this country is literally under attack.’’ How much more do we need as a body and as a nation to rally ourselves to act while there is still time? He indicated that our cyber space strategies emphasize only defense, not offense as well, evoking President Rea-gan’s Cold War approach to the Soviet Union. Mr. Coats suggested that if Rus-sia continues to try to take on the United States in the cyber arena, then the administration should throw every-thing we have into that exercise. Every Member of Congress, every Member of the Senate, as well as the President, has an obligation to defend the Nation against all enemies, foreign and domestic. I am 1,000 percent con-vinced that the Russians meddled in our election in 2016. They did not change the outcome, but they did dis-rupt our election. The bottom line is they are still up to it. If you don’t believe me, just ask Di-rector of National Intelligence Dan Coats, who is a former Member of this body. In August of 2001, the 9/11 Commis-sion found statements from the CIA that indicated there was something afoot, that ‘‘the lights are blinking red,’’ but they couldn’t point to bin Laden specifically. As we look back, how much accountability should the Bush administration have had and how much accountability should Congress have had back then? Did we miss the warning signs regarding the September 11 attack? I would suggest that the chatter was strong and the threat was real, but nobody could really pinpoint it. Here is what I am suggesting: The chatter is strong, the threat is real, and we know exactly where it is com-ing from. The question is, Will the House and Senate, working with the President, do anything about it? Sen-ator RUBIO and Senator V ANHOLLEN  have chosen to try to do something about it. We are all eventually going to be in the history books. President Trump said today that he believed our elec-toral infrastructure needs to be made more secure—not just electoral infra-structure; energy and financial services are under threat, and not just from Russia. So I want to look forward. I heard Senator M
CCONNELL say today that he would like to find some bipartisan leg-islation that could come forward soon-er rather than later to try to harden the infrastructure before the 2018 elec-tion. The bottom line here is that we all owe it to every voter in the country and all of those who are serving in the intelligence community and in the military to secure our election the best we can. I am hoping that we will become ‘‘Team America’’ just for a few min-utes. I am not asking my Democrat friends to give President Trump a pass, and I am not asking my Republican colleagues to stop fighting for our agenda. I am asking both parties to calm down and focus on the common enemy. The common enemy is Russia, and countries like Russia, that want to undermine our democracy, pit us one against the other, and they did it in 2016. If you believe Dan Coats, they are going to do it again. This meeting re-cently with President Trump and Putin—in my view, we missed an op-portunity to really put the Russians on notice. But rather than look back, let’s look forward. Today, President Trump expressed confidence in our intelligence commu-nity. I am glad to hear that. I trust them far more than I trust Putin. It is not just America that Putin has been trying to interfere with; it is in France and Germany and everywhere else there is a democracy. President Putin is trying to destroy alliances like the European Union, which, I think, has value to the United States. He is trying to break NATO. He is attacking us here at home: fake news—truly fake news— made-up news article to try to pit one American against the other and trying to steal emails from party officials and dump them into the public domain at critical times in the election. What do I say to my Republican col-leagues? It was the Democrats last time; it could be us next time. It was Russia last time, and they are still up to it this time, but Iran, North Korea, China—fill in the blank—we are all ex-posed. Article 5 of the NATO Charter says that an attack against one is an attack against all. So I would ask my col-leagues tonight to think about that in terms of our democracy. An attack on one party should be an attack on all parties. The Republican Party should take no comfort or glee in the fact that our Democratic friends were compromised in a very embarrassing way that hurt them. Nobody changed vote totals. But can you imagine how we would feel if the inner circle of the President was hacked and, at a crucial time in the election, the information was exposed? To my friends in the media, you have to make a hard decision: How much do you empower this? How much do you aid a foreign government by publishing this information? I believe we are at war in many ways. We are not at war in a direct way with Russia, but these cyber attacks are, to me, a hostile act against our country just as much as if they had launched a conventional attack. They are going to continue to do this until they pay a price. I would like for us to come together to not only harden our infrastructure to make sure that 2018 cannot be com-promised by a foreign power but also to make countries like Russia pay a price. Senator V
ANHOLLEN and Senator R
UBIO have a very good piece of legisla-tion which basically says that if the Director of National Intelligence cer-tifies that a foreign power like Russia is continuing to interfere in our elec-tion, then we will up sanctions. We will make it harder, not easier, on that for-eign power. It is Russia today; it could be somebody else tomorrow, and it probably already is. So rather than taking the moment and dividing us about what President Trump said or didn’t say, why don’t we use this as an opportunity to listen to the professionals, not the politicians. Senator R
UBIO is on the Intelligence Committee. I am very proud of the work they have accomplished. They made a bipartisan finding that Russia did meddle in the 2016 election with the view of trying to help Trump over Clin-ton, but there is no evidence it changed the outcome. The bottom line for me is that if we don’t come together now—this is the end of July, July 17—we have precious days left to take action that could pro-tect the 2018 election cycle. The worst thing that could happen in a democracy is if somebody’s vote could be stolen or the information pro-vided to the public could be tainted in a fashion by some foreign entity to pit 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JY6.050 S17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5000 July 17, 2018 
one American against another. We do enough of that ourselves; we don’t need anybody else’s help. And the record is clear, in terms of 2016, that Russia was all over the place spreading disinformation, trying to create con-flict within the Democratic primary, within the Republican primary, and during the general election. November will be here before we know it. Here is what we have to ask ourselves as a body—and eventually be held accountable by the public and his-tory. What did we do in July to answer the alarm raised by Director Dan Coats about the warning lights blinking red? I see attacks on critical infrastructure going on today, and I will expect them to continue. We need to up our game as a nation. I don’t know how any of us can go to our constituents in November and say that we answered Dan Coats’ call if we do nothing. So I hope that Senator M
CCONNELL and Senator S CHUMER can find a way to come up with a common agenda—maybe starting with the Rubio-Van Hollen bill—to see if there is common ground to deal with a com-mon problem. I would ask President Trump not to look backward, but to look forward. I have no doubt that you won the elec-tion, Mr. President, in 2016. The Rus-sians didn’t beat Ms. Clinton; you did. But what they are up to now can jeop-ardize our democracy. We are just a stone’s throw away from their changing vote totals. Sen-ator R
UBIO knows this better than I be-cause he is on the Intelligence Com-mittee. They are already infiltrating voter registration files. It would not be much of a leap to have some votes flipped through cyber attacks. So we have a chance in the coming days— working together, not against each other—to find solutions to this prob-lem. I am sure whatever we come up with will not be perfect, but at least we tried. The one thing I cannot live with is not trying. I have known Dan Coats for well over a decade, Secretary Pompeo, the entire national security team, Senator B
URR, Senator W
ARNER , Senator R UBIO—they all tell us the same thing: Our critical infrastructure is under attack by for-eign powers, Russia being the leader. The question for us is, What do we do about it? I am hoping that next week the President will call the Congress to-gether, in a bipartisan fashion, to come up with some preventive measures to protect our infrastructure, when it comes to the November election, and that we, as a nation, try to figure out what the rules of engagement are going to be, not to just defend ourselves from aggression but punish the aggressor. I don’t have all the answers. I am not suggesting this is my area of expertise, because it is not, but I am smart enough to know Russia is going to con-tinue what they did in 2016, until some-body makes them pay a heavy price, and it is just not Russia; be it Iran, China, North Korea, or other bad ac-tors. I don’t know how, as a body, we can live with ourselves if we don’t try to heed Dan Coats’ warnings. They are not just given by him but by those who work for him, who are nonpolitical, who have made it their life’s work to find ways to protect this Nation. So, Mr. President, we have a chance to bring the Congress together. Chal-lenge us to work with you to find solu-tions to this looming threat, better ways to defend America’s critical in-frastructure when it comes to our 2018 election, and challenge us to work with you. I hope we will be smart enough to meet that challenge, and I hope you will issue that challenge. You are the most special person in our constitu-tional democracy when it comes to na-tional security. You are the Com-mander in Chief. You rightly criticized President Obama for being slow when it came to reacting to Russian inter-ference in 2016. I am sure that was a hard call for President Obama, but there is no doubt in my mind that you, the Senate, and the House are now on notice—by your own intelligence serv-ices—that Russia is interfering now and will continue to do so up to 2018 and beyond unless somebody stops them. At a minimum, we should come up with defensive measures available to us. As a nation, we need to deal with this threat. I am not worried about a foreign power taking over our country in a conventional military fashion. I am worried about foreign powers and ter-rorist organizations using cyber at-tacks to cripple our country, our econ-omy, our finances, and our energy, but, most importantly, the heart and soul of democracy, which is free and fair elections. Putin wants no part of free and fair elections. All of us should very much want to have a free and fair elec-tion in 2018. We are not going to have one unless we push back together and push back now. I yield the floor. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. GRAHAM. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate re-sume legislative session for a period of morning business, with Senators per-mitted to speak therein. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NIGER Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, as vice chairman of the Appropriations Com-mittee, I want to draw the Senate’s at-tention to the plight of civil society leaders in Niger, where political and civil rights have been deteriorating over the last several years. This dis-turbing trend threatens the U.S.–Niger partnership and should concern each of us. Mahamadou Issoufou was elected President of Niger in 2011 and, in the following years, worked cooperatively with Niger’s international partners, in-cluding the United States, to make progress toward the restoration of democratic governance in that coun-try. Our countries have partnered to-gether on health, development, and hu-manitarian assistance programs, and as we all know, we have suffered tragic losses together in the fight against ter-rorism. Progress toward democratic govern-ance has been significantly eroded. Since the run up to President Issoufou’s reelection in 2016, the gov-ernment has increasingly persecuted opposition politicians, journalists, peaceful protesters, and civil society leaders in a manner that has under-mined progress and stability in the country. This trend has not gone unnoticed. The State Department noted in its most recent Human Rights Report that Niger’s significant human rights issues include harsh and life-threatening pris-on and detention center conditions, de-tention of opposition politicians, and restrictions on freedom of assembly. In November 2017, Niger withdrew from the global Extractive Industries Trans-parency Initiative after being sus-pended for failing to meet good govern-ance standards, including for its re-pression of civil society. An example of this disturbing trend involves the arrest of several dozen civil society leaders between March and April of this year, in connection with demonstrations against the coun-try’s new finance law. Many of these individuals, like Ali Idrissa, the coordi-nator for the Network of Organizations for Budgetary Transparency and Anal-ysis, are affiliated with Publish What You Pay and are advocates for trans-parency and accountability of Niger’s revenues in order to combat corrup-tion. That effort should be a shared goal in Niger. Peaceful public assembly and calls for accountability should not result in imprisonment. I urge the Trump administration, other donor governments, including the EU, and the international financial institutions to hold the government of Niger accountable for respecting its citizens’ right to freedom of expression and assembly and to join me in calling on President Issoufou to release the de-tainees and to dismiss the charges against these individuals. This is now a matter of urgency, as four civil society leaders reportedly face jail sentences at a judgment hearing on July 24. Doing so would be a positive step by the government of Niger toward prov-ing that it is serious about upholding the values that underscore our partner-ship, including to maintain its eligi-bility under the recently initiated Mil-lennium Challenge Corporation Com-pact. That Compact is now subject to heightened scrutiny by the Appropria-tions Committee, which provides the funding for it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JY6.051 S17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5001 July 17, 2018 
VOTE EXPLANATION Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I was unable to attend yesterday’s vote on the nomination of Scott Stump, of Col-orado, to be Assistant Secretary for Career, Technical, and Adult Edu-cation, Department of Education. Had I been able to attend, I would have sup-ported the nomination. 
f 
CONFIRMATION OF SCOTT STUMP Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, yesterday the Senate voted to confirm Scott Stump, who was nominated to serve as Assistant Secretary for Ca-reer, Technical, and Adult Education at the Department of Education. Mr. Stump will be in charge of matters re-lated to career, technical, and adult education at the high school and post-secondary levels. Stump is well-qualified for this role. He spent nearly 14 years at the Colo-rado Community College System as as-sistant provost for career and technical education, where he was in charge of directing the system’s career and tech-nical education programs and guiding implementation of the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act. He is also a past president of the Na-tional Association of State Directors of Career Technical Education Consor-tium, now called Advance CTE. He is supported by the Association for Ca-reer and Technical Education and Ad-vance CTE. He was approved by the HELP Committee on June 26, 2018, by voice vote. Mr. Stump will be key in carrying out the Perkins Act reauthorization, which I expect Congress to complete its work on this year. The reauthoriza-tion, which aligns Federal dollars more closely with the needs of employers and employees and gives States more flexibility in spending Federal dollars, was passed out of the HELP Committee unanimously on June 26, 2018. The House of Representatives passed its re-authorization on June 22, 2017. I look forward to working with Mr. Stump as he takes on this role at the Department of Education, and I urge my colleagues to support him as well. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ROCCO SICILIANO Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, today I wish to commemorate the life of Rocco Siciliano, of Beverly Hills, CA. This combat-decorated veteran of World War II served his Nation as an infantry platoon leader in the 10th Mountain Infantry Division in Italy, earned the Bronze Star for Valor, the Combat Infantryman’s Badge, and the Army Special Commendation Medal. He and thousands of his fellow country-men served as soldiers in the liberation of Europe under Supreme Allied Com-mander General Dwight D. Eisenhower, a fellow Kansan and personal hero of mine. Rocco later served in President Eisenhower’s administration, first as an assistant secretary in the U.S. De-partment of Labor from 1953 to 1957, then as Special Assistant to the Presi-dent for Personnel Management poli-cies from 1957 to 1959. This leads me to the reason I rise today. Rocco Siciliano, after decades of service to our Nation in many signifi-cant roles and having secured many ac-complishments over his illustrious ca-reer in both the public and private sec-tors, was elected chairman of the Dwight D. Eisenhower Memorial Com-mission in 2001. Joined on the commis-sion by fellow decorated World War II combat veterans, Senators Daniel Inouye and Ted Stevens, Rocco led the commission whose congressionally mandated mission is to create a na-tional memorial to our 34th president, Dwight D. Eisenhower. Rocco success-fully led the Commission for 14 years before stepping down as chair in 2015. As Rocco’s successor as chair of the Commission, I feel I must recognize him for his significant accomplish-ments. During his tenure, Rocco guided the commission through the processes of memorial site selection and the de-sign competition. His remarkable and steadfast work has helped the commis-sion get us to this memorable juncture. The memorial to Ike is under construc-tion in our Nation’s Capital, between 4th and 6th Streets on Independence Avenue, Southwest. Rocco continues to serve as chair emeritus on the commis-sion as one of the four Presidentially appointed commissioners. The commis-sion seeks to dedicate the completed memorial to Ike on May 8, 2020, the 75th anniversary of V–E Day. Speaking on behalf of the Eisenhower Memorial Commission, I wish to recog-nize Rocco’s patriotism, leadership, perseverance, and tenacity that have been of great benefit to our Nation. He has been a valued colleague in this monumental endeavor, and I stand to honor him today. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
REMEMBERING MARCUS J. YATES ∑Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, today I wish to join the Philadelphia commu-nity in renaming the 6000 block of Springfield Avenue to Marcus J. Yates Way. Thirty years ago, on July 18, 1988, a gun fight on this block took the life of 5-year-old Marcus Yates. Marcus’s death was a tragedy that prompted Philadelphia residents to seek change in their community, and while today’s street dedication leaves us with a daily reminder of Marcus’s life, it also serves as a testament to the dedication of the Yates family and those who stood alongside them, to ensure that his death would not be in vain. Marcus’s killing served as the inspi-ration for efforts to better protect the children of west Philadelphia. Neigh-bors looked to create new, safer spaces for children, with residents setting up sports teams and drama clubs. Fol-lowing the incident, citizens also orga-nized a number of antidrug groups and held antidrug marches throughout the city, citing the increase in drug traf-ficking as a cause for the increase in gun violence in the community. In 1990, the Yates family opened the Marcus J. Yates Home for Children, housing over 30 foster children from the area. Since their son’s death, the Yates family has become advocates against gun violence, seeking to pre-vent similar devastation from occur-ring throughout the Nation. They have taken this effort from the municipal level all the way to the Federal Gov-ernment. When people described Marcus, they often commented on his vibrant, wel-coming spirit. It is a tragedy that the community lost a bright soul at such a young age. Through the efforts of Marcus’s family and his community, his legacy is one of advocacy and ac-tion. They have worked tirelessly to ensure that his short life was not lost in vain. The efforts of the West Philadelphia community, as well as the resilience of the Yates family are examples for us all. Their actions show us that with compassion and collaboration, tragedy can be a driving force for positive change. We honor their efforts and their persistence today on the anniver-sary of a life taken too soon. ∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO JACKSON WILLIAM ‘‘J.W.’’ STINE ∑Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, today I would like to acknowledge and honor Jackson William ‘‘J.W.’’ Stine on his 100th birthday. Mr. Stine is a longtime businessman and World War II veteran combat pilot who has served the State of Louisiana for many years. Mr. Stine was born to Sulphur resi-dents Andrew and Elma Stine on July 22, 1918. He attended Normal College— today Northwestern State University— and went on to marry his high school sweetheart, Doris ‘‘Dee Dee’’ Drost on January 14, 1944. They remained mar-ried for 67 years until Dee Dee passed away in 2011. Together they raised seven children, and today, they have 31 grandchildren and 71 great-grand-children. J.W. joined the U.S. Army Air Corps in 1944. Captain Stine flew over 40 com-bat missions as a pilot of a B–26 air-craft over Germany, Italy, and France. He flew the B–26 Marauder in the 17th Bombardment Group. J.W., with the 17th Bombardment Group, and con-ducted bombing missions against crit-ical targets throughout the Mediterra-nean, Italy, France, and Germany. It received the Distinguished Unit Cita-tion, DUC, for its support of the Anzio invasion and another for its out-standing performance over Schwein-furt. For operations in support the in-vasion of France, it received the French Croix de Guerre with Palm. J.W. and his best friend, J.C. Carlin, opened a construction company in Sul-phur after World War II and then a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY6.025 S17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5002 July 17, 2018 
lumber company to supply the con-struction company which was called Starlin Lumber. He eventually bought out J.C.’s share and changed the name in 1973 to Stine Lumber. J.W. instilled the core values of faith. family, and community in his seven children. He is a proud father of a na-tionally known artist, a colonel in the Air Force, a captain in the National Guard, two former Louisiana State leg-islators, a former Sulphur City council-man, a former Louisiana commissioner of administration, past president of Greater Beauregard Chamber of Com-merce, past McNeese State University Foundation president, past chairman of the Boy Scouts of America Calcasieu Area Council, past chairman of the Council for A Better Louisiana, a cur-rent member of the Christus Health System Board, and current chairman of Louisiana Association of Business and Industry. On July 22, 2018, J.W. Stine will cele-brate his 100th birthday. I and my fel-low Louisianans are proud of his ac-complishments and the positive impact that he has had on our state. He fought for our Nation, raised an incredible family, and started a successful busi-ness. He has truly lived out the Amer-ican Dream.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Ridgway, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate proceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 2:16 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, without amendment: 
S. 490. An act to reinstate and extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project involving the Gib-son Dam. S. 931. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4910 Brighton Boulevard in Denver, Colorado, as the ‘‘George Sakato Post Office’’. S. 2692. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4558 Broadway in New York, New York, as the ‘‘Stanley Michels Post Office Building’’. S. 2734. An act to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse lo-cated at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’. 
The message further announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concur-rence of the Senate: H.R. 66. An act to establish the Route 66 Centennial Commission, to direct the Sec-retary of Transportation to prepare a plan on the preservation needs of Route 66, and for other purposes. H.R. 1376. An act to amend title 44, United States Code, to require preservation of cer-tain electronic records by Federal agencies, to require a certification and reports relat-ing to Presidential records, and for other purposes. H.R. 2979. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 390 West 5th Street in San Bernardino, California, as the ‘‘Jack H. Brown Post Of-fice Building’’. H.R. 3076. An act to require the Director of the Office of Management and Budget to issue guidance on electronic consent forms, and for other purposes. H.R. 3230. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 915 Center Avenue in Payette, Idaho, as the ‘‘Harmon Killebrew Post Office Build-ing’’. H.R. 3460. An act to designate the United States courthouse located at 323 East Chapel Hill Street in Durham, North Carolina, as the ‘‘John Hervey Wheeler United States Courthouse’’. H.R. 3906. An act to direct the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency to establish a stormwater infrastruc-ture funding task force, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 4407. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3s101 Rockwell Street in Warrenville, Illi-nois, as the ‘‘Corporal Jeffery Allen Williams Post Office Building’’. H.R. 4446. An act to amend the Virgin Is-lands of the United States Centennial Com-mission Act to extend the expiration date of the Commission, and for other purposes. H.R. 4890. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 9801 Apollo Drive in Upper Marlboro, Maryland, as the ‘‘Wayne K. Curry Post Of-fice Building’’. H.R. 4946. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1075 North Tustin Street in Orange, Cali-fornia, as the ‘‘Specialist Trevor A. Win’E Post Office’’. H.R. 4960. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 511 East Walnut Street in Columbia, Mis-souri, as the ‘‘Spc. Sterling William Wyatt Post Office Building’’. H.R. 5238. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1234 Saint Johns Place in Brooklyn, New York, as the ‘‘Major Robert Odell Owens Post Office’’. H.R. 5333. An act to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to clarify the regulatory framework with respect to cer-tain nonprescription drugs that are mar-keted without an approved new drug applica-tion, and for other purposes. H.R. 5415. An act to require agencies to submit reports on outstanding recommenda-tions in the annual budget justification sub-mitted to Congress. H.R. 5504. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4801 West Van Giesen Street in West Rich-land, Washington, as the ‘‘Sergeant Dietrich Schmieman Post Office Building’’. H.R. 5554. An act to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to reauthorize user fee programs relating to new animal drugs and generic new animal drugs. H.R. 5772. An act to designate the J. Marvin Jones Federal Building and Court-house in Amarillo, Texas, as the ‘‘J. Marvin Jones Federal Building and Mary Lou Robin-son United States Courthouse’’. H.R. 5846. An act to require the Comp-troller General of the United States to con-duct a study regarding the buyout practices of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the House has passed the following bill, with amendments, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
S. 899. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to ensure that the requirements that new Federal employees who are vet-erans with service-connected disabilities are provided leave for purposes of undergoing medical treatment for such disabilities apply to certain employees of the Veterans Health Administration, and for other purposes. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 66. An act to establish the Route 66 Centennial Commission, to direct the Sec-retary of Transportation to prepare a plan on the preservation needs of Route 66, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. H.R. 1376. An act to amend title 44, United States Code, to require preservation of cer-tain electronic records by Federal agencies, to require a certification and reports relat-ing to Presidential records, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 2979. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 390 West 5th Street in San Bernardino, California, as the ‘‘Jack H. Brown Post Of-fice Building’’; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 3076. An act to require the Director of the Office of Management and Budget to issue guidance on electronic consent forms, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. H.R. 3230. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 915 Center Avenue in Payette, Idaho, as the ‘‘Harmon Killebrew Post Office Build-ing’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 3460. An act to designate the United States courthouse located at 323 East Chapel Hill Street in Durham, North Carolina, as the ‘‘John Hervey Wheeler United States Courthouse’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 3906. An act to direct the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency to establish a stormwater infrastruc-ture funding task force, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. H.R. 4407. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3s101 Rockwell Street in Warrenville, Illi-nois, as the ‘‘Corporal Jeffery Allen Williams Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. H.R. 4446. An act to amend the Virgin Is-lands of the United States Centennial Com-mission Act to extend the expiration date of the Commission, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. H.R. 4890. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 9801 Apollo Drive in Upper Marlboro, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY6.029 S17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5003 July 17, 2018 
Maryland, as the ‘‘Wayne K. Curry Post Of-fice Building’’; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 4946. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1075 North Tustin Street in Orange, Cali-fornia, as the ‘‘Specialist Trevor A. Win’E Post Office’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 4960. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 511 East Walnut Street in Columbia, Mis-souri, as the ‘‘Spc. Sterling William Wyatt Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. H.R. 5238. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1234 Saint Johns Place in Brooklyn, New York, as the ‘‘Major Robert Odell Owens Post Office’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 5415. An act to require agencies to submit reports on outstanding recommenda-tions in the annual budget justification sub-mitted to Congress; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. H.R. 5504. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4801 West Van Giesen Street in West Rich-land, Washington, as the ‘‘Sergeant Dietrich Schmieman Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. H.R. 5772. An act to designate the J. Marvin Jones Federal Building and Court-house in Amarillo, Texas, as the ‘‘J. Marvin Jones Federal Building and Mary Lou Robin-son United States Courthouse’’; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. H.R. 5846. An act to require the Comp-troller General of the United States to con-duct a study regarding the buyout practices of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR The following bill was read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and placed on the calendar: 
H.R. 5333. An act to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to clarify the regulatory framework with respect to cer-tain nonprescription drugs that are mar-keted without an approved new drug applica-tion, and for other purposes. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–5963. A communication from the Chair of the Board of Governors, Federal Reserve System, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port entitled ‘‘Report to the Congress on the Profitability of Credit Card Operations of Depository Institutions’’; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–5964. A communication from the Sec-retary of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, an annual report relative to the Stra-tegic Petroleum Reserve for calendar year 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. EC–5965. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of defense articles, including tech-nical data, and defense services to Saudi Arabia for replacement of old machine guns, grenade launchers, lasers, night vision gog-gles, accessories, and spare parts and compo-nents that are in poor condition in their in-ventory in the amount of $50,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 17–132); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. f PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petitions and memo-rials were laid before the Senate and were referred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–266. A concurrent resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of Louisiana memorializing its support of the right of American citizens to keep and bear arms; to the Committee on the Judiciary. H
OUSE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION NO. 87 Whereas, the Second Amendment of the United States Constitution and Article I, Section 11 of the Constitution of Louisiana guarantees the right of Louisiana citizens to keep and bear arms; and Whereas, in recent years, Congress as well as certain states have passed laws which have eroded or attempted to erode the right of the citizens of this country to keep and bear arms; and Whereas, Americans have the right to pro-tect themselves at home with a firearm; and Whereas, the United States Constitution recognizes that the right to keep and bear arms is necessary to the security of a free nation and for its citizens to protect them-selves and their families; and Whereas, there are some who would repeal or impair the right to keep and bear arms. Therefore, be it Resolved, That the Legislature of Louisiana does hereby express support of the right of American citizens to keep and bear arms and does not support any actions that would im-pair or erode that right, including but not limited to the right of citizens to protect themselves and their families in their home. Be it further Resolved, That a copy of this Resolution be transmitted to the presiding officers of the Senate and the House of Representatives of the Congress of the United States of America and to each member of the Louisiana con-gressional delegation. 
POM–267. A petition from a citizen of the State of Texas relative to an amendment to the United States Constitution; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Report to accompany H.R. 1900, a bill to designate the Veterans Memorial and Mu-seum in Columbus, Ohio, as the National Veterans Memorial and Museum, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–304). By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute and with an amended preamble: S. Res. 557. A resolution expressing the sense of the Senate regarding the strategic importance of NATO to the collective secu-rity of the transatlantic region and urging its member states to work together at the upcoming summit to strengthen the alliance. By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 2497. A bill to amend the Foreign Assist-ance Act of 1961 and the Arms Export Con-trol Act to make improvements to certain defense and security assistance provisions and to authorize the appropriations of funds to Israel, and for other purposes. f INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself, Mr. C
OTTON , Mr. B OOKER , and Mr. Y OUNG ): S. 3218. A bill to allow employers to offer short-term savings accounts with automatic contribution arrangements for financial emergencies; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. COTTON (for himself, Mr. Y
OUNG , Ms. H EITKAMP , and Mr. B OOK-
ER): S. 3219. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 and the Employee Retire-ment Income Security Act of 1974 to modify the requirements for multiple employer plans, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. C OTTON , and Mr. Y
OUNG ): S. 3220. A bill to establish the Refund to Rainy Day Savings Program; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. YOUNG (for himself, Mr. B
OOK-
ER, Mr. C OTTON , and Ms. H EITKAMP ): S. 3221. A bill to provide for an additional nondiscrimination safe harbor for automatic contribution arrangements; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Mr. CORNYN: S. 3222. A bill to designate the J. Marvin Jones Federal Building and United States Courthouse in Amarillo, Texas, as the ‘‘J. Marvin Jones Federal Building and Mary Lou Robinson United States Courthouse’’; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. RISCH (for himself, Mr. M
ANCHIN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and Ms. H
EITKAMP ): S. 3223. A bill to amend the Pittman-Rob-ertson Wildlife Restoration Act to make sup-plemental funds available for the manage-ment of fish and wildlife species of greatest conservation need, as determined by State fish and wildlife agencies, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself and Mr. C
OTTON ): S. 3224. A bill to direct the Secretary of Agriculture to exchange certain public lands in Ouachita National Forest, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C OONS , Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. D
URBIN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Ms. H AR-
RIS, Ms. H IRONO , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. R EED, Mr. S
ANDERS , Ms. S MITH, Ms. W AR-
REN, Mr. W YDEN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , and Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ): S. 3225. A bill to ensure the humane treat-ment of pregnant women by reinstating the presumption of release and prohibiting shackling, restraining, and other inhumane 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY6.010 S17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5004 July 17, 2018 
treatment of pregnant detainees; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. INHOFE: S. 3226. A bill to direct the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to ensure that the treatment of natural gas ve-hicles is equal to the treatment of electric vehicles; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Ms. HARRIS (for herself, Mr. M
ERKLEY , Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. M AR-
KEY, Mr. C ARPER , Mr. S ANDERS , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. K AINE, Mr. B OOKER , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. W YDEN , and Ms. D
UCKWORTH ): S. 3227. A bill to reunite families separated at or near ports of entry; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. GARDNER: S. 3228. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for distributions from 529 programs to pay apprenticeship and qualified early education expenses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 21 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 21, a bill to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide that major rules of the executive branch shall have no force or effect un-less a joint resolution of approval is en-acted into law. 
S. 116 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 116, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to permit veterans who have a service-connected, perma-nent disability rated as total to travel on military aircraft in the same man-ner and to the same extent as retired members of the Armed Forces entitled to such travel. 
S. 205 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 205, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the estate and generation-skipping transfer taxes, and for other purposes. 
S. 422 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 422, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify presump-tions relating to the exposure of cer-tain veterans who served in the vicin-ity of the Republic of Vietnam, and for other purposes. 
S. 427 
At the request of Mr. S ANDERS , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 427, a bill to enhance Social Secu-rity benefits and ensure the long-term solvency of the Social Security pro-gram. 
S. 497 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. HIRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 497, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for Medicare coverage of certain lymphedema compression treatment items as items of durable medical equipment. 
S. 498 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 498, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to require the Sec-retary of Defense to use only human- based methods for training members of the Armed Forces in the treatment of severe combat injuries, and for other purposes. 
S. 514 
At the request of Mr. P ERDUE , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 514, a bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program to provide access to magnetic EEG/EKG-guided resonance therapy to veterans. 
S. 515 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 515, a bill to require the Secretary of Labor to maintain a publicly avail-able list of all employers that relocate a call center overseas, to make such companies ineligible for Federal grants or guaranteed loans, and to require dis-closure of the physical location of busi-ness agents engaging in customer serv-ice communications, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 783 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 783, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to distribute mater-nity care health professionals to health professional shortage areas identified as in need of maternity care health services. 
S. 817 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 817, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to in-crease the age requirement with re-spect to eligibility for qualified ABLE programs. 
S. 948 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 948, a bill to designate as wilder-ness certain Federal portions of the red rock canyons of the Colorado Plateau and the Great Basin Deserts in the State of Utah for the benefit of present and future generations of people in the United States. 
S. 1121 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1121, a bill to establish a post-secondary student data system. S. 1212 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1212, a bill to provide fam-ily members of an individual who they fear is a danger to himself, herself, or others, and law enforcement, with new tools to prevent gun violence. 
S. 1278 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1278, a bill to provide for the admission of the State of Washington, D.C. into the Union. 
S. 1522 
At the request of Mr. H EINRICH , the names of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) and the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1522, a bill to establish an Every Kid Outdoors program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1642 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1642, a bill to amend the Revised Statutes, the Home Owners’ Loan Act, the Federal Credit Union Act, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Act to require the rate of interest on certain loans remain unchanged after transfer of the loan, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1712 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1712, a bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to provide for the automatic recertification of income for income-driven repayment plans, and for other purposes. 
S. 1730 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the names of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) and the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1730, a bill to imple-ment policies to end preventable ma-ternal, newborn, and child deaths glob-ally. 
S. 1989 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the names of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) and the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1989, a bill to enhance transparency and account-ability for online political advertise-ments by requiring those who purchase and publish such ads to disclose infor-mation about the advertisements to the public, and for other purposes. 
S. 2101 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the names of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ), the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) and the Sen-ator from North Carolina (Mr. B
URR) were added as cosponsors of S. 2101, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the crew of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY6.018 S17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5005 July 17, 2018 
USS Indianapolis, in recognition of their perseverance, bravery, and serv-ice to the United States. 
S. 2105 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the names of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) and the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2105, a bill to mod-ify the presumption of service connec-tion for veterans who were exposed to herbicide agents while serving in the Armed Forces in Thailand during the Vietnam era, and for other purposes. 
S. 2131 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the names of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) and the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2131, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs to furnish medically necessary transportation for newborn children of certain women veterans, and for other purposes. 
S. 2144 
At the request of Mr. V ANHOLLEN , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2144, a bill to provide a process for granting lawful permanent resident status to aliens from certain countries who meet specified eligibility requirements. 
S. 2463 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2463, a bill to establish the United States International Development Fi-nance Corporation, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2567 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2567, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to enhance the national strategy for combating and eliminating tuberculosis, and for other purposes. 
S. 2577 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the names of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) and the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2577, a bill to reauthorize programs authorized under the Debbie Smith Act of 2004. 
S. 2578 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2578, a bill to amend title 13, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Commerce to provide ad-vanced notice to Congress before changing any questions on the decen-nial census, and for other purposes. 
S. 2593 
At the request of Mr. L ANKFORD , the names of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) and the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2593, a bill to pro-tect the administration of Federal elections against cybersecurity threats. S. 2823 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2823, a bill to modernize copyright law, and for other purposes. 
S. 3051 
At the request of Mr. H OEVEN , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3051, a bill to require the Secretary of Transportation to establish a working group to study regulatory and legisla-tive improvements for the livestock, insect, and agricultural commodities transport industries, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 3128 
At the request of Mr. K ENNEDY , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3128, a bill to reauthorize the National Flood Insurance Program. 
S. 3131 
At the request of Ms. H ARRIS , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 3131, a bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to provide increased labor law protections for ag-ricultural workers, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 3172 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3172, a bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to establish, fund, and provide for the use of amounts in a Na-tional Park Service Legacy Restora-tion Fund to address the maintenance backlog of the National Park Service, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 61 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 61, a resolution calling on the De-partment of Defense, other elements of the Federal Government, and foreign governments to intensify efforts to in-vestigate, recover, and identify all missing and unaccounted-for personnel of the United States. 
S. RES. 572 
At the request of Mr. K ENNEDY , the names of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI), the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. M
CCONNELL ), the Senator from North Dakota (Mr. H
OEVEN ), the Sen-ator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ), the Senator from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ) and the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 572, a resolution supporting the of-ficers and personnel who carry out the important mission of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. CORNYN: S. 3222. A bill to designate the J. Marvin Jones Federal Building and United States Courthouse in Amarillo, Texas, as the ‘‘J. Marvin Jones Federal Building and Mary Lou Robinson United States Courthouse’’; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the RECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 3222 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. J. MARVIN JONES FEDERAL BUILD-ING AND MARY LOU ROBINSON UNITED STATES COURTHOUSE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The J. Marvin Jones Federal Building and United States Court-house located at 205 SE 5th Ave., Amarillo, Texas, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘J. Marvin Jones Federal Building and Mary Lou Robinson United States Courthouse’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the Federal building and United States courthouse re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘J. Marvin Jones Fed-eral Building and Mary Lou Robinson United States Courthouse’’. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 3396. Mr. COTTON submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 4, to reauthorize programs of the Federal Aviation Administration, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 3396. Mr. COTTON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 4, to reauthorize programs of the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. llll. DEFINITION OF LIVESTOCK. 
Section 602(2) of the Emergency Livestock Feed Assistance Act of 1988 (7 U.S.C. 1471(2)) is amended in the matter preceding subpara-graph (A) by striking ‘‘fish’’ and all that fol-lows through ‘‘that—’’ and inserting ‘‘lla-mas, alpacas, live fish, crawfish, and other animals that—’’. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I have 7 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the majority and minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
The Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation is author-ized to meet during the session of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY6.020 S17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5006 July 17, 2018 
Senate on Tuesday, July 17, 2018, at 10:15 a.m., to conduct a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Sharks’’. 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, July 17, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘the semi-annual monetary policy report to the Congress’’. 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
The Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, July 17, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing. 
COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC  
WORKS  
The Committee on Environment and Public Works is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, July 17, 2018, at 9:45 a.m., to conduct a hearing. 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
The Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, July 17, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Reducing Healthcare Costs: Elimi-nating excess healthcare spending and improving quality of value for pa-tients.’’ 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Select Committee on Intel-ligence is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, July 17, 2018, at 12 p.m., to conduct a closed hearing. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Select Committee on Intel-ligence is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, July 17, 2018, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a closed hearing. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my intern, Karina Ramirez Velazquez, be granted privileges of the floor for the remain-der of the day. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the following individual fellows in my office be granted floor privileges for the remain-der of the 115th Congress: Casey Dreher, Cathleen Carlson, Nick St. Laurent, Gabe Kaptchuk, Shaanan Cohney, Roberta Kienast Daghir, and Derek Southern. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
AMENDING TITLE XIX OF THE SOCIAL SECURITY ACT Mr. GRAHAM. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Finance be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 6042 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The bill clerk read as follows: A bill (H.R. 6042) to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to delay the reduction in Federal medical assistance percentage for Medicaid personal care services furnished without an electronic visit verification sys-tem, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. GRAHAM. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 6042) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, JULY 18, 2018 Mr. GRAHAM. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 10 a.m., Wednesday, July 18; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning business be closed. I ask that following leader re-marks, the Senate proceed to executive session and resume consideration of the Oldham nomination and that time until 2 p.m. be equally divided; that at 2 p.m., notwithstanding rule XXII, the Senate vote on confirmation of the Oldham nomination with no inter-vening action or debate; and that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT Mr. GRAHAM. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the pre-vious order, following the remarks of our Democratic colleagues. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Vermont. 
f 
TRUMP-PUTIN SUMMIT Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, at the Helsinki summit yesterday, President Trump embarrassed our country, un-dermined American values, and openly sided with Russia’s authoritarian lead-er Vladimir Putin against the U.S. in-telligence community’s unanimous as-sessment that Russia interfered in our 2016 Presidential election. J
OHN MCCAINis right when he says it was ‘‘one of the most disgraceful perform-ances by an American president in memory. The damage inflicted by President Trump’s naivete, egotism, false equivalence, and sympathy for autocrats is difficult to calculate. But it is clear that the summit in Helsinki was a tragic mistake.’’ That is not B
ERNIE SANDERS . That is former Republican Presidential can-didate Senator J
OHN MCCAINof Ari-zona. Today, after a strong international backlash, Trump, in a bizarre state-ment, claimed he misspoke and of course blamed the media for reporting what he said. Even now he could not help but suggest that the electoral in-terference ‘‘could be other people also,’’ not just Russia. Today, we face an unprecedented sit-uation of a President who, for whatever reason, refuses to acknowledge an at-tack on American democracy. Either he really doesn’t understand what has happened or he is under Russian influ-ence because of compromising informa-tion they may have on him or because he is ultimately more sympathetic to Russia’s authoritarian-oligarchic form of society than he is to American de-mocracy. Whatever the reason, Con-gress must act, and must act now, to demand that the President of the United States represent the interests of the American people and not Russia. Let us be clear. Russia has been med-dling not only in U.S. elections but in the elections of other democracies—the United Kingdom, France, Germany, to name just a few. Russia’s goal is to ad-vance its own interests by weakening the transatlantic alliance of democ-racies that arose after World War II, while also inflaming internal divisions in each of these countries. We should also be clear that this in-terference is directed from the very highest levels of the Russian Govern-ment. Last week, Special Counsel Rob-ert Mueller announced a set of indict-ments of 12 members of Russia’s mili-tary intelligence service, the GRU. There can be no doubt that given the nature of the Russian Government, Vladimir Putin was directly involved in this effort, but our concern is not only what has already happened, it is what could happen in the future. Last week, Director of National In-telligence Dan Coats, a former Repub-lican Senator, raised the alarm on growing cyber attack threats against the United States in a range of areas, including Federal, State, and local gov-ernment agencies, the military, busi-ness, and academia, saying the situa-tion is at a ‘‘critical point.’’ He said: 
[Russia is the] most aggressive foreign actor, no question. And they continue their efforts to undermine our democracy. 
Coats compared the warning signs to those the United States faced ahead of the September 11th terrorist attacks. This is a clear and present threat to our democratic system and those of our allies. Ultimately, of course, we want a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY6.022 S17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5007 July 17, 2018 
peaceful relationship with Russia. We do not want a return to the Cold War, and we surely do not seek conflict, but at the same time, we must be very clear that we oppose what Putin is doing, both in terms of his foreign pol-icy and his domestic policy. On foreign policy, we will not accept Russian meddling in the elections of democratic countries, stoking political tensions by promoting hatred and sus-picion of immigrants and minorities and trying to undermine longstanding alliances between democratic allies. In 2014, in violation of international law, Russia invaded neighboring Ukraine and annexed the Crimea re-gion. Russia has assassinated political opponents abroad, most recently through the use of poison in Salisbury, England, on a former spy and his daughter, a chemical attack that en-dangered the lives of many civilians. The British Government concluded that this atrocious attack was likely carried out by Russia’s military intel-ligence service. Domestically, Putin has undermined democracy in Russia, crushing free speech, jailing political opponents, harassing and assassinating journalists who criticize him, and increasing per-secution of ethnic and religious mi-norities and the LGBT community. President Trump had an opportunity to speak out on all of these issues, to con-front Putin about these destabilizing and inhumane policies, but he chose not to. If the President of the United States is not going to do it, Congress must. The Congress must make it clear that we accept the assessment of our intelligence community with regard to Russia’s election meddling in our coun-try and in other democracies. The Con-gress must move aggressively to pro-tect our election systems from inter-ference by Russia or any foreign power and work closely with our democratic partners around the world to do the same. The Congress must demand that the sanctions against Russia that were passed last year be fully implemented. The Congress must make it clear that we will not accept any interference with the ongoing investigation of Spe-cial Counsel Mueller, such as the offer of preemptive pardons or the firing of Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosen-stein, and that the President must co-operate with this investigation. Finally, the Congress must make it clear to President Trump that his job is to protect the values that millions of Americans struggled for and died to de-fend—the values of democracy, justice, and equality. Tweets, comments, and press con-ferences are fine, but we need more from Republican Senators now. It is time for the Senate to rein in the President’s dangerous behavior. If their leadership will not allow votes on deal-ing with this extraordinarily impor-tant matter, then my Republican col-leagues must join with Democrats to make it happen, or all of their words are worthless. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. D
AINES ). The Senator from Florida. Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, the events of the last 36 hours, particularly the issue that now dominates the media coverage in America, and our political debates on the floor cause me to come today to the floor of the Senate to speak for a few minutes to my con-stituents in the State of Florida but also to anyone else who clearly should care about this issue across our coun-try, for it is one that impacts our Na-tion in ways that I don’t think have been fully vetted or are clearly under-stood by enough people. The idea that the Russian Federa-tion, at the command of Vladimir Putin, interfered in our election is something that most Americans are now familiar with. It has been a topic of ongoing conversation, discussion, de-bate, argument, and dispute, pretty much since the fall of 2016 and to the present day. It has morphed into some-thing that has become domestically more of a partisan issue. It is hard to believe. If you were able to get in a time machine and go back just 5 years and tell someone that Russian inter-ference in our election would become a partisan issue, along the lines in which we see it play out now, few would be-lieve you. I will spend very little time today talking about the past and saying ‘‘you guys did this on the other side of the aisle before we did’’ and vice versa be-cause it isn’t constructive and means nothing to the future. It wasn’t long ago, in a major Presi-dential debate where the Republican nominee, Mitt Romney, pointed to Russia as the greatest geopolitical challenge of the United States, that he was roundly mocked not just by Presi-dent Obama, who was running for elec-tion and subsequently won, but by many in the press. I don’t say that for purposes of drawing a ‘‘you guys were wrong back then’’ kind of argument. I say it solely for purposes of under-standing how far we have come and where we are today. By the way, I wouldn’t necessarily agree with that statement. I believe, by and large, that the greatest geo-political challenge for the United States and the world in the 21st cen-tury will be whether China’s rise is peaceful and productive or not. When the story of the 21st century is written, there will be some chapters in that book about Vladimir Putin and Russia, and it is a topic that increas-ingly dominates our domestic debate today in ways that I think require more careful examination and under-standing if we are to make from it good public policy and good decisions for the country. I think it begins with something that I talked about last week; that is, un-derstanding the nature of this conflict. It begins with a man, Vladimir Putin. I don’t know the man, but I know enough about him and have certainly learned enough about him to make some pretty clear assessments that I believe in deeply. The first is that this is a man who was raised in the Cold War Soviet Union, where people were trained to be suspicious about each other, and who then went on to a ca-reer in the intelligence agency of that country, the KGB. The result is that he is, by nature and by all accounts, both a suspicious and a paranoid individual, as someone probably would be if they spent their whole life lying to other people. You begin to assume that ev-eryone is a liar. This is a man who made his living by deceiving west-erners and manipulating them. He also grew up in a society where neighbors spied on each other and kids turned their parents in, and you never really knew who the other person you were talking to was. But if you were reported as someone who was against the government, your career, your abil-ity to go to school and the quality of life for your family would be deeply impacted. There is no way that you grow up in a society like that and in an environment like that and, then, later on, go and work as a spy and it does not somehow frame the way you oper-ate or think for years to come. The other thing that is pretty clear— for reasons I don’t fully understand be-cause I don’t know him, I don’t know his family, and I don’t know his up-bringing—is that he takes everything deeply personal. Any sort of effort against Russia is not a geopolitical de-cision or something that he can deper-sonalize. He seems to absorb all these things as a personal attack on him. As a result, he, I think, has come to view himself as Russia—as the embodiment of the Russian Federation. You add to all of that his views as a leader, and it is interesting because, if you go back to Vladimir Putin 15 years ago, he wasn’t nearly as confident or as bold as he is at this moment. There are a lot of reasons for it, but this is a per-son who accidentally became the lead-er of Russia. He is kind of almost the guy who stumbled into the role because of a series of circumstances. He was hardly known before he started his ca-reer as Prime Minister but went on to the Presidency, nonetheless. He is someone who wound up in this position almost by accident, but since then, he has solidified his hold. There is the Vladimir Putin from the first time around and the Vladimir Putin from the second time around, but one thing is abundantly clear from his public statements, and that is that he viewed the end of the Cold War as a disaster for Russia, and not for the rea-sons some people think. It is not an ideological rationale, but because Rus-sia, which already has a deep and long history in its geopolitics of feeling ig-nored by Europe and Asia and disrespected by the world—at the end of the Cold War, Russia was a nation that faced incredible challenges. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JY6.054 S17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5008 July 17, 2018 
Imagine for a moment that you are in the government or living in the So-viet Union and you oversee this incred-ible empire that covers all of this terri-tory and have all these nations within your sphere of influence, and over-night, it all evaporates. Overnight, all of the countries in your periphery begin to join NATO. They start having elections. They start becoming allies of the United States. Your territory shrinks. One day, Ukraine is part of the Soviet Union; the next day, it is its own country. Then add to that, over the next 12 to 15 years, the sort of emergence of the United States for much of that period of time as the world’s sole superpower, while Russia was struggling to have an economy or even be relevant in the global discourse. Then you come to see that Vladimir Putin viewed that period of time in world history, up to the present day, as an example of the strong America and strong West abusing a weak Russia, be-cause this is ultimately how he views life and how he views the world. It is a battle between the weak and the strong, where the strong prey on the weak. You know who he wants to be. So because of all of that and because he is paranoid and because he is sus-picious, he believes the United States, for example, was behind the protests in 2011 that broke out on the streets against his rule. He believes the United States is behind everything that is happening in Ukraine. All of this leads him to the two goals he has, and there are two goals that have become crystal clear, especially beginning his second time around as President. A lot of people forget that he was President, he left, and his handpicked successor served for a period of time. Then he came back for the second time. It is the second Putin we are now dealing with. Since that time, two things have be-come pretty clear about his goals. The first is that he wants to reestablish Russia once again as a world power, like the time when the Soviet Union was on par with the United States of America. He can’t do that economi-cally. A lot of people don’t realize this, but Russia is the 9th or 10th largest economy in the world. To put it in per-spective, the Italian economy—Italy is a great country—the Italian economy, with less territory, less oil, fewer peo-ple, is bigger than the Russian econ-omy. It is about equal to the Spanish economy. I would dare say—for exam-ple, my home State of Florida has an economy now at about $1 trillion. Rus-sia is at $2 trillion. There are States in this country that have a bigger econ-omy than Russia’s. So he is not a glob-al economic superpower. The only thing that makes him a global super-power is the fact that they possess thousands of nuclear weapons and con-ventional military capabilities that are significant and have improved as he has invested in them. He quickly real-ized: The way I am going to become relevant in the world again is not through my economic or diplomatic prowess; the way I am going to become relevant in the world again is I am going to use my conventional weapons, my conventional capabilities, along with some asymmetrical ones, to inject myself in the discussion in different parts of the world and show people that Russia and Vladimir Putin are strong again. That is what he has done. It actually began back in 2008 with the invasion of Georgia—we now commemorate the 10th anniversary of that—but it also plays out in his intervention in Syria or the annexation of Crimea. I believe he would have moved forward into Kiev and broader Ukraine had there not been the EU and U.S. sanctions against him as a result. The first objective is to make Russia a world power again. The second objec-tive, which he thinks is tied to the first, is that he has to make America weak. Vladimir Putin is a strong be-liever in zero-sum propositions—not in the idea that somehow we can both be better off or that there can be a win- win but a true believer in the idea that in order for me to be stronger or us to be stronger, you have to be weaker. It plays out that in order for Russia to be stronger, America, which he views as his greatest geopolitical com-petitor, has to be weaker. That is why they chose to interfere in the 2016 elec-tion. Let me say this: I don’t think Vladi-mir Putin interfered in our elections; I don’t believe he interfered in our elec-tions; I know it for a fact. By the way, so does everyone who has looked at this issue and knows anything about it. There is zero doubt about it. What I think we are missing in our debate is the why and the how. The why is not what people think. He may have had a personal preference in an election, but his interference and his efforts to interfere in our elections began well before the President of the United States descended down those es-calators in New York in the summer of 2015. They intended to do this long be-fore that period of time. His No. 1 objective was to ensure that no matter who was elected President of the United States, that person would assume office under a cloud of nagging and persistent controversy. He wanted to weaken them internally because, as an intelligence officer, he understood the power of being weakened from within. He understands it so much that he jealously protects his image in Rus-sia, he guards it, disclosing very little about himself or about his personal life. He never puts himself in a position to appear vulnerable. He only shows pictures of things he wants people to see and actually allows no dissent—to the point where a substantial number of the people who opposed Vladimir Putin are not out of politics or even in jail; they are dead. Sadly, the world is littered with story after story of a Rus-sian opposition figure found dead in his hotel room, strangled, fell out of a win-dow, poisoned. It happens over and over again. These things are not a coinci-dence. He wanted to weaken whoever was the next President of the United States. No matter how this election turned out in November, whether the President was named Trump or Clin-ton, we would be dealing with a Presi-dent right now under a cloud of con-troversy because he had it lined up ei-ther way. The second thing he wanted to do as part of the first part is undermine con-fidence in our institutions—I mean all of our institutions: our elections, the media, our political figures, every-thing. It has extended to important in-stitutions like the FBI and our intel-ligence agencies. He undermined con-fidence so that no one could be be-lieved. And the President is under con-troversy. Divide us against each other so that there are no authorities in which we trust. Some of this, by the way, was already happening in our country, but they had the nuanced un-derstanding of it to be able to exploit it. The third, as part of the first and sec-ond, is to really drive divisions—not just to weaken the President and un-dermine confidence in our institutions but look for ways to do so by exacer-bating preexisting tensions in our soci-ety. These were the aims of the Russian interference campaign beyond every-thing else. It was not about electing one candidate or another; it was about these things. It would be hard to see what happened yesterday and the reac-tion to it and not conclude that this ef-fort succeeded his wildest expectations. Today, the President of the United States has operated for the better part of a year and a half under a persistent cloud of controversy. On the one side, his political oppo-nents are intimating that his Presi-dency is illegitimate, that his election was not real. I heard words like ‘‘trea-son’’ thrown around yesterday. On the other side is complete denial that there was any interference and the undermining publicly of important institutions in this our country, such as the Federal Bureau of Investigation, which, by the way, is made up of thou-sands of employees, the vast and enor-mous majority of whom are patriotic Americans who keep us safe every sin-gle day. Undermining confidence in our institutions is tied to the point I just made, not to mention the fact that, in-creasingly, Americans get their news and information from someone who tells you what you already believe and confirms your bias even further, which drives our divisions. There is no way you could see what was happening in this country over the last year and a half—which was already happening, by the way, and for which all of us in American politics are some-what responsible—and not conclude that Vladimir Putin’s plan to under-mine the Presidency, no matter who it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JY6.056 S17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5009 July 17, 2018 
was, to undermine confidence in our in-stitutions, and to drive divisions in our country has been wildly successful, at a very low price. Interestingly, yesterday one of the interviews that he did—I think it was Mr. Wallace at FOX News who asked him about this, and his response was that none of the things that were leaked are untrue, as if to almost say with a wink, even if we colluded—or not colluded—even if we hacked and even if we did all these things and interfered, so what? We didn’t lie. These are all true things. So what have I heard in response to some of this? I will not spend a lot of time addressing some of the arguments made by the President’s opponents. There is an ongoing investigation being conducted by Mr. Mueller, which I be-lieve should reach its conclusion natu-rally as he continues to do his work. I have said this, and I will repeat it: It is in the best interest of the President of the United States and of our country for Mr. Mueller to do his work without interference and be able to conclude it. No matter where you line up or whom you voted for, we should all want to know the truth. That truth will ulti-mately have to be proven in a court of law. From his history, I have no reason to believe that Mr. Mueller will not con-duct a full, thorough, and fair inves-tigation. Ultimately, it is truth and the light of the truth that will help us overcome a lot of these controversies we find today. Until that has happened, any accusations are unfair, unwise, and counterproductive. But one of the arguments I have heard from people on my side of the aisle is that this is not a big deal be-cause everybody does it. And if by ‘‘ev-erybody does it’’ you mean everybody spies, yes, virtually every nation on Earth has an intelligence agency, and some do a better job than others. But do not be misled—everyone does not do what we saw in 2016. Our problem in 2016 was not that the Russians spied on Americans or that the Americans spied on the Russians or that the Chinese spied on us; our problem in 2016 is that the Russian Federation, under the command of Vladimir Putin, weaponized information. One thing is to gather information; another thing is to strategically leak it in an effort to influence the domestic politics of an-other country. And that is what Vladi-mir Putin ordered done for purposes of undermining the next President, who-ever it was, and undermining con-fidence in our elections and our insti-tutions. They hacked into emails. They re-leased these emails through a third party. It was picked up in the media, it was reported, and then we fought about it. That is what they have done. They have done it in other countries for years. They did it somewhat in the Cold War. They did it in 2016. And they will do it again. Let there be no doubt—they will do it again. Then after they released all this stuff, they used their army of bots and trolls to drive this information online, on plat-forms, particularly trying to drive it to certain groups and people to divide us even further against each other. One of the most dangerous things they did, which is now open record in the indictment issued last week by the Mueller investigation, is they probed the electoral systems of our States and counties. A lot of people are saying: They didn’t get in the ballot box. Abso-lutely. I tell you with full confidence that the reason President Trump won had nothing to do with Vladimir Putin—nothing. But I think we are wrong if we think all we should be wor-ried about is the ability to change votes at the ballot box because if they can somehow change people’s registra-tion and enough people on election day go to vote and are told ‘‘You aren’t al-lowed to vote,’’ their trolls will be ready to drive that news out there on election day. Then come election day, no matter who won, the other side will say that there were these weird things that happened down there in some county or some State, so the election is not valid. Imagine that for a moment. Imagine an election in 2000 in my home State that was decided by less than 600 votes. Imagine that in a Republican county, a bunch of Democrats went to vote on election day and were told: You can’t vote today because you are not reg-istered. If that happened to enough people, the Russian trolls would jump all over it. They would start driving it on the news. It would be featured on cable news that day. That night, if they lost, they would be arguing ‘‘The election was rigged. The electoral officials in the Repub-lican county rigged the elections’’—all driven by the Russians, and vice versa, by the way. That is the danger, that we can one day potentially elect a President of the United States who swears into office with a substantial number of people be-lieving that the election was stolen, undermining not just the President at that point but our very system of de-mocracy. That is what they did. Any-one who tells you that everyone does that is lying. Everyone does not do that. The United States does not do these things. I am a big critic of the Chinese, but the Chinese don’t do these things. I have other problems with them. The Belgians don’t do this, and the Japanese don’t do this. Only one country in the world has weaponized information in this way in order to interfere in an adversary’s election, and that is the Russian Federation under Vladimir Putin. The other argument I have heard is: What is wrong with better relations with Russia? Nothing is wrong with better relations with Russia. I will tell you right now that the world would be a better place, a more peaceful place, and our lives would be a little easier. We would be stronger if, somehow, we had a partner in the Russian Federa-tion with whom we could work to deal with things like terrorism and the pro-liferation of nuclear weapons and Iran and all sorts of issues—North Korea. We all wish we had that. The reason that isn’t happening, frankly, is not because of us. It is be-cause of Vladimir Putin. For Vladimir Putin, better relations are not what he is interested in. He is not seeking a partnership with the United States. What he is seeking is geopolitical, perceptional equality. He wants to be viewed as being on par with America, both as a leader and his country as a whole, and he believes the only way he can do that is to pull himself up and tear us down. I, frankly, have to tell you that it is very difficult to have bet-ter relations with someone who be-lieves that the only way for him to be better off is for you to be worse off. As long as the Russian Federation is led by someone who has total control of his government and has these views, it is going to be very difficult to have better relations. That does not mean we don’t meet with Vladimir Putin. Anyone who says that the meeting, alone, is wrong is not being wise and is being disingenuous. As 90 percent of the nuclear weapons on this planet are possessed by the United States and the Russian Federa-tion, that alone is reason for us to en-gage with Vladimir Putin. We have to. We have no choice. Yet we should en-gage with him with clear eyes and a clear understanding of what he is up to and what he is trying to do. We should engage with a very clear understanding that this is a man who, throughout his life as leader of the Russian Federa-tion, has never passed up an oppor-tunity to exploit the weakness of an adversary or a competitor. Every time he sees weakness and the opportunity to gain an advantage, he will take it, and any engagement with him in which that is not understood is a dangerous one. So I have no problem with having better relations with Russia. Frankly, I am not one of these people who is over the top on Russia to the extent of the threat it poses. It does have nu-clear weapons, but we have bigger threats than Russia. Yet it is a very significant one that needs to be ad-dressed. Our moving forward is what, I hope, we will focus on. Mueller will continue his work, and the Intelligence Com-mittee, which I sit on, will continue its work. Yet we are going to have an elec-tion in a few months. We are going to continue to have elections every 2 years, hopefully, forever, and there is no reason to believe that they will not try to do this again. That is why, earlier this year, along with Senator V
ANHOLLEN , I proposed the DETER Act, which is the only thing that Vladimir Putin under-stands—deterrence. The DETER Act says here is a list of sanctions, and these sanctions will go into effect im-mediately if the Director of National 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JY6.057 S17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5010 July 17, 2018 
Intelligence, after an intelligence as-sessment, determines that Russia is, once again, interfering in our elections so that before he even does it, he has a very clear understanding of what the price is going to be. Men like Vladimir Putin operate as cost-benefit analyzers. They weigh the costs against the benefits, and then they decide what action to take. There is no doubt, in 2016, he saw that the costs of what he did were very low. He thought he could hide it. He thought, by the time we would have figured it out, it would have been too late. He thought that America would be in such disarray that it wouldn’t be able to get its act together and actually impose any additional sanctions. He saw the benefits as extraordinary, so he took action, and he will do it again if he doesn’t think the costs are high enough. My hope is, over the next few days and in a short period of time, we will figure out a way, in working together as Americans on this issue, to set aside all of the stuff about yesterday—that probe will continue, and our work on the Intelligence Committee will con-tinue—and focus on the future. No matter how you feel about 2016, who among us would say that if Russia interferes in 2018—or in any year for that matter—it shouldn’t be punished? Who among us would say, if we had the opportunity to put into law strong con-sequences for interference that could deter such an attack, we wouldn’t want to do it? That is why I hope that no matter how you may feel about the other things that are going on that the Senate can come together and work to-gether to pass this law, because, other-wise, we are leaving our Nation vulner-able. I will close with something I said back in October of 2016, which is that Vladimir Putin is not a Republican, and he is not a Democrat, and he is not a conservative, and he is not a liberal. Do not ascribe to him any of the at-tributes of American politics. He inter-fered in 2016 in order to create chaos and controversy, not to elect any par-ticular party or individual. By far, that was his strongest motivator, and he will do it again. I believe, if left unchecked, he will target Members of the Senate who he thinks are his opponents. He will tar-get Members of Congress. Eventually, he will even target our debates outside of elections. I believe, if left un-checked, he is going to take the next step and not just leak information but will make it up. He is going to come up with 9 emails that will be real and will embed a 10th that will be fake. It will be reported, and it might cost one an election or might cost someone enough heartache that one has to resign. Information is a very powerful weap-on. If you go online, you will already see the ability to produce these deepfake videos that look real, videos that only an expert could tell are fake. They are of people saying or doing things they never said or never did. Imagine those being in the hands of a nation-state and being leaked 2 days before an election. A nation-state is going to do these things. It is going to happen if we do not deter it from hap-pening and if we do not prepare our Na-tion and the American people. If you think this is chaotic, then allow that to happen without informing us and preparing us and strengthening us and putting in place a deterrent against that. Then you will know chaos—a chaos that will shake us to our core. I hope that we can take this small but important step of coming together as Americans and protecting our elec-tions for years to come against an ad-versary who is determined to tear us down in order to build himself up. This is reality. This is the world and the threat we face. The sooner we address it the safer our Nation and our people will be. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. 
f 
BLUE-SLIP TRADITION Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, the nomination of Ryan Wesley Bounds is just the latest in more than a year of attacks that have been based on a strategy of converting the United States from a nation that is based and organized on and that fights for the principle of ‘‘we the people’’ into one that bows to the powerful and the priv-ileged. His nomination has already strained and degraded the Senate’s blue-slip tra-dition as our colleagues rush to pack our courts with extremist judges to ad-vance that vision—not of judges who call balls and strikes but of judicial ac-tivists who want to rewrite the Con-stitution to put down workers, to put down healthcare rights, to lay out and tear down consumer rights and wom-en’s rights—so many opportunities and empowerments diminished in the favor of the privileged and the powerful. That is what is going on with the pack-ing of the Court. This deed of putting forward this nomination on the floor tonight changes a 100-year tradition of comity in the U.S. Senate and the recognition that the home State Senators have something important to say about the integrity of the individual who is being put forward. At stake in this confirma-tion is the Senate’s advice-and-consent responsibility as applied through the blue-slip tradition—a tradition that incentivizes consultation and bipar-tisan cooperation. When you take away the blue-slip tradition, you diminish the incentive for consultation and co-operation. This tradition has existed since 1917. It was 101 years ago when Senator Thomas Hardwick objected to President Wilson’s district court nomi-nee, and he wrote his objection on a blue slip of paper—thus, the name. No judge until now—101 years later— has ever been confirmed by this body having not received a single blue slip from a home State Senator. Until this administration, just five had been con-firmed without both blue slips having been returned. This tradition has been honored by both parties. It has been a bipartisan tradition. When the Demo-crats have been in power, the Repub-licans have wanted it to be honored. When Republicans have been in power, the Republicans have honored it. In fact, in 2009, at the start of President Obama’s term when the Democrats controlled both the Executive Office and this Chamber, my Republican col-leagues wrote a letter. They wrote that they expected the blue-slip tradition to be observed evenhandedly and regard-less of party affiliation. It was not just that letter from which we have heard over time. We have heard from Chair-man GRASSLEY . Chairman G
RASSLEY wrote clearly about this: 
For nearly a century, the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee has brought nominees up for committee consideration only after both home State Senators have signed and returned what is known as a ‘‘blue slip.’’ This tradition is designed to en-courage outstanding nominees and con-sensus. . . . I appreciate the value of the blue-slip process and also intend to honor it. 
He intended to honor it, he wrote, in 2015. Yet putting this nomination through the committee dishonored the tradition. Bringing it to the floor dis-honors this tradition. It doesn’t honor it because it violates it. During the time that President Obama was in office, the Republicans used the blue slips to block 18 nomi-nees. The nominees never progressed without the return of two of those slips. We can turn back to the former chair of the Judiciary Committee, O
RRIN H
ATCH , who wrote in The Hill: 
Weakening or eliminating the blue slip process would sweep aside the last remaining check on the president’s judicial appoint-ment power. Anyone serious about the Sen-ate’s constitutional ‘‘advice and consent’’ role knows how disastrous such a move would be. 
The current chair and the former chair were pretty clear, and now they intend to tear it down—a moment of opportunity to sacrifice a century of comity and consultation. The clear factor is one principle when in the minority and tearing down that principle when in the majority. It is one principle for Obama’s nominees and a different principle for Trump’s nominees. Where has all of the honor and principle gone in this Chamber? There were no hearings for Obama’s nominees without blue slips. There have been hearings for four of Trump’s nominees without blue slips. Now, the majority leader helped to drive this change. He said: Republicans now will treat a blue slip ‘‘as simply notification of how you’re going to vote.’’ That is what he said. It is sim-ply notification. So it is up to the chair of the committee, the former chair of the Judiciary Committee, and all of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JY6.059 S17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5011 July 17, 2018 
the members who signed that 2009 let-ter saying how important this was to this Chamber to stand up and actually exhibit some trace of consistency with the position put forward just a short time ago. So now he is coming to the floor for a vote. This is a nominee on whom there was no consultation. We had a committee out in Oregon, set up by my senior colleague, Senator W
YDEN . We told the White House: Wait to make your choice until after the committee submits its list. This is the Oregon bi-partisan—bipartisan—judicial selection committee. But the President was in such a hurry to pack the court that he didn’t wait for consultation. I happen to have heard a Member across the aisle saying: Well, the White House said they consulted. Well, let me tell you that they didn’t consult. They didn’t ask me. They didn’t ask Senator W
YDEN . What does that mean for the White House? Is it the case that everything we have heard in the last year and a half is accurate out of the White House, because I have heard virtually every Member across the aisle say oth-erwise. So here you have the two of us hav-ing asked the White House to wait so they can get some consultation and get some advice from Oregon, but they didn’t wait. That was certainly the wrong thing to do. At the end of 2017, the nominations go back, and the White House has to resubmit them. We said: Here is an-other chance for you to honor the con-cept of consultation. And what hap-pened? The White House did it again. They didn’t care about consultation. If we hear from our colleagues to-night, this week, and in the days to come that they are going to push this nomination forward, don’t expect con-sultation from any future President when you happen to be in the minority because that is what you are striking down—a tradition that encouraged, ex-pected, supported, and promoted con-sultation. Have no doubt that this isn’t an ordi-nary nominee. When asked about any-thing else in his record that they should know might be inflammatory, this nominee didn’t breathe a word about key writings in his past. When this nominee was asked about his views on diversity and how they might have differed from before, he didn’t breathe a word about his former views—and maybe they are his present views. What did this nominee say on diver-sity? He said students who work ‘‘to promote diversity . . . contribute more to restricting consciousness, aggra-vating intolerance, and pigeonholing cultural identities than many a Nazi bookburning.’’ That is his attack on di-versity, but that isn’t all he said. He said diversity training is a ‘‘pes-tilence’’ that ‘‘stalks us.’’ That isn’t the only topic that he weighed in on in such a way that is way out of the mainstream and exhib-iting massive intolerance for diversity here in the United States, where we come from every corner of the world. When it came to the process of a cam-pus holding accountable young men in-volved in sexual harassment, young men involved in rape, he also said: ‘‘There is nothing really inherently wrong with the university failing to punish an alleged rapist.’’ I see that my colleague is here to speak, and I appreciate his coming down. He is coming down to speak on the principle of the blue slips and how it enshrines cooperation, and so I am delighted he is here. I will have more to say later, but at this moment, I defer to my colleague, Senator BLUMENTHAL . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Connecticut. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, first of all, I want to say how honored and grateful I am to follow my friend and distinguished colleague, who has outlined some of the reasons that I would vote against this nominee. I es-pecially respect his raising this issue of the blue-slip approval process, which is probably unknown to the vast majority of Americans. Let me begin by saying, as a member of the Judiciary Committee, as a liti-gator who has spent about 40 years in the courtroom before Federal and State judges of all kinds all over the country, why the blue slip from a U.S. Senator matters to justice. We debated this issue on the Judici-ary Committee. It is a time-honored tradition that Senators be consulted, that they return a blue slip; that is, ap-proval of a nominee from their State. That is because Senators, such as Sen-ator M
ERKLEY and Senator W YDEN , are rooted in their States. They know the lawyers. Many of us are lawyers. They know the colleagues of people who may be nominated to the U.S. district court or the court of appeals in the jurisdic-tions that cover the areas that they serve. They know the lawyers who have appeared before these judges—their qualifications and sometimes their faults. Also, they know the opinions of these lawyers, their records in court, and how they have performed. They know their character, their integrity, and they know their records outside of the courtroom as well. You have just heard tonight from Senator M
ERKLEY some statements that are extraordinarily revealing. The American people deserve to know them, and my colleagues deserve and need to consider them. For generations, the blue-slip process has ensured that judges are well-suited for the States where they will preside. The majority’s decision to ignore this process and, for the first time—very, very significantly—to ignore it with re-spect to both Senators from a State is a precedent that is profoundly dam-aging to this institution and to Amer-ican justice. It isn’t about us. It isn’t about our prerogatives or our pride. It isn’t about our hurt feelings or our sense of insult. The sun will rise tomorrow on all of us in this Chamber, and we will go on to do the business of this Nation, but for many people who will go into a court-room where Ryan Bounds may preside, they will experience a lesser standard of justice than they deserve, a lesser standard of justice than most judges provide. They deserve better. They are ultimately the losers, not we. It is not about us. The American people are the losers if we destroy this principle and norm that Senators must approve nominees who are from their own State. Only rarely, very rarely, is a fraction of the nominees found unacceptable by the Senators from their States. In my experience, in my 8 years here, I think there have been maybe a few, and with good reason. But this President shows that no principle is safe and no norm is inviolate in the rightwing fringe’s cam-paign to remake the Federal judiciary and to remake it in the image of the far right in this country. They have an ideological agenda and no respect for quality in deciding who will serve on the judiciary. Those groups that are trying to remake the court of appeals and the Federal dis-trict courts—that is, to remake judges at the lower level—whether it is the Federalist Society or the Heritage Foundation, are also responsible for the President’s decision to make him-self a puppet of their recommenda-tions, letting them pick judges who meet their anti-choice and anti- healthcare litmus tests. Those tests really are President Trump’s test. He said: I am going to appoint judges who are pro-life. He be-rated the Chief Justice because he was responsible for upholding the Afford-able Care Act and clearly showed that he would appoint judges who would strike it down. His decision to pick a Supreme Court Justice nominee who believes that the President should be above the law per-haps should surprise no one, but his outsourcing of that decision to those same rightwing groups that are trying to remake the lower courts is truly un-precedented. He has become a puppet of those groups in all of his judicial nomi-nees and most particularly in his Su-preme Court nominee. I know my colleagues will want to speak tonight about Ryan Bounds and other related issues, but let me just say about Judge Brett Kavanaugh of the Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit that he has shown that he meets the Trump litmus test because he has been vetted and screened by those rightwing groups. He has shown that he would automatically overturn Roe v. Wade and that he would, in fact, strike down significant protections—indeed, protec-tions for millions of Americans under the Affordable Care Act—from pre-existing conditions. He also believes that a President can refuse to comply with a law if he be-lieves it is unconstitutional—if he 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JY6.061 S17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5012 July 17, 2018 
alone believes it is unconstitutional— even if the law was duly passed by Con-gress and upheld by the courts. He has written: ‘‘Under the Constitution, the President may decline to enforce a statute that regulates private individ-uals when the President deems the statute unconstitutional, even if a court has held or would hold the stat-ute constitutional.’’ Judge Kavanaugh has also written that the President should be immune from even investigation for criminal or civil wrongdoing. Under his view, a President could not be investigated or indicted, could not be held accountable under the law, and would not have to respond to a civil suit or a subpoena or a request to be investigated by law en-forcement. That is the rule he believes should be adopted. It is clear from Judge Kavanaugh’s position on Executive power that he is a staunch supporter of, in effect, an im-perial Presidency. He believes a Presi-dent is above the law and immune from checks and balances. This view is anti-thetical to our democratic principles and tradition. It is in keeping with Donald Trump’s view of the Presi-dency. It is out of sync with what our democracy needs now, especially with this President. President Trump has repeatedly ex-pressed his admiration of dictators like Kim Jong Un or Vladimir Putin. His apologists will tell us to ignore Judge Kavanaugh’s view of Executive power— pretend like they don’t exist—but we have a responsibility to consider them, to take into account these extreme views on Executive power. They must be a central issue in this confirmation battle. He would, in effect, welcome legisla-tion enabling the President to fire a special counsel for any reason or no reason at all, and if we have learned anything over the last 24 hours, it is that the special counsel’s investigation must be protected. It must be pro-tected against the concerted and co-ordinated, concentrated effort of the Trump surrogates and cronies to dis-credit or derail it. It must be protected against efforts to impeach Rod Rosen-stein. It must be protected against the President’s own threats, continuing to call it a witch hunt, when we see more and more in indictments and convic-tions that it is real and significant. Donald Trump cannot be permitted to derail it. We will talk again about Judge Kavanaugh. As to Ryan Bounds, the decision is for now, and because he has been right-ly denied approval through the blue- slip process, because the abandonment of that process does such grave poten-tial damage to American justice, and because Ryan Bounds is unfit by virtue of many of his views and past state-ments to serve on the Federal bench, I will oppose and vote against him. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I wish to join my distinguished colleague from Connecticut in commenting on the qualifications and prospects of these two nominees whom we are fac-ing now on the Senate floor. I thank him for his comments. I would like to take my time to bring to the attention of this body some of the concerns that—what I think are in the nature of concerns that if we do this now, we will learn to rue the day we made these mistakes. Let me begin, as I did in my com-ments about Judge Kavanaugh, with just a quick overview of how our Founding Fathers felt about the judi-cial branch of government and about the jury and what it was there for. The Founders were experienced politicians. They were adept at history. They read widely. They prided themselves on the expertise they had developed in how you design a government, and they were very conscious about doing some-thing that was unprecedented and that they wanted very desperately to have work right. So they put their hearts and souls into trying to get it right, this American experiment of ours. From sad experience in the Colonies, they knew big special interests could come in and could completely domi-nate a legislative body; that the legis-lative body would be at the beck and call of big, private special interests. They had also seen Governors in the Colonies become corrupted by influ-ence. So they were very concerned that it was not enough that you separated the legislative and executive branches and created some degree of rivalry be-tween the two because that left the prospect still that the big special inter-ests that commanded the legislature could also command the executive branch. Then, where would the ordi-nary citizen go? Where would you go for relief when some big and powerful interest controlled those two branches of government? You would go to the courts. That is why they made the ju-diciary independent. That is why they insisted and fought so hard to make sure the institution of the jury made it over from England, made it to the Colonies. It was part of our battle with England that the King had tried to interfere with our juries. We took the power of the jury and the independence of the court seriously, not just as a matter of providing justice to an indi-vidual person but as part of the archi-tecture of our Constitution, as part of the architecture of freedom that our Constitution represents. There is something that is inter-esting about the jury and the courts, but the jury, in particular, that makes it a little bit different than a lot of the rest of what went on in that Constitu-tion because, clearly, the Founding Fa-thers were concerned that the power of government would be co-opted by pow-erful interests and then evil work would be done with that power against ordinary people. So a lot of our con-stitutional structure is designed to protect all of us regular Americans against the power of government, but in the courts, and specifically in the jury, there is a different power that was at issue. Blackstone was the predominant legal figure in the Colonies at the time. The reference that lawyers of the Revo-lutionary era used was ‘‘Blackstone’s Commentaries.’’ Blackstone described how, within the larger context of the judicial branch, the jury was a defense for regular people not against the gov-ernment, interestingly—possibly against the government—but also, and perhaps more importantly, against the more wealthy and powerful citizens. It was set up so the courts would provide equality between an ordinary Amer-ican citizen who was being run over by a big, powerful, wealthy American cit-izen, and they would be treated fairly. It would be the chance where you could stand up against wealth, where you could stand up against power, and even if they controlled the legislature, even if they controlled the Governor, you still had your shot before that jury of your peers and in those courts. So that is the context for looking at these judges who are being put forward by a special interest apparatus of per-haps unprecedented power in our coun-try’s history—certainly unprecedented power in our country’s history since Teddy Roosevelt broke the back of the big trusts and the Big Business inter-ests that had dominated in his era. Here, we have these two characters coming through, and one is Mr. Bounds. Mr. Bounds has a considerable problem with himself, which is that he is filling a seat on the Ninth Circuit that is designated to the State of Or-egon. It has, until this moment, always been the tradition of the Senate that the home State Senators associated with that seat have the ability to say no. It is part of our checks and bal-ances. The people from that State who are likely to know him the best—the Senators who are here—have the chance to say no. Both of the Oregon Senators have said no. Has that mattered one whit to the Trump ad-ministration? No, they have broken this tradition. Regrettably, our Republican col-leagues are complicit in letting this happen. They are complicit in letting this happen. It is a sad day for the Sen-ate because the blue-slip process—the process by which home State Senators are allowed to say no—is also the only process that defends that this is an Or-egon seat in the first instance. There is no other check on the President’s power to appoint. So there are a lot of reasons why Bounds is disqualified, but the most compelling one to me is be-cause the two home State Senators have both said no to this person. Things do turn about. I have been in the majority here, and I have been in the minority. I have been here with Re-publican Presidents, and I have been here with Democratic Presidents. Things do turn about. When the day 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JY6.062 S17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5013 July 17, 2018 
comes that we have a Democratic President making these appointees and when we have Democratic control so we can confirm these appointees, Re-publican Senators are going to regret that they threw their own blue-slip rights away today on this nomination, and throwing their blue slips away doesn’t just mean they lose their vote as to the Oregon Senator for this seat, it means they lose their vote that de-fends that this needs to be an Oregon judge in this seat. There is nothing, after the blue slip is gone, that would allow our col-leagues from Texas to prevent a Demo-cratic President from appointing a New York City judge to Texas seats on the circuit court of appeals. So if that starts to happen, don’t come crying back to us now about this. Today is your chance to stop that—to stop all of that—and to put the Senate back to respect for our colleagues’ judgment, a mutual and bipartisan re-spect for our colleagues’ judgment that has been the standard of the Senate for a century now. It is going today, and it is going today under what pressure? Why would we want to turn to other colleagues and say: For the first time ever, your views don’t count about the judge from your home State, Senator. The only reason for that is the power of the political pressure behind these appointees, and that is the big special interests that are putting these nomi-nees forward, that have precleared them through this mysterious, dark process that the Federalist Society runs, that have pushed forward these political campaigns to support them through this mysterious, dark process that is funded through the Judicial Cri-sis Network, and they are going to be telling them what to do through a mys-terious, dark process of funded so- called friends of the court—amici—who are going to be there in the court all day long telling them what to do. That is the process that is breaking the blue slip, and it oughtn’t to. It is not right on its own, and it certainly isn’t right to break the blue slip. The last thing I will say is about this character Oldham, who is coming in. Among the leading Republican special interests are the great polluters. They got Scott Pruitt in. What more proof do you need that the polluters are in control than to put Scott Pruitt in charge of the EPA? The man was a joke, and yet in he went, confirmed by the Senate. Now comes Oldham, who has said that the entire administrative state is enraging to him—enraging to him. It is the illegitimacy of it, he says. ‘‘It is the entire existence of this edifice of administrative law that’s constitu-tionally suspect.’’ No, it is not. We have an entire body of law, the delegation doctrine, that controls what is appropriate for Con-gress to delegate to an administrative agency. It has been that way for dec-ades. This is fanciful stuff, but it is a wonderful red flag waved for the big polluters, saying: Whenever you dis-agree with a regulatory agency that tries to keep you cleaning up your act, I am going to be with you. That is what the Oldham nomination is all about. It is all about telling the big polluters that we have a friend for you on the courts now. If there is one thing that ought not to happen in this country, it is that somebody walks up the steps of the courthouse, and before the argument is even made, they know they are going to lose the case, not from the argu-ments in the brief but from the iden-tity of the party on the front page of the brief. That is why Oldham is going on the court, so that the big polluters can know they will win their cases in front of him without him even having to read the brief. All he will need to do is look at the cover, see that the big pol-luters are on the cover, and know he is there to attack the administrative state making them keep the water clean, making them keep the air clean, or making them keep their carbon emissions under control. That is what this is about. This is not right. It is not right that the blue slip is being torn apart today on the Senate floor. It is not right that some-body who doesn’t think that the EPA ought to even exist is being put for-ward as a judge. But the connections come back to that same initial point, which is that the big special interests who like to control legislatures and who like to control executive branches would also love to control the courts, because that is the place where they can still be held to account. So it is with real regret that I face this day in the Senate. I yield my remaining time. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, will my colleague yield for a question? Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Of course. Mr. MERKLEY. I very much appre-ciate his laying out this basic frame-work under which this conversation is taking place. But just for clarity, the Senator made the point that there is no law that requires a member of a cir-cuit court to be in a particular State and that it is only under this tradition and agreement among the Members of this body that a judge reside in a par-ticular State as part of a circuit court. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. That is abso-lutely correct. There is not a law that assigns within the Ninth Circuit which judges will be treated as Oregon judges and which judges will be treated as California judges. Within Rhode Island, we are part of the First Circuit Court of Appeals. There is one seat on that court that, by tradition, is designated to Rhode Island. Mr. MERKLEY. So if we lose this blue-slip tradition for circuit courts, it would be the case that when the seat comes open that is now held in Rhode Island, an administration could nomi-nate and conceivably a majority could confirm someone who lives, say, in Ari-zona. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. It would mean that the Senators from that State would have no defense against that change. It would mean that the next Democratic President could appoint Rhode Islanders to Texas. It would mean that the next Republican Presi-dent could appoint Texans to Rhode Is-land, and neither the Senator from Texas nor the Senators from Rhode Is-land would have any defense left against that without the honoring of the blue slip. Mr. MERKLEY. So, in essence, if our colleagues across the aisle vote for this confirmation, they are basically saying that they are voting to give up the un-derstanding among this body that has ensured that they would have a voice in making sure that a member of their circuit court was residing in their State and someone they felt had the qualities of integrity and under-standing necessary to administer jus-tice. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. They would ei-ther be giving up the one defense they have to make sure that the seats on the court that are allocated to their State are in fact filled with judges from their State, or they would be sug-gesting that there should be two dif-ferent sets of rules that apply—that there be one blue-slip rule for a Demo-cratic President and that there would be a different blue-slip rule for a Re-publican President. I don’t think that is credible. I think that once the blue slip is torn down, re-establishing it is virtually impossible. I think the day will come when Sen-ators come to regret that they are try-ing to get a home-State person ap-pointed from Idaho or Colorado or New Mexico or Texas, and they have given up their ability to see to it that hap-pens, and that a lawyer from San Fran-cisco or from New York City or from Florida or from anyplace else can be dropped into their circuit court seat, and they have nothing left to do about it, because the one tool they have to stop that and to enforce that preroga-tive is the blue slip, and it dies today. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ap-preciate so much my colleague from Rhode Island laying out what is at stake here. Why has this 101-year tradition main-tained itself over a period of time in which so many things have changed in our culture? The country has been transformed, but for over a century, there has been this mutual under-standing that, when it comes to the circuit court, it is appropriate to have members serving on that circuit who have roots in and approval and under-standing related to different States within that circuit. That is what has held it together. If I tear it down for one of my col-leagues, I tear it down for myself. If I tear it down for their circuit, I tear it down for my circuit. That is what has held it together—that we each want the circuits to be able to reflect indi-viduals who have an understanding of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JY6.064 S17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5014 July 17, 2018 
the issues that might come up in that circuit. There is embodied in the law a resi-dency requirement for some positions on a circuit court. But that residency requirement isn’t the same as a blue- slip requirement. You can establish residency very easily in another State. Previous decisions of the court have made sure it is possible to easily estab-lish residency in another State. There-fore, it is the blue slip that has main-tained this balance. We were taking a look at some of the writings of the individual who is up for this particular position that so both-ered and concerned me and concerned the senior Senator from Oregon, my colleague Senator W
YDEN . I shared a little bit about his stated written views on diversity, that students working to ‘‘promote diversity . . . contribute more to restricting consciousness, ag-gravating intolerance and pigeonholing cultural identities than many a Nazi bookburning.’’ That was a direct quote. He referred to diversity training as a ‘‘pestilence’’ that ‘‘stalks us.’’ I have an article he wrote entitled ‘‘Labor Unions and the Politics of Aztlan.’’ This is about students who are part of a minority group on cam-pus, and whether they should be able to take up an issue, and, at his campus, they did. They took up an issue about the ability of workers to organize into labor unions. He said: ‘‘I would hardly suggest that no student group should be able to take up a political matter, if it is of direct relevance to its reported mission.’’ He said: I wouldn’t say that any group shouldn’t be able to, but the sundry ethnic centers or the clubs that derive many a material benefit from those ethnic centers should not be able to take up an issue related to their mis-sion. I am paraphrasing here, but I will come back to it and make sure I give the exact words. Here, we have it. He said, essentially, that for the Chicano or Latino Stan-ford students who protested against a hotel chain for firing workers who tried to form a union, if they stood up for those workers, he felt it was the wrong thing for them to be able to do so. He said: ‘‘I would contend, however, that no student group that is affiliated with an ethnic center or any other de-partment of this university has any business holding political issues cen-tral to its mission.’’ Can you imagine? He says he wouldn’t weigh in that any group couldn’t pursue issues on campus, but when it comes to the ethnic groups, it is just plain wrong, in his opinion, for them to be able to take a position on an issue. That is a pretty significant situation, for somebody who is going to be a judge on a body to be able to say that, in his opinion, if it is an ordinary student group, they have every right to get involved, but if it is a Latino or Chicano group or an ethnic group, they shouldn’t be allowed to get involved in an issue. How can people come before that judge and expect anything that re-sembles a fair hearing, here in the United States of America, where we have a vision of opportunity for every single American, where we have a 1964 Civil Rights Act that was passed long before this nominee attended college and that threw out the notion that dis-crimination was acceptable? I am delighted that my colleague from Massachusetts has arrived to weigh in on this issue of the appro-priateness of a nominee coming to the floor of the Senate who, in the judg-ment of the two home-State Senators, isn’t appropriate either because of views they have carried that bring into question their ability to fairly admin-ister the law and, therefore, bring into question the entire integrity of the court at that moment, or because the individual also demonstrated a com-pleted lack of integrity by failing to provide this information about their writings when they were asked to do so. I yield to my colleague from Massa-chusetts. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Massachusetts. Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I thank Senator M
ERKLEY for bringing us here this evening to give us this chance to talk about a Supreme Court nominee and to have us all here to talk about a whole range of issues, because this Su-preme Court nominee will affect the lives of every single human being. So I thank Senator M
ERKLEY for doing this. Since day one, the Trump adminis-tration has been plagued with chaos, corruption, and broken promises. Can-didate Trump promised to drain the swamp in Washington, but this admin-istration is teeming with shady, cor-rupt political appointees using their government service to line their own pockets and to do the bidding of their benefactors. Candidate Trump promised to take care of everyone—to make sure that every American was, in his words, ‘‘beautifully covered.’’ Instead, he is trying to rip up the Affordable Care Act, permit insurance companies to discriminate against tens of millions of people with preexisting conditions, and knock millions more off healthcare coverage. Candidate Trump promised to raise taxes on the rich. Remember that one? Yes. Instead, he handed out an eye-pop-ping $1.5 trillion tax giveaway to giant corporations and the superrich. For hard-working American families, the Trump Presidency has turned into a nightmare. Trump hasn’t broken his promises to everyone—no, not by any stretch. For millionaires, billionaires, and giant corporations, Trump has kept his promises all the way. Nowhere has that been more obvious than with our courts. ‘‘Equal Justice Under Law’’—those are the words inscribed over the top of the Supreme Court. That is what the American judicial system is supposed to be all about—a fair, neutral forum governed by the rule of law; a place where everyone can be heard; a place where individual rights are respected; a place where nobody is above the law. Those are high aspirations, but these ideas never sat well with the wealthy and well-connected. They are used to getting special deals, and a judicial system that protects everyone, no mat-ter their wealth or status in this coun-try, is a challenge to their unchecked power. For years, they have engaged in a concerted campaign to turn our courts into one more rigged game, a place that carefully protects the rich and powerful and kicks dirt in everyone else’s face. Billionaires and giant cor-porations have been working on this plan for decades. Today, the rich and powerful do their best to drown our elections in money and tilt our government in their favor. Every day, they use their money to buy favors in DC. Every day, they deploy armies of lawyers and lobbyists to bend the laws passed by Congress to their will. Every day, they push this govern-ment to do just a little more for the rich and powerful and a little less for everyone else. They are doing the same in our courts too. Since Donald Trump was elected, we have seen judge after judge come through the Senate, some barely qualified, some with deeply offensive records. But nearly all these judges have one key quality: a demonstrated willingness to put a thumb on the scales for those at the top at everyone else’s expense. This week, we will vote on two more Trump-nominated appeals court judges. If they are confirmed, they will continue to tilt the courts away from equal justice under law. Nowhere is this effort more obvious or more damaging than with the Presi-dent’s Supreme Court selections. Dur-ing the Presidential campaign, Donald Trump asked one group to draw up a list of acceptable candidates to serve on the Supreme Court—one group, one very influential group, one extremist group—the Federalist Society, a rad-ical, rightwing group deeply com-mitted to overturning Roe v. Wade. Trump promised publicly that if he was elected President, he would select Su-preme Court nominees exclusively from the Federalist Society’s list. The idea of a Republican President outsourcing the selection of judges has never been so nakedly public. For dec-ades, the Federalist Society has been one of the leading rightwing, billion-aire-funded groups working to capture our courts. Their agenda? To impose their extremist agenda on the entire country, undermining critical rights like women’s rights, workers’ rights, voting rights, and environmental pro-tections. The courts are at the heart of the Federalist Society’s plan, so the group has been laser-focused on filling the Federal bench with people who are precommitted to serving the interests 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JY6.066 S17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5015 July 17, 2018 
of the rich and powerful instead of dis-pensing equal justice under law. By allowing them to handpick the Justices who sit on the Supreme Court, Trump gave the Federalist Society an unprecedented opportunity to impose their extremist agenda on the entire country. What is at the top of their list? Overturn Roe v. Wade. A top con-servative explained that Leonard Leo, the Federalist Society’s longtime exec-utive vice president, was the man to get the job done. ‘‘No one has been more dedicated to the enterprise of building a Supreme Court that will overturn Roe than the Federalist Soci-ety’s Leonard Leo.’’ Criminalize abor-tion, punish women—that is the Fed-eralist Society’s plan. Donald Trump has been happy to dance to their tune. During the 2016 campaign, he said: Yes, women should be punished if they try to get an abor-tion. And if he could appoint two or three Justices, Roe would be automati-cally overturned. Since taking office, President Trump has made it abundantly clear that he plans to fulfill his promise to select candidates exclusively from the Fed-eralist Society’s list. Just days after his inauguration, Trump nominated Neil Gorsuch—one of the candidates on the Federalist Society’s list—to fill the vacancy on the Supreme Court. Judge Gorsuch had a long record of twisting the law in ways that favored the inter-ests of large corporations over women, over workers, over consumers, and over just about everyone who wasn’t wealthy and well-connected. Repub-licans were so dedicated to getting Gorsuch on the Court that they actu-ally changed the Senate rules to get him through the Senate nomination. From his powerful perch on the Su-preme Court, Judge Gorsuch has con-tinued to make it harder for Americans to find justice. In just 1 year on the Court, he has voted to gut the ability of public sector unions to negotiate for higher wages, better benefits, and im-proved working conditions for teach-ers, nurses, firefighters, police officers, and other public servants; he has voted to undermine workers’ ability to hold their employers accountable for break-ing the law; and he has voted to uphold President Trump’s immoral Muslim ban. The same powerful people who hand-picked Justice Gorsuch know they will have another ally in Brett Kavanaugh. Frankly, it is not hard to see why. Like Justice Gorsuch, Judge Kavanaugh’s record shows that he will continue to tilt the scales of justice in favor of the rich and powerful and against everyone else. Don’t take my word for it; take a look at his record. Judge Kavanaugh voted to limit the ability of women to make their own healthcare decisions. He opposed a rul-ing protecting women’s access to birth control under the Affordable Care Act. He voted to make it harder for agencies to protect public health, safety, and economic security. He ruled that the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau—the agency that has returned $12 billion directly to people who were cheated by corporate lawbreakers—is unconstitutional. He suggested that Federal judges might substitute their own personal policy judgments for those of expert Federal agencies that have been directed by Congress to en-force the law. Judge Kavanaugh had a lot of com-petition to get selected to fill the va-cancy on the Supreme Court. After all, the Federalist Society had pulled to-gether a whole list of people prescreened to overturn Roe v. Wade and help out the powerful corporate in-terests that are really calling the tune in Washington. Why pick Judge Kavanaugh? Why him instead of some-one else on the list? There is something special that makes Judge Kavanaugh a lot more at-tractive to President Trump. Judge Kavanaugh believes that, while in of-fice, a sitting President should be above the law. He has argued that sit-ting Presidents should not face per-sonal civil suits or criminal investiga-tions or prosecutions while in office. After the spectacle broadcast live on television around the world of Presi-dent Trump attacking American intel-ligence agencies and American law en-forcement officers while sucking up to Vladimir Putin, we should all question Judge Kavanaugh’s willingness to pro-tect the President no matter what. After Trump’s deeply embarrassing performance, Republicans who actually want to stand up for the United States of America and stand up to Trump in-stead of hiding behind carefully worded tweets could refuse to rubberstamp Trump’s Supreme Court nominee. Re-publicans who believe that no one is above the law could vote no on Judge Kavanaugh. There is a lot more that makes this nominee particularly attractive to President Trump. Judge Kavanaugh has demonstrated incredible hostility toward efforts to rein in public corrup-tion and to break the stranglehold of money on our political system. Substituting your personal views for the will of Congress is not the job of a judge, and it is certainly not conserv-ative. Stripping rights away from women, voters, workers, and immi-grants, while expanding the rights of corporations and rich people isn’t fair, neutral, or equal. Judge Kavanaugh didn’t make this stuff up on his own, no. Judge Kavanaugh is part of a movement to twist the Constitution in ways that are deeply hostile to the rights of everyone but those at the top. He has been a part of that movement for the majority of his professional life, both before and after he became a judge, and now he has a record of 12 years of judicial deci-sions that demonstrate his loyalty to that radical ideology. All of this makes Brett Kavanaugh a dream candidate for the rightwing, ex-tremist Federalist Society; a dream candidate for rightwing, extremist Re-publicans; a dream candidate for the rightwing groups and billionaires who want to buy off our political system; a dream candidate for a sitting President whose campaign is under an active, on-going FBI investigation that eventu-ally could land in the U.S. Supreme Court; a dream candidate for all of them and a nightmare for everyone else. President Trump has made his choice. Here is the thing: President Trump is not a King. The Constitution demands that the Senate have a say in who gets to serve on the Supreme Court, and that means every single Senator has a vote. Think about what is at stake. One Justice, one vote could determine whether women can make their own healthcare decisions. One Justice, one vote could determine whether workers can join unions to ne-gotiate for better pay, better working conditions, and better benefits. One Justice, one vote could determine whether millions of people with pre-existing conditions can still get health insurance. One Justice, one vote could make decisions on voting rights, civil rights, immigration, criminal justice, consumer protection, and environ-mental protection. One Justice, one vote could decide whether everyone or just those at the top can find justice in America. The Justices who sit on the highest Court in the country should not be prescreened by extremist groups whose agenda is to tilt the scales of justice against Americans who are most vul-nerable. They should not work to hand our courts over to corporate giants and wealthy individuals. The Justices who sit on our highest Court should be un-equivocally committed to one prin-ciple: equal justice under law. Judge Kavanaugh’s record shows that he is not the right candidate to spend a lifetime making decisions that will touch the lives of every American. Every American who believes that our courts should not be another puppet of the rich and powerful should speak out, and every Senator who believes in equal justice under law should say no to Judge Kavanaugh. Mr. President, I yield the floor to my colleague from Oregon. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
OUNDS ). The Senator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Massachusetts for eloquent remarks. I particularly want to thank my colleague from Oregon for putting together this time to speak on issues so important to our State, as Senator W
ARREN has noted, and issues important to our country. In the con-text of talking about Ryan Bounds, I am going to talk about how, unfortu-nately, the handling of the Bounds nomination moves the Senate even fur-ther away from what I think the Sen-ate has always been about, which I would describe as principled biparti-sanship. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JY6.067 S17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5016 July 17, 2018 
As I indicated, Ryan Bounds, an im-portant judicial nominee, is being con-sidered as a candidate from my home State of Oregon, and we will vote on him before the end of the week. As I have indicated, I believe the de-bate about Ryan Bounds is not a typ-ical debate on a typical nomination for reasons I am going to outline tonight. In my view, it is vital that the Sen-ate look at this nomination in a broad-er context, particularly as it relates to what I call the decline of principled bi-partisanship in the Senate. I want to be clear about what I mean when I mention the words ‘‘principled biparti-sanship’’ and the reason I describe it that way—bipartisanship born of prin-ciple. Bipartisanship is not about taking each other’s bad ideas. I see my friend from South Dakota in the chair of the Presiding Officer of the Senate. I wouldn’t come up to him in the name of bipartisanship and ask him to take a flawed idea, and I am quite sure he wouldn’t ask that of me because I know the Presiding Officer well enough to know he has had an interest over the years in bipartisanship built around principle. So bipartisanship is not about taking each other’s lousy ideas; it is about taking each other’s good ideas. The fact is, the Senate has certainly been very polarized, very divided this session, and yet we have been able to do it when we kept that lodestar of principled bipartisanship in mind. If you had said in January of 2017 that the U.S. Senate would enact a 10- year Children’s Health Insurance Pro-gram, an improved, expanded Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program, I think people would have said: You are hallucinating. It can’t happen. Because my colleague, who sits right over there, Chairman H
ATCH , and I talked about this was a chance to help chil-dren and save money, we are able to do something nobody thought was pos-sible because both of us shared an in-terest in the well-being of children and cost-effective approaches in healthcare. I know my colleague knows about this. Senator C
RAPO , who sits a few seats from Chairman H
ATCH , and I lined up more than 270 forestry groups because the whole system of fighting fire was broken, and we said we have to do something very different. We have to end the incentive, basically, for raiding the fire prevention fund to put the fire out, and then the problem got worse. It didn’t make any sense in South Dakota; it didn’t make any sense in Oregon; it didn’t make any sense anywhere, but because Chairman C
RAPO and I found common ground around principles that this wasn’t a cost-effective approach to discriminate against fire prevention, and we saw how important it was to take a bal-anced approach on natural resources so we could have forest health and get fiber in the mills and protect our land, air, and water, it was an agreement based on principled bipartisanship. So two big issues, not immigration or trade that are in the headlines, but an awful lot of people in America and in our part of the world are going to ben-efit from the principled bipartisanship that led to an unexpected break-through in terms of meeting the healthcare needs of our children and a transformative approach—not my words, the words of the Forest Serv-ice—in terms of fighting fire. The fact is, the handling of these ju-dicial nominations, and Ryan Bounds in particular, is a break, a dramatic, sharp break from this tradition of prin-cipled bipartisanship. I would like to say, by the way, that in Oregon, we have followed the idea of principled bipartisanship as it related to judicial nominations as well. I have had the pleasure of working with two Republicans very closely on these judi-cial nominations: the late Mark Hat-field, a revered figure in Oregon, the chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee, and my former colleague Gordon Smith, two Republicans. No-body ever thought Gordon Smith and I would work together. We had a race in 1996. I won by a lit-tle bit. He won the next one. Nobody ever thought we would work together, but we worked together on those judi-cial nominations, literally, hand in glove, a Democrat and a Republican. Senator MERKLEY , who defeated Sen-ator Smith, brought exactly the same approach to this, and he said: Well, how did it work in the past? I said: Well, we had a judicial selection proc-ess that was bipartisan, and we would have all our offices represented. I remember, when I was the junior Senator and Mark Hatfield was the senior Senator and Bill Clinton had been elected, I said: Senator, I can’t imagine that you and I aren’t going to find common ground through our selec-tion process and the effort to come to-gether around judges that make sense for our State and our country—and we did. Year after year, that has been the case for almost 20 years. I have been the senior Democrat in our congres-sional delegation. It has been an ex-traordinary privilege that the people of Oregon have afforded me. Year after year after year, we would come to-gether not because we always agreed on someone’s philosophy or their view on a particular issue but because we felt, in the name of fairness and prin-cipled bipartisanship, we ought to strive to find common ground and make it possible to generally send three nominations to the White House that a President would pick from. The nomination of Ryan Bounds is a total rejection of the idea of principled bipartisanship. I am going to talk a lit-tle bit more about how the selection process works, but I want to begin by making clear that I am troubled by the incendiary, intolerant writings by Mr. Bounds that came to light only after he was nominated. I am, in fact, more troubled by the fact that he concealed those writings from the independent and bipartisan Oregon committee that reviews poten-tial candidates for nomination. In my view, moving forward with this nomi-nation, in the face of those revelations, is going to have regrettable and irre-versible consequences. It not only tramples on Oregon’s bipartisan judi-cial selection process, as I am going to outline—and my colleague from Oregon already has touched on this—it tram-ples on a century-old tradition of what is just collegiality, good relations among Senators, courtesy, allowing home State Senators to review judicial nominations. My view is, this approach cheapens the constitutional responsibility of the Senate to provide or withhold advice and consent on nominees. It has the po-tential to forever lower the basic standards of honesty and decency to which the Senate holds the nominee. It will be a signal that a nominee can conceal information the public has a right to know—histories of prejudice and scorn that the potential nominees could find embarrassing and disquali-fying should that information come to light. It signals that the Republican major-ity believes the end justifies the means in the course of seating judges, a pros-pect that certainly speaks to the larger debate the Senate is going to have on the Supreme Court in the months ahead. I am going to begin by walking through a number of the issues, begin-ning with excerpts from the writings Mr. Bounds failed to disclose to our bi-partisan judicial selection committee. I want to make it clear again that I find much of what was written to be disgusting and baffling, and I am again especially concerned that it was con-cealed from the committee. First is a passage in which Mr. Bounds targeted ethnic minorities and expressed a dripping disdain for multi-cultural values. Mr. Bounds wrote: 
During my years in our Multicultural Gar-den of Eden, I have often marveled at the odd strategies that some of the more strident ra-cial factions of the student body employ in their attempt to ‘‘heighten consciousness,’’ ‘‘build tolerance,’’ ‘‘promote diversity,’’ and otherwise convince us to partake of that fruit which promises to open our eyes to a PC version of the knowledge of good and evil. 
Mr. Bounds said: 
I am mystified because these tactics seem always to contribute more to restricting consciousness, aggravating intolerance, and pigeonholing cultural identities than many a Nazi [talking about book burning.] 
Now, my colleagues who are fol-lowing this, I am the child of Jewish refugees who fled Nazi terror in Ger-many. Not all of our family got out. We lost family at Theresienstadt. One of our very dear family members was gassed at Auschwitz. To compare, as Mr. Bounds did, the work of organizations that promote multiculturalism and tolerance here in the United States to Nazi bookburning rallies is beyond extreme. Our diversity 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JY6.069 S17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5017 July 17, 2018 
is a core strength of America. The Con-stitution protects the right of minority Americans to celebrate their diversity. Mr. Bounds clearly doesn’t see it that way. In an even more sarcastic passage, he wrote: 
The opponent is the white male and his co-terie of meanspirited lackeys: ‘‘oreos,’’ ‘‘twinkies,’’ ‘‘coconuts’’ and the like. He en-joys making money and buying material things just to make sure that people with darker skin don’t have access to them. He enjoys killing children and revels in the deaths of minorities. If you are white male and pro-choice, for instance, it is often as-cribed to your desire for poor black and His-panic women to abort their children as fre-quently as possible. 
These are his words—words that in-vent an absurd sense of victimhood based on a fictional reading of how eth-nic minorities view others. I would just ask my colleagues, how can somebody who wrote and published statements like those—statements that were printed in Stanford’s news-paper for anybody to read—be capable of hearing a case involving matters of race in an impartial fashion? After intoxicated athletes vandalized a gay pride monument at Stanford, Mr. Bounds wrote: 
We hear of sensations of personal violation and outrage and of suspicion that male ath-letes and fraternity members are bigots whose socialization patterns induce this sort of terrorism. Perhaps all of this is true, but the castigation of athletes and frat boys for flagrantly anti-homosexual prejudices is predicated on a motivation for this van-dalism that has not been articulated. 
He continued: 
The vandals might face hate-crime charges, fraternity members—regardless of their individually demonstrated prejudices (or, for that matter, sexual orientation)— face mandatory sensitivity training . . . and sensitivity insinuates itself a little further into the fissures of our community. 
So in that passage, Mr. Bounds some-how managed to make victims out of homophobic vandals and attack the concept of sensitivity. It is a sort of di-vision in American society. It is as if he believed being sensitive to minori-ties who are the targets of hate and prejudice on a daily basis was an un-reasonable prospect. Next I will turn to Mr. Bounds’ views on sexual assault on campus. He wrote: 
There is nothing really inherently wrong with the University failing to punish an al-leged rapist—regardless his guilt—in the ab-sence of adequate certainty; there is nothing that the University can do to objectively en-sure that the rapist does not strike again. 
He continued: 
Expelling students is probably not going to contribute a great deal toward a rape vic-tim’s recovery; there is no moral imperative to risk egregious error in doing so. 
Now, I would be the first to say that a disciplinary proceeding in a univer-sity is not a courtroom. They don’t op-erate under the same legal standards. However, universities that receive Fed-eral dollars do have a legal obligation to protect the young women on their campuses. Once again, this is some-thing that the nominee, Ryan Bounds, seems not to comprehend. So when you take these writings to-gether—the merit of diversity, the ad-vancement of ethnic minorities, the protection of survivors from sexual as-sault—these are issues at the heart of some of the most significant cases that come before Federal judges. Mr. Bounds’ writings reflect that he held shocking views on these matters as a young adult—views that he hid by con-cealing the writings I have touched on. There are plenty of inflammatory ex-amples beyond those I quoted here today that touch on additional topics. I hope Senators and those following this would find my judgment not some-thing you can debate. This is indis-putably appalling stuff. I believe, hav-ing talked to some colleagues, they might want to dismiss the writings be-cause they came when Mr. Bounds was a young man, and one would certainly hope that people mature as they age. I would agree with that if Mr. Bounds had done two things: first, if he had disclosed the writings to our inde-pendent and bipartisan Oregon com-mittee—in other words, been candid with the bipartisan and independent committee like the Oregonians who came before him for close to two dec-ades. I don’t think that is asking too much—to be candid, to be straight-forward, as those other Oregonians who went on to distinguished service on the Federal bench did for almost two dec-ades. In addition to disclosing these writings to the independent and bipar-tisan committee, if he had recanted and apologized for these horrendous re-marks. In my view, he failed to take ei-ther action. When you think about this, nobody would ask Mr. Bounds to recant every utterance, every writing, every belief he held as a young adult. I think we would all widely think that is unrea-sonable. I understand that when there is a Republican in the White House and a Republican in charge of the Judiciary Committee, I am not going to see eye- to-eye with every judicial nominee who comes up for a vote. That is why I have gone to some lengths tonight to men-tion that I have been the senior Demo-crat for essentially two decades. Whether it be Mark Hatfield or Gordon Smith, two very thoughtful Repub-licans, and now our colleague JEFF M
ERKLEY , we have always, always tried to be deferential, tried to find common ground in recognizing what party was in the White House and what party controlled the Senate. I am not asking Mr. Bounds to trans-form himself into Thurgood Marshall. It is completely reasonable to expect an admission that comparing the pro-motion of diversity to Nazi rallies was wrong. I can only imagine what my late par-ents, both of whom fled the Nazis at a very young age—and all they wanted to do was to serve in our military, wear the uniform of the United States. My dad wrote propaganda pamphlets that we dropped on the Nazis. I can only imagine what my parents would say to Mr. Bounds’ idea of comparing diver-sity to Nazi rallies. Dismissing the value of diversity is wrong, and insisting that it is not worth protecting the victims of sexual assault because it is impossible to guarantee safety from rape is wrong. Instead, Mr. Bounds hid these writings rather than recant, take back their content. The comments he has made since they came to light, in my view, suggest that Mr. Bounds sees this as a matter of clumsy word choice and youthful in-discretion. He only acknowledged it after it became a threat to his nomina-tion. I don’t think it was a true apol-ogy. It is as if he believed he could wave the writings off as a messy, iso-lated little episode from the past. In my view—and something I am going to talk about going forward— nominees for the Federal bench must be held to a higher standard. If you are up for a lifetime appointment on a powerful Federal court, you have to be truthful and forthcoming in your nomi-nation process. Ryan Bounds has not, and that ought to be a reasonable judg-ment from what I have outlined thus far. Now I want to touch on the second important issue, and that is the way this nomination has literally trampled on our bipartisan selection process for judicial nominees. As I have said, I am proud that for the better part of two decades, prospec-tive judicial nominees have been iden-tified and vetted by our bipartisan committee made up of Oregonians from across the State and from all over the legal community. As I indicated, it was especially im-portant to me to partner with my Re-publican colleagues to ensure that all sides had a voice in this issue—in fact, even before I came to the Senate be-cause I was the senior Democrat in our delegation then as a Member of the House. I always wanted to hear Sen-ator Hatfield’s views and what he thought was in Oregon’s interest. When there is a vacancy on the bench, our selection committee per-forms a thorough statewide search for candidates. It conducts very rigorous interviews. It provides a list of rec-ommended potential nominees to Or-egon Senators. Senator M ERKLEY and I review these recommendations closely, and we re-spect that not everyone on the list is going to be somebody we would have chosen ourselves. They are not all peo-ple we would agree with 100 percent. After our review, the two of us submit a short list to the President for his consideration. For us, this is the begin-ning of how we put advice and consent into practice. When the Trump administration came to office, Senator M
ERKLEY and I wrote to the White House Counsel to guarantee that he was aware of our longstanding bipartisan selection proc-ess. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JY6.070 S17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5018 July 17, 2018 
As part of the independent com-mittee work, candidates are asked to disclose anything from their past that could have a negative impact on their potential nomination. It ought to be obvious to any lawyer—even to any-body with a casual interest in Amer-ican law and history—that the incen-diary writings, particularly about mi-norities, would qualify as potentially threatening to a nomination. This was the exact point at which Mr. Bounds withheld any and all information about his writings. It is not as if Mr. Bounds simply de-clined to look back far enough into his past when he was interviewed. In fact, Mr. Bounds cited certain activities from his precollege days going back to high school in an effort to paint a pic-ture of diversity and tolerance. So the reality is, he misled the committee by omitting the writings that I have de-scribed tonight. When his writings came to light in February, five of the selection commit-tee’s seven members, including the chair, said they would have changed their decision to include Mr. Bounds among their recommended candidates. I think that is a very important state-ment. It is not widely known that it will al-ways say in the newspaper that the dis-tinguished President of the Senate rec-ommended so-and-so and the President chose his recommendation. We all know that is generally not the case. We forward a list of individuals—usually three—that our bipartisan committee feels would be qualified to serve on the bench. In the case of Mr. Bounds, when his writings—the ones he neglected to tell the committee about—came to light, five of the selection committee’s seven members, including the chairman, said that they would have changed their de-cision to include Mr. Bounds among the recommended candidates. Our local bar association wrote that Mr. Bounds’ writings ‘‘express insensi-tive, intolerant, and disdaining views toward racial and ethnic minorities, campus sexual assault victims, and the LGBTQ community.’’ The association’s statement went on to say that it ‘‘strongly disavows the views expressed in those articles’’—the ones I have read tonight—‘‘as racist, misogynistic, homophobic, and dispar-aging of survivors of sexual assault and abuse.’’ I will repeat that last part: ‘‘racist, misogynistic, homophobic, and disparaging of survivors of sexual as-sault and abuse.’’ Those are not my words. Those are the words of Mr. Bounds’ local bar as-sociation based in Portland. The asso-ciation, in addition, requested that Mr. Bounds resign from the chairmanship of its equity, diversity, and inclusion committee, which he complied with. Other member groups of the Oregon legal community added their voices and urged the leaders of the Judiciary Committee to turn to other potential nominees. The leaders of the Oregon Women Lawyers and the Oregon Asian Pacific American Bar Association wrote the following: 
These were not comments from the Twittersphere or errant social media posts. These were well thought-out, carefully con-structed, published articles in which [Bounds] repeatedly diminished, mocked, and advocated wholeheartedly against the principles of inclusion for which our organi-zations have fought. 
That is really an important point. Mr. Bounds wasn’t sitting down at his laptop, his iPad, pounding out a couple hundred characters. He was thinking carefully; these were published articles that he clearly had spent a lot of time trying to get the words to reflect what was on his mind. And people have rec-ognized it—no 280 characters for those articles. The Oregon Hispanic Bar Association and the LGBT Bar Association of Or-egon wrote the following: 
We believe Mr. Bounds’ failure to disclose these writings—and his conduct related to their disclosure—demonstrates Mr. Bounds does not show the appropriate judgment and discernment to faithfully uphold and apply the laws of the United States of America. 
These are the voices of Oregon’s legal community. The nominations process is supposed to be responsive to those voices. Apparently, none of what I have gotten into tonight has been of any in-terest whatsoever to the chairman of Senate Judiciary Committee, the ma-jority leader, or the White House, be-cause they simply moved forward with the Bounds nomination anyway. Real-ly, there were no substantive discus-sions with them at all. It appears now that the White House simply had no in-terest in respecting the bipartisan, 20- year history of tackling these nomina-tions in a way that reflects principled bipartisanship. Mr. Bounds was their choice from the beginning, and no rev-elation, no red flag—no matter how big—was going to change him. Our independent group of experts— people with bipartisan roots that go back decades—had no interest in delay. But if blowing up a decades-old bipar-tisan tradition is bad, then blowing up a tradition that dates back more than a century is even worse. For 101 years, going back to Chair-man Charles A. Culberson of Texas, the Judiciary Committee has sought input from Senators on judicial nominees from their home States. It is done by returning what are known as blue slips. It is the definition of senatorial collegiality—courtesy, if you will, in an effort to make sure that all felt they were going to be heard. The committee sends blue slips to home State Senators when a nomina-tion comes up. At that point, the home State Senators have a few options. Once they review the nomination, they can return the blue slip with a positive or negative recommendation, and the committee moves forward. Or the home State Senators can withhold the blue slip. Senator M
ERKLEY and I withheld our blue slips. We have not consented to a hearing, a markup, or a debate on the floor. We have done that because Mr. Bounds purposefully misled the inde-pendent Oregon committee that re-viewed his candidacy by concealing the disturbing writings from his young adulthood. In my view, that is exactly the way the blue-slip process is sup-posed to work. History shows that this tradition has benefited both sides. It is a check on the power of the President and a mod-erating, democratic force on the Judi-ciary. It helps to ensure that adminis-trations are not seating flawed nomi-nees or extremist judges whose views are simply far from the mainstream of the lives that they have considerable power to change, if confirmed. In fact, let me quote a letter from the entire Senate Republican con-ference sent to the last President at the very beginning of his term in 2009. What that means is every member of the Senate Republican caucus sent to President Obama, at the beginning of his term in 2009, a letter with one of the very first lines saying: Unfortunately, the judicial appointments process has become needlessly acrimonious. We would very much like to improve this process, and we know you would as well. 
So at a time when that side of the Chamber—everybody over there—was out of power and they had no choice but to appeal to the other party’s good will, they went ahead and struck a bi-partisan chord. Their letter described the ‘‘shared constitutional responsi-bility’’ in the nominations process. They wrote that dating back to the Na-tion’s founding, the Senate has had ‘‘a unique constitutional responsibility to provide or withhold its Advice and Con-sent on nominations.’’ They continued: 
The principle of senatorial consultation (or senatorial courtesy) is rooted in this special responsibility, and its application dates back to the Administration of George Washington. Democrats and Republicans have acknowl-edged the importance of maintaining this principle, which allows individual Senators to provide valuable insights into their con-stituents’ qualifications for federal service. 
Here is the heart of the letter that came from that side of this body: 
We hope your administration will consult with us as it considers possible nominations to the federal courts from our states. Regret-fully, if we are not consulted on, and approve of, a nominee from our states, the Repub-lican Conference will be unable to support moving forward on that nominee. 
So there you have the heart of the fury that we represent tonight. When a new Democratic administration came into office, my Republican colleagues sprang into action to defend the blue- slip process. That letter was sent on March 2, 2009, to President Obama, and our colleague Senator L
EAHY was then the chairman of the Judiciary Com-mittee. The letter clearly indicates that Leader M
CCONNELL and his Repub-lican colleagues believed that nomina-tions should not go forward without blue slips having been returned. That was when there was a Democrat in the Oval Office. A Democrat held the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JY6.071 S17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5019 July 17, 2018 
gavel in the Judiciary Committee. They had the power to tell the Repub-licans in the minority to get lost; take a hike. Democrats did no such thing. We upheld the blue-slip tradition on this side of the Chamber, where my good friend Senator M
ERKLEY and I sit. We went along with the unanimous re-quest from that side of the Chamber in honoring blue slips. There were no hearings of judicial nominations when a Democrat held the gavel in the Judiciary Committee, when neither home State Senator had consented. In fact, the Judiciary chair-man, Senator L
EAHY , has emphasized that he went above and beyond what several committee leaders before him had done to respect the rights of the Republican minority. Someone watching in the Gallery or on TV, someone who is hoping to see the Congress pick up again on what I have described as principled bipartisan-ship, probably hoping to hear Repub-licans are operating with the same bi-partisan comity now that they are in power—those people are in for some se-rious disappointment. If the Senate ap-proves the Bounds nomination, it will be the first time in more than a cen-tury that a judge has been confirmed without a blue slip from either home State Senator. The fact that Mr. Bounds wrote the appalling things I have described ought to have at least slowed this nomination down. For him to have hidden the writings is disqualifying. I don’t think the matter can be ignored or wished away. The fact that these writings are em-barrassing and reflect poorly on him in retrospect does not in any way give him a license to conceal them. In my view, my colleagues in the majority ought to look at this issue the same way. The Republican majority, working hand in hand with the Trump adminis-tration, is now on the verge of break-ing a century of bipartisan tradition to seat a nominee with very serious red flags. In fact, Chairman G
RASSLEY has now held hearings on four circuit court nominees who didn’t have blue slips from one or both of their home State Senators. Recently, Leader M
CCONNELL  changed his tune on what the blue slip was about. He was quoted as saying that the blue slip ‘‘ought to simply be a notification of how you’re going to vote, not the opportunity to black-ball.’’ I have two reactions to that. Senator M
ERKLEY and I have been called a vari-ety of things over the years, but I don’t believe anybody has ever said that we are interested in blackballing people. We are interested in doing our jobs. We are interested in carrying out our con-stitutional responsibilities, our con-stitutional responsibilities to our con-stituents. Second, blue slips have never been simply an indication of how Senators will vote. Leader M
CCONNELL knows it. The letter he and his colleagues sent in 2009 is proof. To invent this new inter-pretation of how the process should work demonstrates, as I have indi-cated, that the Republican majority has changed the rules of the game. My colleagues on the other side ought to be aware of this new responsi-bility because of how the administra-tion, the majority leader, and the Judi-ciary Committee have handled the Bounds nomination. This, colleagues, is going to be the end of the blue-slip process. This is lights-out for a process that ensured fairness for each Senator. I would wager that when the next Democratic administration comes in and the Democrats hold the gavel in the Senate, a Republican letter that demands a say in judicial nominations will find it hard not to be treated like a takeout menu that is shoved unsolic-ited under the doorway—straight to the dustbin. I have outlined the letter my Repub-lican colleagues sent to President Obama in 2009. It talked about a shared constitutional responsibility, but the administration seems to define ‘‘advise and consent’’ as Senators rubberstamp-ing whatever nominations are sent their way. This is a historic moment and, I think, a sad one. As I indicated, it is part of a larger context—part of a pattern of the majority violating norms, misleading the public, and bending rules to their absolute limits in order to reshape the judiciary and seat judges who are far from the main-stream. Justice Scalia passed away unexpect-edly with 237 days left in President Obama’s second term. During the proc-ess of deciding on a nominee to fill the open seat, President Obama did some-thing he didn’t have to do—something that upset many progressive Demo-crats. He specifically chose a moderate nominee as a show of good faith. After all, in 2010, when another seat opened up, my friend who chairs the Finance Committee called Justice Garland a fine man, a consensus nominee. What a difference a few years makes. Judge Garland didn’t even get a hear-ing in 2016. The Republican majority in the Senate ran out the clock on his nomination. Now that Republicans control the White House and the Sen-ate, they changed the rules in the Sen-ate so they could confirm Supreme Court Justices without needing a sin-gle Democratic vote—a clear double standard. The Trump administration has outsourced the selection of judicial nominees to a right-wing group called the Federalist Society, which is funded by powerful corporate interests and in-dividuals with deep pockets. They are answerable to no one but their well- monied backers, certainly not the pub-lic at large. Ryan Bounds is a Federalist Society hand-picked nominee. So was Neil Gorsuch, who now sits in the Supreme Court seat that Leader MCCONNELL and Chairman G
RASSLEY held open for months and months. So is Brett Kavanaugh, whose nomination the Sen-ate will debate at great length in the months to come. These are nominees who adhere to a backward-looking, corporatist, right-wing judicial philosophy that is pack-aged in the branding of so-called ‘‘originalism.’’ The guiding principle of originalism is ostensibly that our rights as a people are contained within our founding doc-ument, but in practice, originalism provides cover for rightwing jurists to empower corporations over down-trodden workers and the wealthy over the vulnerable. It is a political agenda masquerading as a judicial philosophy. For example, you would find it im-possible to locate in the Constitution where it says that unscrupulous healthcare providers can lie to preg-nant women about the services they do and do not provide, but a right-leaning Supreme Court just said they are al-lowed to deceive women in that way. Originalist judges regularly trample on the Fourth Amendment, giving the government the power to peer deep into the lives of citizens. And in an example that is particu-larly relevant to my home State, which has had a ‘‘death with dignity’’ law on the books for decades, originalist ju-rists, including Justice Gorsuch and Judge Kavanaugh, deny that Ameri-cans suffering with terrible illness have a right to make their own decisions about their own lives and bodies with-out interference from the State. Twice, Oregonians have passed ballot measures approving death with dig-nity. Oregon’s Death with Dignity Act has been in place for two decades, and it was upheld by the Supreme Court in Gonzalez v. Oregon. And as I have said on this floor in previous debates, there is nothing in the Constitution that gives the State the power to deny suffering Oregonians the right to make basic choices about the end of their lives. Justice Gorsuch and Judge Kavanaugh disagree. They would put the State between patients and their doctors, and their view that our rights are only those enumerated in the Con-stitution conveniently ignores key precedent and the text of the Ninth Amendment, which says: The enumeration in the Constitution, of certain rights, shall not be construed to deny or disparage others retained by the people. 
. . . shall not be construed to deny or disparage others retained by the peo-ple. So there is a clear implication writ-ten into our founding documents that there are rights held by the people that are not overtly laid out in the text of the Constitution. Furthermore, the originalist view-point ignores what Justice Douglas re-ferred to in Griswold v. Connecticut as the ‘‘zone of privacy created by several fundamental constitutional guaran-tees.’’ It was that zone of privacy that formed the basis of his opinion that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JY6.072 S17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5020 July 17, 2018 
guaranteed the right of married cou-ples to use contraceptives. That right was later extended to unmarried indi-viduals. A similar legal theory guaranteed the right of all American women to make their own choices about their re-productive health. And it is that case, Roe v. Wade, that is now in the crosshairs of the right wing as the Kavanaugh nomination moves forward. Colleagues, Roe is settled law—it has been that way for 45 years—but it is the right-wing agenda, wrapped in the cloak of originalism, that seeks to overturn it. Overturning Roe would turn the clock back to the dark days when wom-en’s healthcare choices were made by the State—nevermind the flimsy legal argument for it. That prospect is over-whelmingly opposed by the American people. The imagery of back alley abor-tions and risky procedures performed in secret is well understood, in part be-cause those horrors are not all that far back in our history as a Nation. And the fact is, the women who have the most to lose if Roe is overturned are the vulnerable and the poor. It is the women who will lose access to the doctors of their choosing in small town clinics. It is the women who cannot af-ford to a fly to another State where the reproductive healthcare services they need are legal, safe, and available. It is another step that cleaves our laws and our healthcare system in two, going back to another era when healthcare in America worked only for the healthy and the wealthy. These questions are all part of the broader context I felt the need to ad-dress here today as the Senate debates the Bounds nomination. As somebody who has done my best to operate in a bipartisan manner throughout my career, it saddens me to see the majority party change the rules of the road in this way pushing through nominees that are far outside the mainstream, destroying bipartisan tra-ditions that have stood for decades, even more than a century, reshaping the judiciary at the behest of extrem-ist, right-wing outside groups that put the interests of the wealthy and power-ful over the vulnerable. These actions by the majority collec-tively pull bricks from the democratic foundations of our government. They will bring to the judiciary same vitri-olic discourse that Americans find so disgusting in the Congress. They un-dermine the public trust. In the long run, it will be an open question whether the current structure of the courts will survive. As for today, I want my colleagues to understand what is at stake as the Sen-ate prepares to vote on the Bounds nomination. This nominee concealed disturbing, intolerant writings from his past, misleading the bipartisan committee that reviewed his can-didacy. The White House and Republican leaders here in the Senate have appar-ently decided that does not matter, and now, a century-old bipartisan tradition that protects our power as Senators and acts as a moderating force on the courts is on the ropes. In my view, this will forever change how judicial nomi-nations are handled. It will further di-vide the Congress, and it will further divide the courts along partisan lines. And this will only be a preview of the tense debate on the judiciary that is sure to come in the months ahead. I will close with one last point. There are values on the line now that are important to the people of my State and to Americans, particularly the right of all American women to make their own choices about their re-productive health and their healthcare. The Roe case is settled law, and it has been that way for 45 years, but now there is really a prospect of its being turned back. The poor and the vulner-able have the most to lose. These are all issues that are part of the broader context I wanted to address here to-night. I am not sure if Senator M
ERKLEY was here at the particular moment. I see my colleagues who have been very patient because my time has ex-pired. We had a bipartisan selection com-mittee for judges in our State, with the late Mark Hatfield and Gordon Smith, who was Senator M
ERKLEY ’s prede-cessor—Democrats, Republicans—all of whom said we don’t want to bring the same vitriolic discourse to judicial se-lection that constitutes so much of the public debate today. What we sought to do in the Oregon congressional delegation—Senator M
ERKLEY , Senator Hatfield, Gordon Smith—was to buttress the public trust. What we are seeing now in Or-egon and with the judges who are being given, in my view, such short shrift— such unfair treatment—raises the ques-tion of whether the current structure of America’s courts can survive. That is what is at stake in these votes. I think what we are discussing to-night is going to only be a preview of the tense debate on the judiciary that is sure to come. I think we are capable of better. Oregon has shown it for two full decades as it relates to judicial se-lection. I urge the Senate to return to that kind of collegial process, exemplified by the blue slip, exemplified by the Or-egon bipartisan selection committee. Until that happens, I will have to urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the Bounds nomination. I thank my colleagues for their pa-tience. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I rise not even, I guess, 24 hours since the news broke across the airwaves about what the President was saying and what he was not saying in Helsinki with Vladi-mir Putin being just a few feet away from him. That was a terrible moment for our country. Yet, in the aftermath of that, folks came together from across the country and from across all kinds of usual lines of division. Democrats and Republicans came together to express both outrage at the insult but also, I think, to ex-press a sense of solidarity about the path forward—that this moment of cri-sis in our national security has to be met with bipartisan consensus. Thank goodness that has prevailed so far. We have a long way to go, but that was a good moment for the country after a very bad moment. I am not here tonight to talk about that, but I want to point to it as an ex-ample of the sides coming together on a big issue. I think there have been other moments this year. At one point, when we passed appropriations legisla-tion, there was a strong investment in national security and national defense but also investments in priorities like education and healthcare and the opioid crisis and childcare and the Na-tional Institutes of Health—on and on. Great investments for our country will help us grow and make us stronger. The farm bill recently passed the Sen-ate. That was overwhelmingly bipar-tisan. So there have been good mo-ments. I am afraid, on the Judiciary, we have had, unfortunately, the opposite. Since I have been in the Senate—and as Senator WYDEN referred to earlier—I have had the privilege of working with colleagues on nominations for the U.S. district court in Pennsylvania—for the Eastern District, the Middle District, and the Western District. It has been a collaborative process. Since 2011, in working with Senator T
OOMEY , even though we are on opposite sides of the aisle, we have confirmed—I think it is—14 judges because we have collabo-rated. There has been give-and-take, and there has been review and scrutiny and then, ultimately, consensus in al-lowing a candidate to go forward. No Federal judge in those years would have gone forward without the signing of the blue slip that has been referred to tonight by both Senators. It happened in the past when there were two Republican Senators, but now, with a split delegation, that tradition continues in our State. It is a good tra-dition. It is the right way to do it. That tradition prevailed until re-cently, when it came to appellate court judges—in my case, in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit, which includes Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Delaware, and the Virgin Islands. Even at the very end of the Obama adminis-tration, my colleague from Pennsyl-vania objected and would not return a blue slip. That nomination for the Third Circuit, at that time, did not go forward. I respected the blue slip that my colleague decided not to sign. The Obama administration respected it, and that nomination didn’t go forward. I didn’t like it, but that is what the agreement was. Now we are into this new world where, just recently, as our two col-leagues from Oregon are talking about 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY6.030 S17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5021 July 17, 2018 
what has happened in the Ninth Cir-cuit, which is in the northwestern cor-ner of our country, and in the Third Circuit, which is where I live and where I work, we had a nomination go for-ward without a blue slip that had been signed by me. My point of view was dis-regarded by both the White House and the Senate Judiciary Committee in contravention of years of tradition— and not tradition for the sake of tradi-tion but of practice because it allows you to arrive at a consensus pick that both parties have to agree on. That is not good for the Senate. It is not good for the judiciary. It is, ulti-mately, not good for the American peo-ple because, if one party has total con-trol, as the Republican Party has now with both Houses of Congress and the administration, you are going to get judges with only one point of view. That leads me to my last point for the night, which will take a few minutes, but I want to make sure this gets on the record. Another piece of bad news, in terms of the judiciary, unlike the other good news about consensus in other areas of our work, is what has happened under this administration with regard to the selection process for the Supreme Court. This has never happened before when, during a campaign, organiza-tions—in this case, only two—come to-gether and present a list of names. That list of names is, in essence, a bar-gain between a candidate and those groups. Then that is carried forward to the administration. Now we have a list of just 25 names—25. The last time we checked, there were about 700 Federal judges in the United States of America. The President could pick any one of those Federal judges. Many of them—I don’t know how many—had been cho-sen by Republican Presidents. Many of them are very conservative or conserv-ative, and some are moderates. Apparently, the only way you get on that list is to be hard right. You have to pass whatever tests are applied by the Heritage Foundation and the Fed-eralist Society. This list has been de-signed to do the bidding of corporate special interests that are determined to handle healthcare in a fashion that none of us would want it handled—by giving the power back to insurance companies to make decisions on healthcare. It is a corporate agenda that crushes unions or seeks to crush unions. It represents working men and women and promotes policies that, in my judgment, will leave the middle class further behind. So any judge on this list, which I would argue is a cor-rupt bargain between the advocate and those groups and now the President and those groups, is fruit of a corrupt process. Just by way of example, the Heritage Foundation is an extreme rightwing or-ganization. That organization just re-leased a new proposal to end protec-tions for people with preexisting condi-tions, to gut Medicaid for seniors, peo-ple with disabilities, and children. They recently hosted a press con-ference for Republican attorneys gen-eral who are trying to eliminate those protections through the courts. Just in one State, Pennsylvania, more than 5.3 million people have preexisting condi-tions. That is almost half the popu-lation of Pennsylvania. Those 5.3 mil-lion people include over 643,000 children who have preexisting conditions. The Heritage Foundation wants to take us back to those dark days in which you could be denied treatment or coverage because of your having a preexisting condition. I don’t know many Pennsylvanians who want to go back to those days, to turn back the clock in that fashion. The Heritage Foundation also called labor unions cartels. Labor unions, of course, helped to build the greatest middle class ever known to man. In my State, from the formation of the first permanent Pennsylvania local labor union in Philadelphia in 1792 to the Lattimer massacre in Northeastern Pennsylvania, which is one county away from me, to the Homestead strike in Western Pennsylvania—in all of those struggles, Pennsylvania’s work-ers have led the way to ensuring that working people have basic rights, good wages, and of course benefits like healthcare. Yet you have organizations in the United States of America that want to rip away protections that peo-ple recently gained when it comes to healthcare. The last thing—the very last thing— working men and women in Pennsyl-vania need is another corporate judge on an increasingly corporate court. Here is some evidence for that asser-tion. A review by the Constitutional Accountability Center shows the con-sequences of the Court’s corporate tilt, finding that the U.S. Chamber of Com-merce has had a success rate of 70 per-cent in cases before the Roberts Court since 2006, a significant increase over previous Courts that were thought to be conservative, I guess. In the most recent term, the Court sided with corporate interests in 9 out of 10 cases in which the U.S. Chamber of Commerce advocated for a position. I was elected by the people of Penn-sylvania to represent all Pennsylva-nians and to advance policies, espe-cially when it comes to making deci-sions about judges and Justices in a fashion that would give meaning and integrity to what is inscribed on the Supreme Court: ‘‘Equal Justice Under Law.’’ I was not sent here to genuflect to the hard right or to any organization. In this case, I certainly was not sent here to genuflect to the hard right with regard to groups funded by corporate America. President Lincoln said it best about what he hoped our Nation would be. He called on our Nation to work to ensure ‘‘that government of the people, by the people, for the people, shall not perish from the earth.’’ It seems that some in Washington today—and I have to say, the adminis-tration with them, with this nomina-tion to the Supreme Court, most re-cently announced—are determined to pack the Court with a government of, by, and for extreme right, corporate special interests. So I oppose the Presi-dent’s nomination because it is a cor-rupt bargain, as I said before, with the far right, big corporations, and what can only be called Washington special interests. On a night like tonight, when we are talking about major matters of jus-tice—how our courts will function, whether they will be balanced, whether there will be mainstream judges and Justices—I hope we will go back to that model that still prevails in some States—I would say in most States— when it comes to district court judges: collaboration between and among Democrats and Republicans. It is now being jettisoned at the appellate court level, certainly in the Third Circuit and now apparently in the Ninth Cir-cuit and several others. Of course, on the Supreme Court, there is no con-sultation. There is consultation with two groups; that is it—and maybe some others who get to be in the room. But if you are a conservative judge in America today, appointed by a Repub-lican, you need not apply to become a Supreme Court Justice. You have to be hard right enough to be on that list of 25. You could be one of those hundreds of conservative judges, but you are not going to get on the list of 25 because you haven’t demonstrated that you are hard right enough. I think it pains all of us that we are at this point. There were days, not too long ago, when Presidents consulted with both parties before—before—a Su-preme Court nomination. We know that. That is on the record, as clear as day. But now we have this list, and only the list for the Supreme Court. Now we have blue slips that are being thrown out the window or not honored when it comes to the appellate courts. I hope that this kind of cancer doesn’t go all the way to the Federal district courts. I think all of us wish we were in a different place, and I hope we can re-turn to those traditions that lead to consensus and, I think, lead to bipar-tisan collaboration and, ultimately, better fulfillment of that goal and that value of equal justice under law. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Minnesota. Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I rise today to join many of my col-leagues who have come to the floor to speak about our country’s third branch of government; that is, our courts. Senators have a solemn obligation to advise and consent on the President’s nominees to our Federal courts. As a member of the Judiciary Committee, I take that obligation very seriously. As Senator M
ERKLEY —who is heading up this evening’s speeches and has brought a number of people together— knows, it is not just an obligation of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JY6.076 S17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5022 July 17, 2018 
members of the Judiciary Committee; it is also an obligation of Senators, when they look at the judges who are coming out of their particular States, to make sure that this is a person— whoever the nominee is—who rep-resents our country as an independent voice and someone who respects prece-dent as a member of the Federal bench, whether it is on the Supreme Court level or whether it is on the circuit or Federal district court levels. In the U.S. Senate, we are here to do the people’s business and not the Presi-dent’s business. This is an important job, particularly when it comes to nominees to our Nation’s highest Court. The next member of the Su-preme Court will make decisions that will affect the lives of people across the country for generations. In the last decades, the Supreme Court has decided whom you can marry, where you can go to school, and—for people like my grandpa, who was a miner and who worked 1,500 feet underground his whole life—how safe your workplace is. Those are decisions that affect people and their lives. The next Justice of the Supreme Court will make decisions that will af-fect the lives of people across the coun-try, determining whether health insur-ers can deny coverage to people who are sick or have a preexisting condition or whether women’s rights are pro-tected. These are all cases that will be coming to the highest Court of the land. It is for this reason that it is crit-ical that here in the Senate, we do our jobs and thoroughly examine Judge Kavanaugh’s record. This is part of our jobs in evaluating Supreme Court nominees, regardless of which party controls the White House. In fact, when Justice Elena Kagan’s nomination was considered, because she had worked for an administration, approximately 171,000 pages of docu-ments were made available. Given Judge Kavanaugh’s years of service on the DC Circuit, as well as his previous work in the Bush administra-tion, we will need to do due diligence in reviewing the record. That is part of our job. For a lifetime appointment to our Nation’s highest Court, the American people deserve no less. This is espe-cially important because, for me, many of Judge Kavanaugh’s past rulings are very troubling. One area that I am concerned about is, of course, related to Judge Kavanaugh’s record on consumer issues. I have done a lot of work in this area, and, of course, I am concerned about the Executive power issue. I would say that is a paramount concern, as well as some of his other decisions regarding healthcare and women’s healthcare, but I want to discuss the consumer issues because I don’t think they get a lot of attention, and they should. They matter to people in their everyday lives. In his current job, Judge Kavanaugh ruled that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, which protects con-sumers when it comes to everything from credit cards, loans, and mort-gages, was unconstitutional. He also went out of his way to dissent against net neutrality. Judge Kavanaugh also wrote a dis-sent that would have limited a wom-an’s access to contraception, and he ruled against allowing a woman the right to control her own reproductive health in a decision that was later re-versed by the full DC Circuit. We also know that Judge Kavanaugh has criticized the case called Chevron, which ensures that health and safety rules stay on the books. It is about how you consider agency decisions and the experts in the agencies. As I noted in Justice Gorsuch’s hearing, overturning Chevron would have titanic, real-world implications, jeopardizing rules that protect health and public safety, re-quirements against lead-based paint, and clean water protections for our Great Lakes. Finally, as I noted at the beginning— I will sort of end with my discussion of his rulings as I began—there are con-cerning implications to Judge Kavanaugh’s writings, which support an expansive view of Executive power. It is an important moment, this mo-ment in our country’s history. We just saw the President of the United States stand next to Vladimir Putin and not publicly raise any of the issues that I thought should be raised, and we have Members of both parties gravely criti-cizing those decisions. What I can say to the people of our State is, no matter what happens in the White House, our Founding Fathers set up a system of checks and balances. There is a check because of the courts, which can make decisions when they interpret our Constitution. There is also a check because of the House of Representatives and the U.S. Senate. What does Judge Kavanaugh say about this? When they are in school, kids are told—and I know I was told this—that no one is above the law. But decisions he has made and his writings would not lead you to that same con-clusion, that simple lesson that we were taught. When you look at the article he wrote for the University of Minnesota Law Review, as well as one in the Georgetown Law Journal, he has an in-credibly expansive view of Executive power. He has said that we shouldn’t even have a special counsel process, when in fact Members of the Senate, including those on the Judiciary Com-mittee, Democrats and Republicans, have gone the other way and said: Yes, we want the check of a special counsel investigation when it is necessary—as it has been found to be in this case by the Trump Justice Department—but we want to make sure that the special counsel is protected. That is what the Judiciary Committee said. We passed a bill out of the committee that strengthened that law and made it harder for someone to fire the special counsel. Yet in his writings, Judge Kavanaugh said that the President should be able to fire the special coun-sel. He also said that the President should be able to deem whether or not a law is constitutional. These are cer-tainly questions I will be asking about in the Judiciary Committee, and I think we have a right to do that. Yes, we can ask about a case that is before the Court, but before I came to the Senate, I had seen numerous nomi-nees, including Supreme Court nomi-nees, answer questions about cases such as Brown v. Board of Education and Griswold v. Connecticut. Justice Alito answered a question about that case. A number of the nominees on the Su-preme Court today have answered ques-tions about settled precedent, and I be-lieve we should be able to ask Judge Kavanaugh those questions and receive answers, especially for cases that are 45 years old. People can have certain views on issues. Everyone does; judges do. But they have an obligation to follow the Constitution, to follow the law, and to respect precedent, and that is going to be our job so that the American people can understand where this nominee is coming from. First, we will review all of those doc-uments I talked about that are sure to come our way, and then, secondly, we will ask the questions the American people expect us to ask and get the an-swers they deserve to have. I would also like to briefly address one of the two circuit court nominees before the Senate this week, because even as we review the President’s Su-preme Court nominee, we cannot lose sight of the importance of our lower Federal courts. The overwhelming ma-jority of cases are decided by these lower courts. That is why it is impera-tive to have judges who are fair and committed to equal justice under the law for all Americans. One Senate tradition that has been key to the appointment of good judges has been the blue slip. The blue slip is a check and balance that has promoted cooperation and better decision mak-ing about judges across party lines. It is for that reason that I am deeply con-cerned that the Ninth Circuit nominee now on the Senate floor will be receiv-ing a vote, despite not having a blue slip from either home State Senator. Prior to his nomination, no judge has ever been voted out of the Judiciary Committee—since I have been there— without a blue slip from either home State Senator. Since the tradition has been in existence, we have said that there should be a blue slip. There is no blue slip in this case. If Mr. Bounds is confirmed, he will be the first judge in history to be appointed to the Federal bench without a blue slip from either Senator from his home State. This is all the more concerning, as noted by Senator M
ERKLEY and Sen-ator W
YDEN , because they have tried to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JY6.078 S17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5023 July 17, 2018 
work with the White House in a bipar-tisan manner to find a qualified nomi-nee to fill this vacancy. They convened a bipartisan committee of Oregon law-yers to review applications and make recommendations. This committee in-cluded attorneys chosen by those two Senators, as well as by Republican Congressman G
REGWALDEN . This is how judicial vacancies in Or-egon have been filled for the past two decades, including the time when former Republican Senator Gordon Smith was in office. So it is extremely unfortunate that my colleagues have disregarded this process. I respect them very much. I think they should have had a say. I think they should have been consulted, and I think we should follow the blue- slip process. Thank you very much, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I rise alongside my colleagues tonight to speak on two incredibly controversial circuit judge nominees that the Senate considers this week. The first, Ryan Bounds, of the Ninth Circuit, has not received the approval of either home State Senator. The ma-jority is unfortunately moving forward with his nomination anyway, breaking a tradition that goes back 100 years—a bipartisan tradition, a moderating tra-dition, a tradition we need. This is merely the latest example of the majority’s sustained effort to toss aside the rules and the customs that have guided the judicial nomination process for 100 years. In May, Michael Brennan became the first circuit court nominee to be confirmed over the blue- slip objection of a home-State Senator. If Judge Brennan’s confirmation wasn’t proof enough, the majority, by moving to vote on Bounds over the ob-jections of both Oregon Senators, is signaling loud and clear that future Presidents need not work with Sen-ators to ensure the selection of con-sensus nominees to fill these lifetime appointments. For the past 20 years, including dur-ing the Bush administration, the Or-egon Senators have convened a bipar-tisan judicial panel to interview can-didates. Although Bounds was one of the candidates approved by the com-mittee, it was later discovered that Bounds misled the committee about a number of highly controversial articles he wrote while in college. The majority unfortunately is moving forward on his nomination anyway. Five of the seven members of the committee—a bipartisan committee— including the chair, said they would not have recommended Bounds if they knew of his writings at the time they interviewed him. The majority is un-fortunately moving forward with his nomination anyway. In light of these inflammatory writings—and they were truly inflam-matory and nasty, unbecoming of someone being a town circuit judge, let alone a court of appeals judge—and the bipartisan committee’s assertion that they should be disqualifying, Senator MERKLEY and Senator W YDEN , cor-rectly and wisely, refused to support his nomination, but the majority is moving forward on his nomination any-way. I might say about Bounds that he is not a judge. He doesn’t have much of a history. He practiced in a private law firm. It seems he is a member of the Federalist Society—hard right. That is his only real qualification. Is he a thoughtful jurist? Obviously not. Is he a moderate jurist, neither far right nor far left? Obviously not. This is what we are doing on the bench these days. The hard right, the Federalist Society, which is probably in the 10 percent fur-thest to the right in America, chooses the judges, and nobody objects on the Republican side. Now, another nominee, Mr. Andrew Oldham, for the Fifth Circuit, is even more disturbing for a lifetime appoint-ment on the Federal bench. Mr. Oldham’s career leaves no doubt that, if confirmed, he would be the living embodiment of a judicial ideologue. This is a hard-right warrior. He helped to defend a Texas law that would make it virtually impossible for women in rural areas to exercise their constitu-tionally guaranteed freedom to make decisions about their reproductive health. It was a law designed to tell rural women that they couldn’t have freedom of choice. It was an absurd law, struck down by the Supreme Court in 2016. This is the kind of man we are putting on the bench. As the Texas solicitor general, he de-fended the State’s extremely restric-tive photo ID laws, which a Federal court of appeals ruled created an un-constitutional burden on the right to vote, had an impermissible discrimina-tory effect against Hispanics and Afri-can Americans, and was imposed with an unconstitutional discriminatory purpose. The purpose that this nominee had in this law was to prevent people of color and poor people from voting. There was very little evidence of any fraud. This is the kind of person we are adding to the bench? Mr. Oldham helped to lead the charge on litigation challenging the constitu-tionality of our healthcare law—a law that most Americans support. He lost at the Supreme Court, once again. Now the Republicans want to give him a promotion, putting him in a position to rule on future cases concerning the law. Here is what Mr. Oldham said about the EPA: It is ‘‘illegitimate.’’ He re-peatedly helped Texas to join Okla-homa—and then-Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt—to sue the EPA. Let me repeat that. Oldham considers the EPA illegitimate. The rightwing media has gone crazy about ‘‘Abolish ICE.’’ Meanwhile, the Senate Repub-lican majority is about to vote to give a lifetime appointment to a man who wants to abolish the EPA. ‘‘Abolish the EPA’’ is a position I think none—none—of my Republican friends would dare support in public, would dare vote for—get rid completely of the Clean Water Act, the Clean Air Act? But they are happy to vote for a judge who believes in it and might help do it for them. Mr. Oldham is so far out of the polit-ical mainstream that he doesn’t rep-resent the average Republican, let alone the average American. I hope his nomination will be objected to. The truth is that Bounds and Oldham are part of a decades-long campaign by the hard right to install conservative ideologues on the Federal bench. They started it. Bork did not start this. It started when George W. Bush became President and his deal with the hard right was this: I will put these new nominees on the bench who are ideologues. They don’t want to inter-pret law; they want to make law. That is what the Republicans have been doing. When Clinton was President and when Obama was President, most of the judges they chose were moderate to liberal. They were not extreme. But the hard right has such a grip on the Republican Party these days—the Fed-eralist Society, the Heritage Founda-tion, way out of the mainstream. Most Americans don’t believe in re-pealing Roe v. Wade. It is the mission of the Federalist Society. Most Ameri-cans don’t believe the government should get out of healthcare alto-gether—Medicare, Medicaid, ACA. It is the goal of the Heritage Foundation. But they put these judges forward. President Trump has gone along with their lists and their nominees. Unfortu-nately, we don’t hear a peep out of our Republican colleagues as the hard right hijacks the judicial bench in America. The goal of this campaign is to achieve by judicial fiat what Repub-licans have been unable to accomplish through legislation. This hard-right agenda—extremely pro-corporate, ex-tremely anti-consumer, anti-environ-ment, anti-gun safety—must be pur-sued through the courts because the hard right—the Koch brothers and all of these hard-right groups—realize that they never get things through even a body like the Senate, where they have a majority of the Republicans, or the House. They want the one nonelected branch to turn the clock back decades, if not centuries. It will hurt America. It will fractionalize America. The mid-dle class will be worse off. But the hard-right knows that these types of nominations don’t get much focus. An apotheosis of this is the nomina-tion of Brett Kavanaugh to the Su-preme Court as well. Kavanaugh was groomed as a partisan lawyer in the Clinton and Bush eras. He was added to a list of 25 judges vetted and approved by these two groups—the Heritage Foundation, dedicated to getting rid of Medicaid, getting rid of Medicare, get-ting the government out of healthcare altogether and letting people struggle, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JY6.079 S17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5024 July 17, 2018 
letting those parents who have kids with illnesses never get insurance; and the Federalist Society, dedicated by its leader, by its own admission, to repeal-ing Roe v. Wade. An analysis of the ju-dicial philosophy of Kavanaugh by Pro-fessor Lee Epstein found that Judge Kavanaugh would be the second most conservative Justice on the bench, even to the right of Justice Gorsuch and second only to Justice Thomas, one of the most extremely conservative judges who has ever been on the bench. That political and judicial history is key to understanding how Kavanaugh would rule as a member of the Supreme Court. On issues like healthcare and re-productive rights, on which the Presi-dent has been crystal-clear about pick-ing judges who are anti-Roe and hostile to healthcare, Judge Kavanaugh will have an enormous and unfortunate im-pact, if confirmed. After what the President has said, after knowing what the Federalist Society and the Herit-age Foundation stand for, does anyone think Judge Kavanaugh would have been nominated by those parties if they weren’t sure he would repeal or dramatically limit the ACA or Roe v. Wade? Judge Kavanaugh, like Mr. Oldham and like Mr. Bounds, is outside of the political mainstream—dramatically outside—even outside of the Repub-lican mainstream. It is part and parcel of the hard-right campaign that Repub-licans bow down and go along with to install conservative ideologues on the bench. So I would say to my fellow Ameri-cans: No matter what your political persuasion—Democrat, Republican, Independent—everyone should want a more representative process for choos-ing judges and Supreme Court Justices in the Senate. Instead, humming in the background of the Senate’s more news-worthy business, the Republican ma-jority has confirmed a conveyor belt of nakedly partisan, ideological judges to the bench. Senators from both parties, in an America that wants moderation, should lock arms and put a stop to it. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I so appreciate my colleagues from Min-nesota and New York coming to the floor to share their insights on this challenge that we are in, where a 101- year-old convention is about to be smashed to smithereens by the major-ity in a determination to pack the courts and corrupt the constitutional application of law and in a determina-tion to have judges who are not at all interested in the way the people envi-sion our Nation. They are not at all in-terested in the rights of workers. Rath-er, they twist each provision to enable the powerful in our country to repress the workers of our country, to enable the interests of our country that sim-ply want to roll on, on a commercial plane, to take away the ability of con-sumers to get a fair shake. They want to take away the ability of individuals to have fair access to healthcare. They want to take away one right after an-other after another on behalf of the wealthy and the well-connected. This corruption—this legislating from the bench that is occurring from the far right—absolutely flies in the face of the fundamental nature of our Con-stitution. But here it is. Not only is it their quest to put the powerful in the catbird seat to rule over everyone else in this country, to undermine the funda-mental strategy of the distribution and equal voice principle that Jefferson so forcefully articulated, but they are even willing to run roughshod over their own rights in the future, because each and every person who votes for a judge who has no blue slip—not one, not a single blue slip—is saying that in the future they are giving up the abil-ity to be consulted when it is an indi-vidual who has been assigned to their State for the circuit court. That is how intense they are at this moment of dancing to the tune played by the Koch brothers and the Federalist Society. It is really one of the saddest things we have seen in a series of abuses of the process here in the U.S. Senate. This nomination ends a tradition that has served our country well for over a century. It is a tradition that— just a brief span of time ago, my col-leagues across the aisle were pleading with the Democratic majority to re-spect their rights. But not now. Not now. This is one of those cases where, in the transition from minority to ma-jority, views have been flipped 180 de-grees—a tradition since 1917, when Sen-ator Thomas Hardwick objected to President Wilson’s district court nomi-nee, writing his objection on a blue slip of paper. That is where the phrase comes from. Not since then has any judge for the circuit court or district court ever been confirmed without a blue slip. In 2009, my Republican colleagues wrote a letter. All signed on to it. They wrote: We expect the blue-slip tradi-tion to be observed evenhandedly and regardless of party affiliation. I ask you, which Member across the aisle has the consistency to stand up and honor the very principle they asked to be honored when then in the minority? Who? We are waiting. We are waiting for just one to come to the floor and be consistent in honoring the principle they begged the Democrats to honor when we were in charge. To be sure, when the tide turns and they again say suddenly that they love this tradition, and won’t the Demo-crats once again honor the tradition they begged us to honor in 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, and 2014? They begged us to honor it. They are going to be back asking again. But you cannot ex-pect that after smashing this tradition, you can ask to have it back. So when it comes your turn, if you don’t have any integrity today to honor the principle you begged for yesterday, don’t let us hear you begging for it in the future. What did people have to say in the past? The former chair of the Judiciary Committee at the time, in 2014, said: ‘‘Weakening or eliminating the blue slip process would sweep aside the last remaining check on the President’s ju-dicial appointment power.’’ That is what the Republican chair said when President Obama was in office. He said: ‘‘Anyone serious about the Senate’s constitutional ‘advice and consent’ role knows how disastrous such a move would be.’’ Why isn’t one of my col-leagues today coming down to say how disastrous it would be? Our majority leader said just re-cently that Republicans will now treat a blue slip as simply notification of how you are going to vote. Is that the way each and every one of you wants it to be from this floor, that while you have had the privilege in the past of weighing in on an individual assigned to your State, no more will you be treated differently from any other Sen-ator because you are just being given a chance to indicate how you are going to vote? That is what the majority leader says we are going to reduce your Senate prerogative to, which means it is gone, it is no different from any other Member here. There was a whole logic behind this blue-slip process, a logic that each cir-cuit should have input from Senators whose States were represented on those circuit courts and that when the indi-vidual came from those respective States, it made sense to get the insight of the Senators from that State, not have decisions about your particular circuit court made by somebody from across the Nation. But that is where we are headed to now. This nomination was tainted from the start because the President didn’t consult with our senior Senator from Oregon, Mr. W
YDEN , or with the junior Senator; didn’t call us up; didn’t sit down; didn’t invite us to a meeting; didn’t hold a conversation; didn’t have a dialogue; didn’t consult. So don’t ex-pect any consultation in the future if you vote for this nominee. Then at the end of the year, when the nomination was returned, we told the White House: You have another chance to wait until you get some consulta-tion done, until you talk to us. No. They just forwarded it back again—no consultation. So there it is. When this individual, Ryan Bounds, was interviewed by our committee in Oregon, he was asked to provide any-thing that was potentially controver-sial from his past, and he didn’t. He was asked about his views on diversity and what information he had put out in the past, and he didn’t supply any. So not only are there the controversial viewpoints of the past, there is a lack of integrity in the present. It isn’t as if Senator W
YDEN and I took it lightly. But how can you expect people to get a fair hearing or believe they have any chance of getting a fair hearing with these types of opinions being ex-pressed? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JY6.079 S17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5025 July 17, 2018 
What did he say on diversity? He said that students working to ‘‘promote di-versity . . . contribute more to re-stricting consciousness, aggravating intolerance . . . than many a Nazi bookburning.’’ So if you advocate for diversity, you are compared to being an individual who burns books—not just any individual; a Nazi burning books. That wasn’t his only comment on di-versity. He wrote quite extensively. Another phrase he used is that diver-sity training is a ‘‘pestilence’’ that ‘‘stalks us,’’ as if it is some kind of grim reaper to encourage people to reach out and embrace people who come from a different point of view or a different color or come from a dif-ferent State. That is what he thought, that any training you might have in how to understand your own internal prejudices is a pestilence that stalks us. He didn’t like the fact that the uni-versity was trying to address the issue of men abusing women. He said that there is ‘‘nothing really inherently wrong with the University failing to punish an alleged rapist.’’ That is what you want to vote for? He said more. He really disliked mi-nority groups on campus taking a posi-tion on anything. In his essay ‘‘Labor Unions and the Politics of Aztlan,’’ he said: ‘‘I would hardly suggest that no student group should be able to take up a political matter, if it is of direct rel-evance to its purported mission.’’ So he is not objecting to most groups weigh-ing in on something related to their vi-sion, but, he said, ‘‘I would contend, however, that no student group that is affiliated with an ethnic center or any other department of this university has any business holding political issues central to its mission.’’ So if you are a member of a student group that isn’t an ethnic group, it is wide open—demonstrate, argue, involve yourself, engage. But if you happen to be a member of an ethnic club or group on campus, then no way. You have no business taking a position. How can anyone expect to get a fair hearing with someone with this exten-sive hostility toward ethnic diversity or ethnic groups? That is a pretty seri-ous question to ask yourself in your re-sponsibility of advice and consent, in your responsibility to ensure that there is not just integrity on the court but a perception of integrity, not just fairness on a court but a perception of fairness. How does anyone get a percep-tion of fairness with these writings? Mr. Bounds had the opportunity to inform the committee of these writings, but he chose not to. He kept them hidden away. The head of the Or-egon selection advisory committee wrote the following: ‘‘Mr. Bounds failed to disclose these writings when specifi-cally asked by the committee about his views on equity and diversity.’’ He did get asked about them later when they were discovered. There was a hearing in the Judiciary, and he had a chance to respond in questions for the record. He wrote in response that he regretted the rhetoric in the arti-cles, but he didn’t repudiate the view-point. He regretted, apparently, the particular words he used to express it, but he didn’t say that he repudiated the viewpoint on his commentaries at-tacking diversity, attacking diverse clubs, saying that every other club has a right to participate and engage itself in issues relevant to its mission except the ethnic clubs. He didn’t repudiate that. How do you expect to get a fair hearing before this judge? At his hearing before the Judiciary Committee, in questions for the record, Senator B
LUMENTHAL asked if he re-gretted not turning over the writings to the Oregon screening committee. He replied that it seemed reasonable to him that there wouldn’t be a lot of in-terest in writings that have no bearing on someone’s professional practice. These writings have everything to do with his professional practice, his con-sideration as a judge—a circuit court judge, not a district judge. He is not being nominated for the bottom rung; he is being nominated to the rung next to the Supreme Court. You don’t think it has a bearing that you have written these things? You don’t think it has a bearing that you hid them from the committee? That in itself tells you a great deal. It is why this nomination is opposed by so many groups: the AFL–CIO, the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, the National Women’s Law Center, the Oregon Women Law-yers Association, the Asian Pacific American Bar Association of Oregon, the Oregon Hispanic Bar Association, the LGBT Bar Association of Oregon. Why wouldn’t they oppose when you have an individual who failed the in-tegrity test by hiding the writings, doesn’t repudiate the writings, and has it in for diversity and minority groups? Records are being broken. Two nomi-nees up this week would mean 23 ap-peals judges confirmed. A lot are being confirmed. There are a lot in waiting. Why not bring someone to the floor who doesn’t have these deep flaws? Why not vote down this individual and put up the next one? We have already broken the record for confirmations in the President’s first year, last year. Obama’s 14 circuit court nominees waited an average of 251 days; Trump is half that at 125 days—less than half. We are marching through this. Why not bring someone else to floor? Why not set this one aside? Because it fails the test of being fairminded and fails the test of integrity. Putting this judge forward does something else. It is not just a judge who fails the test on integrity and fairness; it is also the de-struction of your rights, each and every Senator here, to have a say on circuit court nominees in your circuit. Is that really the place you want to go? We have seen judges come before us who have had hearings held without ABA evaluations. We have had two considered who were unanimously rated ‘‘not qualified.’’ We certainly, therefore, have a lot that has changed dramatically. Last year was the first time that a seat had been stolen from one administration and set a year into the future. That is a precedent every-one here should regret—to have failed advice-and-consent responsibilities, which is a failure that no other set of Senators ever failed before. Fifteen times before, there have been open seats during an election year. Fifteen times before, the Senate debated the nominee. Fifteen times before, they voted on the nominee. But not last year. The leadership of this body failed the test of leadership by failing to consider a nominee from the President for the Supreme Court. Is that the precedent you want to live with for the future? Of course, now we have a new nomi-nee for the Supreme Court. Not only does this nominee come from a list se-cretly compiled by the Federalist Soci-ety to make sure that they met the test the President had put forward—op-posing Roe v. Wade, opposing the Af-fordable Care Act that has provided healthcare to another 30 million people across this land, 400,000 in my own State, but also the President chose off that list the one person best suited to write him a get-out-of-jail free card be-cause of the massive, expansive view of Presidential power—a view of Presi-dential power you can find nowhere in the Constitution; a view that is com-pletely at odds with the checks and balances our Forefathers so carefully crafted into that document; a view that says that a President should never be indicted and, even more extraor-dinary, never be investigated. That is a President above the law. That is a President beyond the law. That is something that is not a President. That is a King. That is a tyrant. That is a dictator who answers to no one be-cause he or she is above the law. That is not a President in a constitutional democratic republic where there are checks and balances. Indeed, this nominee has said that if a President deems a law to be unconsti-tutional because it is his or her opin-ion, the President doesn’t need to fol-low the law. Can anyone remind this nominee for the Supreme Court that our system was designed to let the Su-preme Court weigh in on what is and isn’t constitutional, not to have a President dictate that? It is a scary proposition, an unworthy proposition to have that individual considered on the floor of this Senate. In Federalist Paper 76, James Madi-son said that it is the duty of the Sen-ate to prevent the appointment of unfit characters. Each and every Member of this Senate on both sides of the aisle has that responsibility. These are questions you have to ask yourself: Is the person fit when they say the things that Ryan Bounds said? Is a person fit to serve on the bench 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JY6.080 S17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5026 July 17, 2018 
when they say that no student group affiliated with an ethnic center has any business holding political issues cen-tral to its mission right after he writes that other groups should have that power? Is the individual fit who says that promoting diversity contributes more to restricting consciousness and aggra-vating intolerance than a Nazi book burning? Is the person fit who says that train-ing in diversity—training that each and every one of us has to take and our staff members have to take in this body—is a pestilence that stalks us, as if embracing the notion of under-standing one’s own biasses is an evil thing? Is the person fit who said there is nothing wrong with the university fail-ing to punish an alleged rapist? Is the person fit who hid these writings from the selection committee? Is the person fit when the selection committee said that based on these writings, they would vote overwhelm-ingly not to recommend this indi-vidual? Is the person fit when they fail the test of integrity and are asked to produce their views on diversity and hide them? I contend that standard that James Madison laid out for the responsibility of advice and consent—that standard of voting down individuals who are unfit—has rarely had a clear oppor-tunity to be executed and should be ex-ecuted 100 to 0 in turning down this nomination and in preserving the blue- slip tradition. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). Under the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 10 a.m. tomorrow. Thereupon, the Senate, at 10:09 p.m., adjourned until Wednesday, July 18, 2018 at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE  
ADMINISTRATION  
JAMES MORHARD, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE DEPUTY ADMIN-ISTRATOR OF THE NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION, VICE DAVA J. NEWMAN. 
SURFACE TRANSPORTATION BOARD  
MARTIN J. OBERMAN, OF ILLINOIS, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE SURFACE TRANSPORTATION BOARD FOR THE RE-MAINDER OF THE TERM EXPIRING DECEMBER 31, 2018, VICE DANIEL R. ELLIOTT III, RESIGNED. MARTIN J. OBERMAN, OF ILLINOIS, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE SURFACE TRANSPORTATION BOARD FOR A TERM EXPIRING DECEMBER 31, 2023. (REAPPOINTMENT) 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
KEVIN K. SULLIVAN, OF OHIO, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER– COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF NICARAGUA. THE JUDICIARY  
DAMON RAY LEICHTY, OF INDIANA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF INDIANA, VICE ROBERT L. MILLER, JR., RETIRED. JOHN MILTON YOUNGE, OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF PENNSYLVANIA, VICE MARY A. MCLAUGHLIN , RETIRED. 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
NICHOLAS A. TRUTANICH, OF NEVADA, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE DISTRICT OF NEVADA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE DANIEL G. BOGDEN, TERM EXPIRED. G. ZACHARY TERWILLIGER, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF VIRGINIA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE DANA J. BOENTE, RESIGNED. WILLIAM TRAVIS BROWN, JR., OF LOUISIANA, TO BE UNITED STATES MARSHAL FOR THE MIDDLE DISTRICT OF LOUISIANA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE KEVIN CHARLES HARRISON, TERM EXPIRED. NICK EDWARD PROFFITT, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE UNITED STATES MARSHAL FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF VIR-GINIA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE ROBERT WILLIAM MATHIESON, TERM EXPIRED. 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate July 17, 2018: 
FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM  
RANDAL QUARLES, OF COLORADO, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF GOVERNORS OF THE FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM FOR A TERM OF FOURTEEN YEARS FROM FEB-RUARY 1, 2018. 
DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION  
JAMES BLEW, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE ASSISTANT SEC-RETARY FOR PLANNING, EVALUATION, AND POLICY DE-VELOPMENT, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G17JY6.082 S17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1019 July 17, 2018 
HONORING THE INDIAN BUSINESS ASSOCIATION 
HON. RAJA KRISHNAMOORTHI 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 17, 2018 Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the Indian Business Association (IBA) for its outstanding achieve-ments representing Indian-American busi-nesses, and its service as the voice for thou-sands of Indian-Americans across the country. The IBA began as a group of concerned citi-zens in Edison, New Jersey, who found the courage to confront hate crimes and hate speech occurring in their communities. The values of fairness, solidarity and social activ-ism drive its mission and objectives, as the members of the IBA continue their work to build a better America for all its citizens. The IBA has promoted entrepreneurship within the Indian-American community, contrib-uting to the creation of many small businesses and jobs. It has strengthened our democracy by working with elected officials and orga-nizing non-partisan voter registration drives. It has supported our communities by aiding— both financially and through the donated ex-pertise of its members—countless civic and charitable endeavors. The IBA also continues to preserve and in-troduce Indian culture to Americans of all walks of life. Now in its 38th year, the IBA hosts the annual New Jersey India Day Pa-rade, our country’s largest parade honoring In-dia’s independence. Attended by more than 35,000 people and joined by more than 100 organizations, the New Jersey India Day Pa-rade celebrates the rich cultural heritage of its members and their many contributions to our country. Mr. Speaker, I want to recognize the great achievements of the IBA, and acknowledge its tireless efforts to support Indian-American en-trepreneurs and the jobs they create, its con-tributions to our common good, and its work to protect the civil rights of all Americans, regard-less of color or national origin. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 17, 2018 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House chamber for Roll Call votes 329 and 330 on Monday, July 16, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yea’’ on both votes. IN RECOGNITION OF 50 YEARS FOR CONCERN HOTLINE HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 17, 2018 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate and thank Concern Hotline for 50 years of selfless service to the people of the Northern Shenandoah Valley. In 1968, prompt-ed by the stark reality of the highest rate of suicide among Vietnam Veterans on the East Coast, a group of caring community leaders in Winchester and the northern Shenandoah Val-ley, decided to intervene. They formed the first valley suicide and crisis center, where those feeling confused and desperate could call a number at the George Washington Hotel and be patched to a volunteer ready to be of sup-port. Fifty years later, the organization is still doing extraordinary work, sometimes as a bridge-builder for Northwestern Community Services, before patients can make an ap-pointment with a clinician. A trained staff of 35 volunteer ‘‘listeners’’ and two paid employees, are on duty 7 days a week, 24 hours a day, receiving calls on their cell phones and pro-viding objective, confidential and anonymous contact with a fellow resident of the northern valley, anytime a person needs them and for as long as he or she needs them. The positive culture of Concern Hotline does not label any caller a ‘‘chronic caller’’ but welcomes all call-ers, including ‘‘frequent callers.’’ The personal touch is what distinguishes Concern Hotline from many other telephonic support organizations. Their mission is ‘‘to comfort and calm community members experi-encing stress and crisis’’ and they do what no other program in the community does: they simply listen compassionately. For its long his-tory, the Concern Hotline team has kept the following commitment: ‘‘We listen to your trou-bles and stresses, we hear your stories of hardship and pain, and we bear witness to your struggle to lead a happy, healthy life.’’ Mr. Speaker, I have always considered it a great honor to recognize and thank our com-munity heroes such as our law enforcement officers, firefighters and emergency medical technicians for their willingness to help us dur-ing some of the most desperate times of our lives. Similarly, I ask you and our colleagues to join me in recognizing and thanking another group of community heroes, the volunteers and staff of our suicide prevention programs, and most especially the heroes of Concern Hotline, who, as listeners, have been saving lives and giving hope to the residents of the Northern Shenandoah Valley, for the past half century. HONORING JOHN AND BENJEAN RAPP OF SUMMERSVILLE, WEST VIRGINIA HON. EVAN H. JENKINS 
OF WEST VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 17, 2018 Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize John and Benjean Rapp of Summersville, West Virginia. Mr. and Mrs. Rapp are cornerstones in their commu-nity, who have dedicated their lives to bettering our nation and improving West Vir-ginia. John Rapp served our country in the United States Air Force and returned home to the Mountain State to serve as a West Virginia State Trooper for over 20 years. Outside his time in uniform, John also served as a county commissioner for Mercer County from 1990 to 1996. As a county commissioner, he prioritized growing the economy and investing in infrastructure development. Benjean Rapp has been an active member of her church and serves as a leader in mul-tiple civic groups. Benjean played an integral part in working to restore the historic Old Main High School in Summersville. Together, they have made a tremendous team and have had a positive impact on their community and the Mountain State. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 17, 2018 Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, July 16, I missed the following votes due to significant delays with my flight back to Wash-ington. For Roll Call Vote 329, on the motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 4946, To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1075 North Tustin Street in Orange, California, as the Specialist Trevor A. Win’E Post Office, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ For Roll Call Vote 330, on the motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 4960, To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 511 East Walnut Street in Columbia, Missouri, as the Spc. Ster-ling William Wyatt Post Office Building, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
HONORING THE WACO EAGLES MOTORCYCLE CLUB 
HON. BILL FLORES 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 17, 2018 Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Waco Eagles Motorcycle Club 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K17JY8.001 E17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1020 July 17, 2018 
and to congratulate them on obtaining a grant through the Texas Parks and Wildlife Commis-sion Federal Grant Commission. The Waco Eagles Motorcycle Club was formed 1934 and chartered with the American Motorcyclist Association in 1951. They are the second oldest chartered club with the Amer-ican Motorcyclist Association in the United States. In 1948, the Waco Eagles built the Waco Eagles Motocross Dirt Bike Park. The park has since provided countless hours of rec-reational off-road activities to families in Cen-tral Texas. The track provides open access to its club members and also hosts monthly or-ganized races. The park has been more than a place to ride bikes, it has become a place where fami-lies have gathered for generations, bringing their campers and barbeques to enjoy the comradery of fellow dirt bike enthusiasts. The club also gives back to the community, holding fund raisers to help Central Texas families in need. In 2016 the Waco Eagles Motorcycle Club caught the attention of Librado Cobian, a cur-rent resident of Hawaii who is soon to be a Wacoan. He has been involved in dirt-biking and he wanted to find a cause to support in his new hometown. Mr. Cobian met with the president of the club and explained that he found a government grant for trail upgrades and that he could help the club apply to get funding for their park. According to the Waco Eagles, Mr. Cobian was diligent in gathering information for the grant and supporting the application process. On May 24, 2018 the Texas Parks and Wildlife Commission awarded the park $390,560 through the National Recreational Trails Fund to upgrade park through trail ren-ovation, maintenance equipment and handicap accessible facilities. These enhancements will benefit the families of Central Texas and will create a venue that can be enjoyed by future generations. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Mr. Librado Cobian for the work that he did to ob-tain the grant and the rest of the Waco Eagles Motorcycle Club for the work they have done for the Waco community. I urge all Americans to continue praying for our country, for our military men and women who protect us from external threats, and for our first responders who protect us in our communities. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 99TH BIRTH-DAY OF WEBSTER WASHINGTON, SR. 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 17, 2018 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize a good and decent man from the northern Shenandoah Valley, Mr. Webster Washington, on the occasion of his 99th birth-day. Born on April 20, 1919, on a cattle farm in Stone Bridge, in Clarke County, Virginia, Web Washington was the 5th child among 11 siblings. His father was the manager of the farm and his mother was a stay-at-home mom, taking care of Web and his brothers and sisters. Although Mr. Washington does not dwell on it, as an African-American man born on a farm in Clarke County in the early 20th Century, his opportunities were very limited. He did most of his schooling at White Post School, involving a 2 mile walk each way. Because he didn’t have the transportation or money to go on to school in Berryville, as soon as he graduated from White Post in the 7th grade, he started working on the farm, milking cows, cutting corn and doing everything else a farmhand did, even as a young teenager. At 20, he mar-ried Pauline Evans from Winchester and over the next several years they had 5 children. During their 42 years of marriage, he and Pauline faced their struggles together. In pur-suit of gainful employment, the Washingtons moved to Bethesda, Maryland, where they both worked for well-to-do white people as do-mestic servants, including, for him, as a chauf-feur to a successful lawyer. Thereafter, Web worked on a farm in Berryville, before moving to Winchester in 1947. And it was at that time, that the Washing-tons hit the lowest, most difficult period of their lives. They felt the pressure of caring for their five children and yet, as an African-American family, they had difficulty finding work and a place to live. As Mr. Washington put it, the ad-ditional burdens that racial discrimination put on him and his wife meant that ‘‘jobs were scarcer and housing in Winchester was almost impossible to find, even rentals.’’ It was shortly thereafter that they became connected to the John Mann church on Cork Street, and, over the next 70 years, that connection has sus-tained Webster and Pauline and their family in their 42 years of marriage, and after her pass-ing, his second wife, Mattie and him in their marriage of 24 years, until her passing several years ago. Through his faith in God and the support of his John Mann Church family, Webster Wash-ington says ‘‘I’ve been down and out, and the Lord brought me back,’’ finding work as an or-derly at the Winchester Memorial Hospital and later taking care of a doctor’s office, he was able to buy his own house, first at 601 Gray Avenue in Winchester and then a home in Stephens City. Asked whether he had time for sports or a social life, he responded that his priority on providing for his family and serving in every possible position in his church, left lit-tle time for anything else. The highlight of his life was a wonderful 5-day transoceanic cruise that Mattie and he took in the 1980s. Asked what he believes God will say about his life, he humbly says he doesn’t know. ‘‘All I know is that the Lord has been good to me.’’ Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and our col-leagues join me in honoring Webster Wash-ington on his 99th birthday, a good and decent man of faith, who has made a success of his life by humbly dedicating himself to his family and his church. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. GWEN MOORE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 17, 2018 Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, on July 16th, I missed Roll Call votes No. 329 and 330. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on both bills to designate post offices in honor of members of the military. PERSONAL EXPLANATION HON. GEORGE HOLDING 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 17, 2018 Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I am not re-corded for votes on July 16th because I was absent due to a funeral. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 329 and YEA on Roll Call No. 330. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JAMES B. RENACCI 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 17, 2018 Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, due to inclem-ent weather, I was unable to attend this vote series. Had I been present, I would have voted Yea on Roll Call No. 329 and Yea on Roll Call No. 330. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF MR. NATHANIEL REED 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 17, 2018 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of Mr. Nathaniel Reed. Nathaniel was a stellar supporter of na-tional parks, a staunch environmental advo-cate and co-author of the Endangered Species Act. Nathaniel was a powerhouse of Florida politics, but more than that, he was a dear friend and a mentor to me, as well as to countless others. In a long career spent both in and out of government service, Nathaniel played a role in stopping construction of the world’s largest air-port in Big Cypress Swamp, helped establish a national park in Biscayne Bay, and assisted in preserving more than 100 million acres of parks and wildlife refuges in Alaska. During his six decades of activism, he was a tireless crusader for the environment and the Everglades. Nathaniel inspired generations of conservationists, and what he did for Amer-ica’s River of Grass is immeasurable. Mr. Reed is survived by his wife of 54 years, Alita, three children, Adrian, Nathaniel Jr. and Lia, and five grandchildren. I offer my thoughts and prayers to Alita, his family, and all who called Nathaniel a friend during this great time of sadness. I am so pleased to honor his life and legacy. He will be dearly missed. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE CHARTERING OF THE LOVETTSVILLE AMER-ICAN LEGION POST 1836 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 17, 2018 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and congratulate the Lovettsville 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17JY8.005 E17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1021 July 17, 2018 
American Legion Post 1836 on receiving their charter from the American Legion Department of Virginia. This new Post, located in the heart of Lovettsville, Virginia, will play a vital role in supporting the Lovettsville community of vet-erans, active military and their families by of-fering support and camaraderie as well as honoring the many sacrifices of service mem-bers at local community events such as this past Memorial Day and Fourth of July. This kind of community service is extremely inspir-ing to see in Virginia’s 10th District as this American Legion Post will improve the quality of life for Virginians and bring awareness of the incredible sacrifices made every day by our service members. I would like to give special recognition to Post Commander, Nathaniel Fontaine, as well as American Legion Officers: Lizzy Fontaine, Harold Baker, David Steadman, Scott Barton and Nick Hayward. These officers are an in-spiration to men and women everywhere, and their efforts to the American Legion Post are truly honorable. With the chartering of this Post, our Lovettsville community takes another step for-ward in the care and service to our Veterans and service members. I look forward to the positive impact this American Legion Post will have upon all individuals in Virginia’s 10th Congressional District. Mr. Speaker, I take great pride in cele-brating with you and our colleagues the estab-lishment of American Legion Post 1836. I ask that you join me in congratulating the entire leadership and I wish them all the best in their future endeavors. 
f 
PROMOTING FLOOD RISK MITIGATION ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 16, 2018 Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, the Na-tional Flood Insurance Program shortchanges taxpayers and those who pay flood insurance premiums, while placing communities and families at risk. For more than 20 years, I have worked to reform the program, and I am pleased that a small piece of our broader re-form effort—the Promoting Flood Risk Mitiga-tion Act—has passed the House of Represent-atives. The flood insurance program is currently more than $20 billion in debt. This figure keeps rising as we see more devastating hur-ricanes and extreme weather events across our country. Part of the runaway cost of the program is due to the insuring of properties that have flooded repeatedly. In fact, a quarter of all claims paid by the flood insurance pro-gram are for repeatedly flooded properties, even though they make up less than two per-cent of properties covered by the program. For the safety of our communities and fiscal secu-rity of the country, Congress must do more to help those trapped in flood-prone areas move to safer land. The Promoting Flood Risk Mitigation Act tasks the Government Accountability Office (GAO) with studying the efficacy of the Na-tional Flood Insurance Program (NFIP) buyout programs for properties at high risk of flooding and those that are repeatedly flooded. While this bill is just a small step, if we in-vest in our communities before disasters occur, we will save money, save property, and most importantly, save lives. My hope is that Congress can actually implement the rec-ommendations of this study in an upcoming reauthorization, saving taxpayer dollars and providing help to those stuck in repeatedly flooded properties. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. EMANUEL CLEAVER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 17, 2018 Mr. CLEAVER. Mr. Speaker, I regrettably missed votes on Monday, July 16, 2018. I had intended to vote ‘‘yes’’ on Roll Call vote 330, and ‘‘yes’’ on vote 329. 
f 
RECOGNIZING NICKI VAUGHAN’S LEADERSHIP IN JUVENILE LAW 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 17, 2018 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Hall County Chief Assistant Public Defender Nicki Vaughan for her work in the field of juvenile law. Recently, the State Bar of Georgia honored the Georgia Bar’s Child Protection and Advocacy Sec-tion—chaired by Ms. Vaughan—with the 2017–2018 Section Award of Achievement. Under Ms. Vaughan’s leadership, the Child Protection and Advocacy Section stood out among the state bar’s 48 other Sections for its dedication and service to local families. As chair of the Child Protection and Advo-cacy Section, Nicki volunteers her time to mentoring young people. Moreover, she edu-cates other legal professionals on current legal issues affecting children and government poli-cies designed to assist children and families. As a fellow attorney, I am proud to honor Nicki Vaughan for her exceptional leadership and congratulate her section on earning this achievement award. 
f 
IN HONOR OF MAYOR ROBERT J. ‘‘BOB’’ ZOLDOS II 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 17, 2018 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and thank an extraordinary leader from the 10th Congressional District, Mayor Robert J. ‘‘Bob’’ Zoldos II of Lovettsville, as he completes 20 years of service to the town, first as a member of the Town Council and then as Mayor for three consecutive terms from 2012 to 2018. Incredibly, during the same time frame, Mayor Zoldos has excelled in his full- time job as Deputy Fire Chief with the Fairfax County Fire and Rescue Department that has included international rescue mission deploy-ments with Virginia Task Force One, Virginia’s Urban Search and Rescue Team, to Kenya, Turkey, Taiwan, Iran, and Haiti. Most recently, he was Task Force Leader of U.S.A. Search and Rescue Team One’s response to Japan’s catastrophic earthquake and tsunami in 2011. Inspired for a career in public service by his father, Robert J. Zoldos, who was a volunteer firefighter and town council member in Lees-burg, Virginia, Mayor Zoldos has been an out-standing team leader in all that he has under-taken. Upon announcing his run for Mayor on February 6, 2012, he stated, ‘‘While I don’t covet the title of mayor, I feel the same need that many of you have expressed . . . that we must keep politics out of our Lovettsville and keep the ‘love’ in it.’’ Indeed, as an inspira-tional team leader for his colleagues in the government of Lovettsville and for the resi-dents of the town, Mayor Zoldos has kept his promise to keep Lovettsville ‘‘a wonderful and neighborly place in which to live and to own a business.’’ No one has worked harder than Mayor Zoldos in championing town activities and events that have brought Lovettsville’s creative initiatives regional recognition and have at-tracted participants from all over the East coast. In fact, the Mayor has often been seen climbing ladders, moving barrels, acting as master of ceremonies, setting up tents, install-ing decorations and cleaning up trash at the close of events. To create a stronger commu-nity, he also instituted a weekly email known as the ‘‘Mayor’s Message,’’ writing more than 300 weekly messages in his unique conversa-tional style, in order to keep everyone in-formed about what was happening in the town and the actions taken by the Town Council. As Mayor, he has understood that economic development is critically important to the en-hancement of the quality of life of Lovettsville’s residents, especially for the ability to provide community based services and generate addi-tional revenue to support the town’s infrastruc-ture. For this reason, he worked diligently to attract and maintain businesses in the town, and is deservedly proud of the opening of the Lovettsville Town Center during his tenure. Mayor Zoldos also advocated the transition from outsourcing water and wastewater serv-ices in the town as well as the development of an in-house capability which included the hir-ing of skilled utility workers to operate and manage the town’s water and wastewater treatment facilities, that has resulted in consid-erable cost savings and improved customer service for the town’s residents. Mayor Zoldos also supported the establishment of Lovettsville’s first Fiscal Policy Manual which provides professional guidelines for building fi-nancial reserves to meet future requirements and achieve financial stability. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and our col-leagues join me in thanking Mayor Robert ‘‘Bob’’ Zoldos II, a gifted leader and public servant, as he completes 20 years of extraor-dinary service to the people of the town of Lovettsville and the 10th Congressional Dis-trict of Virginia. 
f 
HONORING THE CAREER OF JOHN RUSSELL DEANE III 
HON. BILL POSEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 17, 2018 Mr. POSEY. Mr. Speaker, I want to recog-nize the service of John Russell Deane III, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17JY8.011 E17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1022 July 17, 2018 
who has led a distinguished career in support of motorsports and the automotive perform-ance industry. Mr. Speaker, I had the pleasure of getting to know Russ over the years through my service in the Florida State Legislature and a shared interest in racing. Russ is an accomplished race car driver, but I stand here today to highlight his years of service as general counsel to the Specialty Equipment Market Association (SEMA), the National Hot Rod Association (NHRA), and many other race sanctioning bodies, which benefited Americans like me who are pas-sionate about cars, racing and protecting our rights as enthusiasts. While enrolled at Georgetown University Law Center, Russ started his career working as an aide to U.S. Representative Clark MacGregor (R–MN) and then served in var-ious positions in the Nixon administration, in-cluding as a White House aide. In 1975, Russ left government to enter the private practice of law. It was there that he stood up for millions of automotive enthusiasts by helping shape federal and state laws and regulations to pro-tect their hobby and the nation’s automotive heritage. Russ is a leading expert on laws and regu-lations that apply to motor vehicles and equip-ment as practiced by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA), U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), the California Air Resources Board (CARB) and other agencies. Russ worked closely with NHTSA, EPA and CARB as they established rules governing the installation of specialty automotive parts that customize and enhance vehicle performance. Russ played an instrumental role in imple-menting the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1977 and in crafting the 1990 revisions. Simi-larly, one of Russ’ most enduring accomplish-ments was his role in developing the CARB Executive Order program to test and certify the emissions performance of specialty auto parts sold across the country. He also helped shape state inspection programs based on testing rather than the mere presence of aftermarket parts. Russ helped to establish the Congressional Automotive Performance and Motorsports Caucus, which held its inaugural events in 1996 over a two-day period at the Smithso-nian National Museum of American History, on the National Mall, and in the halls of Con-gress. I am proud to have served as co-chair of this caucus since 2011, which now has over 65 members in the U.S. House of Representa-tives. Beyond the automotive world, Russ has worked with the U.S. Government, the Amer-ican Bar Association and many universities to help develop democracies in countries such as Estonia, Ukraine, Georgia and Afghanistan. The Government of Estonia awarded him the Order of the White Star, the highest civilian honor, for helping the country develop a mar-ket-based economy after the fall of the Soviet Union. Russ is a true Renaissance man, with inter-ests and expertise in areas well outside the practice of law. He is a skilled yachtsman, pilot, diver, and connoisseur of fine wines and cigars. In his spare time, he also races sports cars and motorcycles. In 2012, he accom-plished a longtime goal of setting an SRT-4 land speed record and being installed as a proud member of the Bonneville 200 MPH Club. I wish Russ Deane all the best in his retire-ment and thank him for his years of service to the automotive hobby and racing community. 
f 
HONORING DR. JEREMY REYNALDS 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 17, 2018 Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dr. Jeremy Reynalds, who passed away last week at the age of 60. Dr. Reynalds touched so many members of our community over the years as Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Joy Junction, New Mexico’s largest faith- based homeless shelter. After growing up in England, Dr. Reynalds immigrated to the United States in 1978. He struggled at first after moving to our country, and was homeless for some time. However, he turned his difficulties into a positive for the community, and founded a coffeehouse in Santa Fe that eventually became the city’s only facility for the homeless. In 1986, Dr. Reynalds moved to Albu-querque and founded Joy Junction. Today, the organization provides assistance to as many as 300 people each night and serves more than 200,000 meals every year. In addition to addressing the physical needs of guests by providing food and shelter, the ministry also provides counseling programs that tackle their emotional and spiritual needs. In the 32 years since its founding, Joy Junction has expanded to several buildings sitting on over 50 acres, including a new 55-room apartment building that will soon be completed. While serving as CEO of Joy Junction, Dr. Reynalds also earned a Master’s Degree in Communication from the University of New Mexico in Albuquerque and a Ph.D. in Inter-cultural Education from Biola University in Los Angeles. In addition to his work at Joy Junc-tion, Dr. Reynalds traveled to the Middle East to focus on social justice issues in that part of the world. He was also a prolific writer who authored several books on the topic of home-lessness. Mr. Speaker, I want to extend my heartfelt condolences to all of Dr. Reynalds’ loved ones including his wife Elma, who has been named Interim CEO of Joy Junction. I am confident that his organization’s extraordinary work for our community will continue for years to come. 
f 
HONORING THE PHI SIGMA PHI NATIONAL FRATERNITY 
HON. EVAN H. JENKINS 
OF WEST VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 17, 2018 Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Phi Sigma Phi Na-tional Fraternity. Phi Sigma Phi is a national social and philanthropic college fraternity with chapters in Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, and my home state of West Vir-ginia. The Phi Mu Chapter at Concord University in Athens, West Virginia, is one of the Found-ing Seven Chapters of Phi Sigma Phi. The or-ganization was founded on the belief that men of modest means could form a brotherhood and help their communities. Over the last 30 years, this organization has made its univer-sities and their communities better places by raising countless funds for charitable organiza-tions, volunteering in the community, and de-veloping college-aged men into leaders. May God bless the members of this organi-zation as they celebrate their 30th Anniver-sary. I am thankful for their service to my dis-trict, the people of West Virginia, and this great nation. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 17, 2018 Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, on Friday, July 13, I missed the following votes due to needing to attend to a close family member in the hospital. For Roll Call Vote 327, on the Motion to Re-commit with Instructions, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ For Roll Call Vote 328, final passage of the Unfunded Mandates Information and Trans-parency Act, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE CONTRIBUTIONS OF THE MAY FAMILY FOUNDA-TION 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 17, 2018 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize an extraordinary leader, colleague, and dear friend, Delegate Joe T. May, as well as his wife Bobby and their two daughters, Elaine and Beth. They are honored today for their incredible philanthropic contributions to Virginia Tech College of Engineering. Delegate May’s life and legislative legacy is certainly one to be recognized as it is full of service to his constituents, commonwealth, and country. It was Delegate May’s electrical engineering degree from Virginia Tech that jumpstarted his long and successful career as a businessman, engineer, and dedicated pub-lic servant. Delegate May’s experience as only one of a few professional engineers in the entire Gen-eral Assembly enabled him to play an integral role in passing numerous legislative initiates, including a bill to establish the House Science and Technology Committee, of which he would later serve as chair. When I served in the House of Delegates with Joe May, I was honored to serve on this committee with him. He was a trusted and valued colleague to all who worked with him. This year, Delegate May and his family have gifted his alma mater, Virginia Tech College of Engineering, with $5 million dollars for a pilot program to aid stu-dents who will be the first generation college students. His generous gift will inspire many hopeful students to pursue their dreams of a successful career, just as Delegate May did. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17JY8.016 E17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1023 July 17, 2018 
With this donation, the college will be able to recruit 60 promising first-generation stu-dents from across Virginia into a four-year pre- college educational program in the field of en-gineering. The overall project is expected to provide 300 students with the gateway to pur-sue engineering degrees, as well as the mon-umental courage that will excel their careers for life. These students will experience an interactive engineering discipline, made pos-sible through labs and a mentoring system. Delegate May is the true embodiment of a public servant and an accomplished engineer. This donation to Virginia Tech’s College of En-gineering will, in this important age of tech-nology and innovation, provide students from across the state of Virginia with valuable edu-cational opportunities and, without a doubt, will positively impact their lives. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize Delegate May and the May Family Foundation for this extraordinary investment to future and prospective engineers, businesspeople, and leaders. This impact which will touch so many young lives will be forever valued as a selfless act meant to serve as a building block for a greater society. I look forward to Delegate Joe T. May’s ongoing contributions to future gen-erations of Virginia students, and I wish him and the entire May family the best in their fu-ture endeavors. 
f 
HONORING HELEN BLANK 
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 17, 2018 Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ms. Helen Blank of the Women’s Law Center for her lifelong advocacy on behalf of children and families. On July 19th, the Co-alition on Human Needs will honor Ms. Blank as a Special Human Needs Hero. Each year, the coalition honors heroes who fight effec-tively to meet the needs of low income and vulnerable people. For decades, Helen has been a true cham-pion for families needing high quality and af-fordable care for their children. Before joining the National Women’s Law Center, Helen served for 24 years as the director of the Child Care and Development Division at the Chil-dren’s Defense Fund (CDF). I first met Helen when she worked at CDF, and I was Chief of Staff for Senator Chris Dodd. We were partners in highlighting early childhood development before the passage of the Child Care Development Block Grant (CCDBG)—one of Helen’s great achieve-ments. Rarely does an advocate have such in-fluence on the passage of a law, and this is no small or inconsequential law. Since its enactment in 1990, the CCDBG has served millions of children and families, ensuring that all children can access afford-able and enriching early learning experiences during their critical years of development. Per-haps no one has been as dedicated to its suc-cess as Helen Blank. She was there to see its funding double at the end of the Clinton Ad-ministration, and again to see it receive a huge infusion of resources in the Recovery Act of 2009 during the Great Recession. Most recently, her single focus on the critical nature of funding for CCDBG paid off again as earlier this year the budget agreement included his-toric investments in child care. She has built successful campaigns that have brought attention to the importance of early care and education for the development of healthy children. At times, it was an uphill battle to keep the issue front and center. Dur-ing the second Bush Administration, when they proposed to make Head Start funding de-pendent on standardized testing, similar to the No Child Left Behind Act, Helen was there along with her powerful coalition to help us fight back. Through her work, Helen has garnered a reputation as a steadfast and principled de-fender of the needs of children and their fami-lies. Her work has shined a light on the impor-tance of early childhood education, provided guidance on successfully implementing legisla-tion and funding in the best interests of chil-dren, and inspired hundreds of advocates who continue to champion the needs of our young-est. It is my honor and privilege today to rec-ognize Helen Blank for her decades of hard work and dedication to the health and well- being of our children. f 
HONORING ROTARY CLUB OF CLAYTON’S 2018 AWARD RECIPI-ENTS 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 17, 2018 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the eight individuals honored by the Rotary Club of Clayton this year. Members of the Rotary Club of Clayton dedicate their time to their neighbors by illus-trating the club’s motto of ‘‘Service Above Self.’’ The Rotary Club gave its annual Wheel Award and J.C. Dover Wheel Award to Dan McAfee of Rabun County Habitat for Humanity and Dr. Guy Glover, respectively. Jim Antosiak received the W. Lee Arrendale Award for dem-onstrating altruism, strong vocation, and eth-ical standards. Additionally, three first responders were rec-ognized for their strength during times of cri-sis. Tony Lima received the Law Enforcement Officer of the Year award, James Reed re-ceived the Firefighter of the Year award, and Mike Carnes received the Paramedic of the Year award. Mary Beth Brundage received the Jean Har-ris Professional Award, and the Rotary Club presented Tim Ranney with the Golden ‘‘R’’ Award—an honor given to a Rotarian who strives to improve the community and club as a whole. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate this year’s award recipients and look forward to the con-tinued impact that their service will have on the community. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ADAM KINZINGER 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 17, 2018 Mr. KINZINGER. Mr. Speaker, I was not present for votes yesterday, July 16, 2018, as I was unavoidably detained due to flight delays. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 329 and YEA on Roll Call No. 330. f 
CONGRATULATING THE Y QUAD CITIES ROWING PROGRAM’S JUN-IOR WOMEN’S CREW FOR WIN-NING THE DIAMOND JUBILEE CHALLENGE CUP 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 17, 2018 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Y Quad Cities Rowing pro-gram’s junior women’s crew for winning the Diamond Jubilee Challenge Cup at the Henley Royal Regatta in England. This is a first for the rowers, who are based out of the Sylvan Boat House in Moline, Illinois. Coached by Dr. Peter Sharis and Assistant Coach Jamie Whalen, scullers Caroline Sharis, Delaney Evans, Emma Mask and Tay-lor English set a new course record at the prestigious regatta on the Thames River, be-coming one of only two American crews to win at Henley this year and the first overseas crew ever to win the Diamond Jubilee Challenge cup. This impressive victory followed the team’s win at the USRowing Youth National Championships in June. Mr. Speaker, I would like to again formally congratulate the Y Quad Cities rowers on their title, and I join the rest of the community in wishing them every success in the future. 
f 
HONORING SCHENCK FOODS COM-PANY ON ITS 90TH ANNIVER-SARY 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 17, 2018 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate Schenck Foods Company, lo-cated in the northern Shenandoah Valley of Virginia, for 90 years of extraordinary success under the leadership of four generations of a family-owned and operated business. In 1928, the partnership of Bob Schenck and Howard Cahill founded the Valley Food Company, that manufactured Blossom Potato Chips. There-after, the company became the Schenck Cheese Company, distributing retail food items over a radius of 30 to 40 miles for Kraft Foods. And, in 1952, the company incor-porated as Schenck Foods Company with a product line that included food service items to support institutional food customers. Like so many other great American small businesses, the company responded to situa-tions of adversity, such as severe economic downturns and competition from large chain stores, by establishing a corporate culture based on an absolute commitment to excel-lence both in products sold and in customer service provided, which has generated a stel-lar reputation for the company and wide re-gional consumer loyalty. Offering more than 5,000 different products, Schenck Foods 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17JY8.020 E17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1024 July 17, 2018 
proudly serves more than 4,500 customers, within a 150-mile radius of Winchester, Vir-ginia. The company’s relentless commitment to in-novation has resulted in important partnership initiatives with local, organic, sustainable and farm-to-table providers and a revamped and comprehensive walk-in ‘‘warehouse store’’ that includes a large professional kitchen where chef-created tasting dinners will be held and food vendors may demonstrate their products and buyers may learn to use them. The Schenck Foods corporate culture of excel-lence includes not only a strong commitment to its more than 100 employees but also an unwavering commitment to philanthropy and giving back to the Winchester and northern Shenandoah Valley community that it serves. On behalf of the people of the 10th Congres-sional District, I thank the leaders and employ-ees of Schenck Foods for their compassion and generosity. In the invitation to its 90th anniversary cele-bration, current president and CEO, Jason Huntsberry, summed up the critical importance of the close relationships that have been es-tablished over the past nine decades, when he wrote: ‘‘On behalf of my family and the entire Schenck Foods family, both past and present, we want to thank you for allowing us to serve this great community for the last ninety years. Without the dedication and loyalty of our em-ployees, customers and partners, our near century of success would not be a reality.’’ Mr. Speaker, as we reflect on the past and look to the future of this great company, I ask that you and our colleagues join me in congratu-lating Schenck Foods Company for 90 years of amazing success and in anticipating for the company, an exciting future of innovation and outstanding corporate citizenship in the com-munity that it has served so faithfully. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 17, 2018 Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I missed two votes on 7/16/2018. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 329 and YEA on Roll Call No. 330. 
f 
REGARDING SPECIAL COUNSEL INVESTIGATION 
HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 17, 2018 Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD the following op-ed by former Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist about the need to protect Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation from partisan political interference. The piece recently appeared in the Washington Post. THESENATE I L EDPUTCOUNTRY OVER P
ARTY . THISONEMUSTDO THE SAME FOR  R
OBERT MUELLER . (By Bill Frist) Bill Frist is a heart and lung transplant sur-geon, former U.S. Senate majority leader and senior fellow at the Bipartisan Policy Center. When I retired from the U.S. Senate in 2007 as its majority leader, my parting words were a prayer for my colleagues to rise above the passions of the moment and protect the institution as a bulwark for our country’s enduring values. The Senate I served in was not devoid of partisanship, nor should it be, but my hope was that patriotism would al-ways take priority over party. It is with some trepidation that I offer thoughts on how the good people still serv-ing in the Senate should address a current crisis, but staying silent is no longer an op-tion. Special counsel Robert S. Mueller III is under assault, and that is wrong. No matter who is in the White House, we Republicans must stand up for the sanctity of our democ-racy and the rule of law. Certainly, my former colleagues face dif-ficult pressures. They go to work in a Wash-ington that is divided. They want to ensure a Supreme Court that, like most of our citi-zens, understands that government power must be limited. They want a fair tax code that supports a growing economy. They want less regulation. By those measures, Presi-dent Trump is a great partner at the other end of Pennsylvania Avenue. But we can’t look the other way as, tweet by tweet, with each new assault on the Justice Depart-ment’s independence, the bedrock principles of our party crumble. I’m a Republican because I stand for small government and also, as a physician, for the dignity of every life. But I am also a Repub-lican because I believe in the rule of law. Re-publicans must fight for that principle today—even if it means pushing back against a Republican administration. As a party, we can’t let the president or his allies erode the independence of the Justice Department or public trust in the vital work of law enforce-ment. That would be true even if the stakes were much lower, but it is overwhelmingly so when it comes to investigating foreign in-terference in our elections. Congress must ensure that Mueller is able to do his job without interference or intimidation. Nobody knows what the special counsel’s investigation will conclude. I, for one, do not think the president colluded with Russian President Vladimir Putin to win the 2016 election. But I do believe Putin purposely tried to undermine our democratic process. It isn’t easy to tell a president of your own party that he is wrong. But the assault on Mueller’s investigation does not help the president or his party. When Trump talks about firing the special counsel or his power to pardon himself, he makes it seem as though he has something to hide. The presi-dent must remember that only Mueller’s ex-oneration can lift the cloud hanging over the White House. The special counsel’s investigation is not about Trump. It is about our national secu-rity. Every American should be rooting for Mueller’s success in determining precisely how Russia interfered in our fundamental democratic process. I had no illusions about the Soviet Union during the Cold War, and I have none about Putin now. Mueller’s most recent court filings indicate that Putin is seeking to meddle in this year’s elections. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, Director of National Intelligence Daniel Coats and FBI Director Christopher A. Wray—all Trump ap-pointees confirmed by the Republican-led Senate—have also warned of foreign inter-ference. We should heed these warnings and empower Mueller to see his important work through to its conclusion. I have worried over the years about run-away legal authority, and I’ve battled against activist judges. I don’t worry about Robert Mueller. He is a lifelong Republican with a career of distinguished service run-ning the Criminal Division of the Justice De-partment for President Ronald Reagan and serving as President George W. Bush’s FBI director, twice unanimously confirmed by the Senate. And his investigation is getting results: By any objective standard, he has moved swiftly, obtaining 23 indictments and five guilty pleas in just more than a year. Congress must never abandon its role as an equal branch of government. In this moment, that means protecting Mueller’s investiga-tion. We’re at our best as senators and Re-publicans when we defend our institutions. But more than that, it’s our best face as Americans. People around the world admire not just the material well-being of the United States but our values, too. The rule of law is some-thing many die trying to secure for their countries. We can’t afford to squander it at home. f 
RECOGNIZING THE GENEROSITY OF CAROL GREGG 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 17, 2018 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mrs. Carol Gregg for her 20 years of service to foster care children in Northeast Georgia. As a Court Appointed Special Advocate (CASA) volunteer and employee of Prevent Child Abuse in Georgia, Mrs. Gregg discov-ered that foster care children and babies are in need of blankets. This inspired her to use crochet, a longtime hobby of hers, to connect with these children by creating blankets and afghans for them. Mrs. Gregg’s crocheted pieces reflect the warmth of the local community and benefit not only children in foster care, but families that open their homes. Moreover, her advocacy through CASA has inspired more residents to volunteer and offer support to the children and families. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mrs. Carol Gregg for her generosity and dedication to the foster children of Northeast Georgia. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE 60TH ANNIVERSARY OF SACRED HEART 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 17, 2018 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and congratulate Sacred Heart Academy, a Christ-centered school awarded the National Blue Ribbon of Distinction, on the occasion of its 60th year of excellent service to the people of Winchester, Virginia and the northern Shenandoah Valley. Sacred Heart Academy was founded by the Sisters of the Holy Names of Jesus and Mary in 1957. From the beginning, it has been committed to pro-viding for its students, a safe and nurturing en-vironment that is conducive to academic ex-cellence and guided by a strong set of morals 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17JY8.025 E17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1025 July 17, 2018 
and values. The school currently has 245 stu-dents enrolled in grades pre-K through 8 and although it is now staffed by laity, the school continues the tradition of teaching daily reli-gion classes and guiding students in living a prayerful, spiritual life. Furthermore, the parish priests visit the school weekly to aid in the teaching of the faith, and the students partici-pate in weekly Mass. During its 60-year history, Sacred Heart Academy has developed into a school with ex-traordinarily high academic standards. A mile-stone in the school’s academic development was the completion, in 2009, of a 14,000 square foot addition to the school, that in-cluded a state-of-the-art science lab, media center, a music room, an art room, conference rooms and additional classrooms, as well as a peaceful courtyard that is conducive to medita-tion. This addition made it possible to house the entire student population under one roof, bringing social cohesiveness and a new vitality to the student population. Sacred Heart Academy prides itself on its STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics) initiative that included the ac-quiring of a 30-unit iPad2 mobile lab in the summer of 2012. With the use of digital re-sponders purchased the year before, the mo-bile lab integrates many technological applica-tions into the classroom and allows teachers to obtain immediate feedback on how well the students are understanding the scientific con-cepts being presented. The opening last year of the Rev. Stanley Krempa gymnasium, named after the longtime priest at the Sacred Heart of Jesus Catholic Church, marks another important milestone in the mission of Sacred Heart Academy to ‘‘nur-ture the development of the whole child.’’ With high standards in academics, the arts, and sports, the school offers a rich environment in which each child can excel and explore his or her unique potential. The award of Sacred Heart Academy with the National Blue Ribbon of Distinction in 2013 celebrates the extraordinary academic suc-cess of the wonderful students of the school. It also recognizes the extraordinary dedication of the administrators and teachers at the school to high standards of learning for all stu-dents, to data collection and honest analysis of their teaching effectiveness, and to staying at the forefront of best professional practices. The National Blue Ribbon of Distinction was also awarded to Sacred Heart Academy be-cause of the faithful commitment and re-sourcefulness of the entire school community to overcome all obstacles that it has faced. The families of the school make up a close- knit community on which the school is heavily dependent. The volunteer in-service program asks that each family serves at least twenty- five hours a year performing volunteer tasks such as lunch and recess duty, chaperoning field trips and even assisting in the classroom. An active Parent Teacher Organization holds major annual fundraisers, without which the school could not function successfully. The generosity of other members of the Sacred Heart Parish and that of the Diocese of Arling-ton has also helped to accomplish important goals for the school. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you join me and our other colleagues in congratulating the entire ‘‘family’’ of Sacred Heart Academy on its ex-traordinary success over the last 60 years and wishing that, in the second half century of its existence, it continues to be a special blessing to the people of Winchester and the northern Shenandoah Valley. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF ANTHONY B. KRUPSKI, JR. 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 17, 2018 Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor the extraordinary life and legacy of Mr. Anthony B. Krupski, Jr. who passed away on July 1, 2018 at the age of 76. Born in Buffalo and raised in Cheektowaga, Anthony Kruspski first heard music in his home as his dad played the accordion and be-came his son’s first teacher. Tony’s passion for this unique instrument and his family led him to start his own band at just age 17. This polka band, Krew Brothers, would grow to in-clude all six of his brothers. This proud son with strong Polonia roots picked the perfect name for what would be-come one of the country’s leading polka bands as ‘‘Krew,’’ means blood in the Polish lan-guage. Having kept his family united after his Mother’s passing, Tony would lead his band of brothers to great heights as they appeared on national television, performed at gatherings in Western New York and toured extensively to major polka conventions and festivals through-out the Northeast and Midwest. Their hits, in-cluding the Birds ’n Bees Polka, The Thing Polka, Michael Polka, Judy Polka, New Father Polka and the Babcia & Deidamia Polka, were recorded over four albums, three on their own private label. Tony remained an in-demand musician even after the Krew Brothers disbanded as he played with ‘‘Full Circle’’ and was as much as an attraction as the traditional food stands as he entertained thousands of shoppers visiting the legendary Buffalo Broadway Market during the Easter season. His sound helped enhance the authenticity of the Forgotten Buffalo Tours and lifted the spirits of nursing home residents as he shared his talents with those whose memories of polka parties remained strong. Always a hard worker, Tony’s dedication to his family extended to his decades of work as a stationery engineer in both the private and public sectors. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you join me in ex-pressing our deepest condolences to his wife, Marie, his children, grandchildren, family, friends and legions of fans as we commemo-rate the musical contributions of the first Krew Brother, Anthony Krupski, Jr. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 17, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I was not present to vote from July 10, 2018 through July 13, 2018 due to the passing of my father, Leonard Perlmutter. Had I been present for roll call No. 321 on passage of H.R. 200, the Strengthening Fish-ing Communities and Increasing Flexibility in Fisheries Management Act, I would have voted ‘‘NAY.’’ Had I been present for roll call No. 325 on passage of H.R. 3281, the Reclamation Title Transfer and Non-Federal Infrastructure Incentivization Act, I would have voted ‘‘NAY.’’ Had I been present for roll call No. 326 on passage of H.R. 6237, the Matthew Young Pollard Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Years 2018 and 2019, I would have voted ‘‘YEA.’’ Had I been present for roll call No. 328 on passage of H.R. 50, the Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act, I would have voted ‘‘NAY.’’ f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. SEAN P. DUFFY 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 17, 2018 Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, July 16, 2018 I missed the following vote due to travel delay and was not recorded. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 329. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 115TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE VILLAGE PRESS FOUNDED BY FREDERICK W. GOUDY IN PARK RIDGE, ILLI-NOIS 
HON. JANICE D. SCHAKOWSKY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 17, 2018 Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the artistry and craftsman-ship of The Village Press, founded in 1903 by Frederick W. Goudy in Park Ridge, Illinois. Goudy modeled his Village Press venture on the world-famous ideals of William Morris and the Arts and Crafts movement, inspired by Na-ture and expressed through artful, traditional, hand-wrought crafts. Goudy’s publication of the William Morris essay, Printing, was award-ed prizes at the 1904 World Exhibition in St. Louis, Missouri. The Village Press also pro-duced The Door in the Wall & Other Stories by H. G. Wells, Rip Van Winkle by Wash-ington Irving, and more than 160 other literary works. In 1947, the United States Library of Con-gress held a retrospective exhibition of the work of Frederick W. Goudy and The Village Press, which received critical acclaim. The Village Press was extraordinary due to Frederick Goudy’s legendary typeface design. Typefaces have distinct personalities that help convey ideas, just as images and words do. The handsome, hand-forged elegance of typefaces designed by Frederick Goudy earned international fame. Many of Goudy’s more than 100 magnificent typefaces are still in popular use today, including Copperplate Gothic, Californian, Italian Old Style and Goudy Old Style. Frederick Goudy remains America’s super-star designer of the shapes that dress our words. His designs bridge the gap between the print and digital ages with an elegance and energy that are eloquent—and timeless. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17JY8.029 E17JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with REMARKS
D821 Tuesday, July 17, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S4973–S5026 Measures Introduced: Eleven bills were introduced, as follows: S. 3218–3228.
                             Pages S5003–04 
Measures Reported: Report to accompany H.R. 1900, to designate the Veterans Memorial and Museum in Columbus, Ohio, as the National Veterans Memorial and Museum. (S. Rept. No. 115–304) S. Res. 557, expressing the sense of the Senate re-garding the strategic importance of NATO to the collective security of the transatlantic region and urging its member states to work together at the upcoming summit to strengthen the alliance, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute and with an amended preamble. S. 2497, to amend the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 and the Arms Export Control Act to make im-provements to certain defense and security assistance provisions and to authorize the appropriations of funds to Israel, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute.
                                                                  Page S5003 
Measures Passed: E-Visit Verification Delay: Committee on Fi-nance was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 6042, to amend title XIX of the Social Secu-rity Act to delay the reduction in Federal medical assistance percentage for Medicaid personal care serv-ices furnished without an electronic visit verification system, and the bill was then passed.
             Page S5006 
Oldham Nomination—Agreement: Senate re-sumed consideration of the nomination of Andrew S. Oldham, of Texas, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit.
                                        Pages S4981–83 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 50 yeas to 49 nays (Vote No. 159), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
                                                                  Page S4983 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the nomination, post-cloture, at approximately 10 a.m., on Wednes-day, July 18, 2018; that the time until 2 p.m. be equally divided; and that at 2 p.m., notwithstanding Rule XXII, Senate vote on confirmation of the nom-ination with no intervening action or debate.                                                                                             Page S5006 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nominations: By 50 yeas to 49 nays (Vote No. EX. 156), James Blew, of California, to be Assistant Secretary for Planning, Evaluation, and Policy Development, De-partment of Education.
                     Pages S4978–81, S5026 
By 66 yeas to 33 nays (Vote No. EX. 158), Randal Quarles, of Colorado, to be a Member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 
                                                                      Pages S4981–83, S5026 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 66 yeas to 33 nays (Vote No. 157), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
                                                                  Page S4981 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: James Morhard, of Virginia, to be Deputy Admin-istrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration. Martin J. Oberman, of Illinois, to be a Member of the Surface Transportation Board for the remain-der of the term expiring December 31, 2018. Martin J. Oberman, of Illinois, to be a Member of the Surface Transportation Board for a term expir-ing December 31, 2023. Kevin K. Sullivan, of Ohio, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Nicaragua. Damon Ray Leichty, of Indiana, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of In-diana. John Milton Younge, of Pennsylvania, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. Nicholas A. Trutanich, of Nevada, to be United States Attorney for the District of Nevada for the term of four years. G. Zachary Terwilliger, of Virginia, to be United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia for the term of four years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:37 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17JY8.REC D17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD822 July 17, 2018 
William Travis Brown, Jr., of Louisiana, to be United States Marshal for the Middle District of Louisiana for the term of four years. Nick Edward Proffitt, of Virginia, to be United States Marshal for the Eastern District of Virginia for the term of four years.
                                     Page S5026 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S5002 
Measures Referred:                                         Pages S5002–03 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:               Page S5003 
Executive Communications:                             Page S5003 
Petitions and Memorials:                                    Page S5003 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S5004–05 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                            Page S5005 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S5001–02 
Amendments Submitted:                                   Page S5005 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                    Pages S5005–06 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S5006 
Record Votes: Four record votes were taken today. (Total—159)
                                                 Pages S4981, S4983 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 10:09 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Wednesday, July 18, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S5006.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
SEMIANNUAL MONETARY POLICY REPORT TO THE CONGRESS Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the Semiannual Monetary Policy Report to the Congress, after receiving testimony from Jerome H. Powell, Chairman, Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. DOI CRITICAL MINERALS LIST Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the Department of the Interior’s final list of critical minerals for 2018 and opportunities to strengthen the United States’ mineral security, after receiving testimony from Ste-ven M. Fortier, Director, National Minerals Informa-tion Center, Geological Survey, Department of the Interior; Roderick G. Eggert, Deputy Director, Ad-vanced Manufacturing Office, Critical Materials In-stitute, The Ames Laboratory, Department of En-ergy; Greg Gregory, Materion Natural Resources, Delta, Utah; Aaron Mintzes, Eathworks, Wash-ington, D.C.; Laurel Sayer, Midas Gold Idaho, Inc., Boise; and Jim Sims, NioCorp Developments Ltd., Centennial, Colorado. ENDANGERED SPECIES ACT AMENDMENTS Committee on Environment and Public Works: Com-mittee concluded a hearing to examine an original bill entitled, ‘‘Endangered Species Act Amendments of 2018’’, after receiving testimony from Wyoming Governor Matthew H. Mead, Cheyenne; Bob Broscheid, Colorado Division of Parks and Wildlife, Denver; and Matthew J. Strickler, Virginia Secretary of Natural Resources, Richmond. REDUCING HEALTH CARE COSTS Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Committee concluded a hearing to examine reducing health care costs, focusing on eliminating excess health care spending and improving quality and value for patients, after receiving testimony from Jef-frey R. Balser, Vanderbilt University Medical Cen-ter, Nashville, Tennessee; Steven M. Safyer, Montefiore Medicine, New York, New York; David Lansky, Pacific Business Group on Health, San Fran-cisco, California; and Brent C. James, Stanford Uni-versity School of Medicine, Stanford, California. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee held closed hearings on intelligence matters, receiving testimony from officials of the intelligence community. Committee recessed subject to the call. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:37 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17JY8.REC D17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D823 July 17, 2018 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 21 pub-lic bills, H.R. 6393–6413; and 5 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 129; and H. Res. 999–1002 were intro-duced.
                                                                      Pages H6462–63 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H6464–65 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 6138, to amend title XVIII of the Social Se-curity Act to provide for ambulatory surgical center representation during the review of hospital out-patient payment rates under part B of the Medicare program, and for other purposes, with an amend-ment (H. Rept. 115–831, Part 1); H.R. 4952, to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to conduct a study and submit a re-port on the effects of the inclusion of quality in-creases in the determination of blended benchmark amounts under part C of the Medicare program, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–832, Part 1); H.R. 1482, to authorize the Secretary of Agri-culture to maintain or replace certain facilities and structures for commercial recreation services at Smith Gulch in Idaho, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–833); and H. Res. 1001, providing for consideration of the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 119) expressing the sense of Congress that a carbon tax would be detrimental to the United States economy (H. Rept. 115–834).
                                                     Page H6462 Speaker: 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Byrne to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                                     Page H6265 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:52 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H6271 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by voice vote.
                               Page H6271 
Committee Election: The House agreed to H. Res. 1000, electing a Member to a certain standing com-mittee of the House of Representatives.
        Page H6282 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Pro bono Work to Empower and Represent Act: S. 717, amended, to promote pro bono legal services as a critical way in which to empower survivors of domestic violence;
                                             Pages H6282–85 
Expressing the sense of the House of Representa-tives that the Nation now faces a more complex and grave set of threats than at any time since the end of World War II, and that the lack of full, on- time funding related to defense activities puts servicemen and servicewomen at risk, harms na-tional security, and aids the adversaries of the United States: H. Res. 995, expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the Nation now faces a more complex and grave set of threats than at any time since the end of World War II, and that the lack of full, on-time funding related to defense activities puts servicemen and servicewomen at risk, harms national security, and aids the adversaries of the United States;                                             Pages H6285–89 
Expressing the sense of the House of Representa-tives that the United States Navy’s total readiness remains in a perilous state due to high operational demands, increased deployment lengths, shortened training periods, and deferred maintenance all while the Navy is asked to ‘‘do more with less’’ as financial support for critical areas waned in the era of sequestration and without consistent Con-gressional funding: H. Res. 998, expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the United States Navy’s total readiness remains in a perilous state due to high operational demands, in-creased deployment lengths, shortened training peri-ods, and deferred maintenance all while the Navy is asked to ‘‘do more with less’’ as financial support for critical areas waned in the era of sequestration and without consistent Congressional funding; 
                                                                                    Pages H6289–93 
Expressing the sense of the House of Representa-tives that the United States Marine Corps faces significant readiness challenges and that budg-etary uncertainty impedes the Corps’ ability to meet ongoing and unexpected national security threats, putting United States national security at risk: H. Res. 994, expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the United States Marine Corps faces significant readiness challenges and that budgetary uncertainty impedes the Corps’ ability to meet ongoing and unexpected national security threats, putting United States national security at risk;
                                                                          Pages H6293–95 
Encouraging Employee Ownership Act: S. 488, amended, to increase the threshold for disclosures re-quired by the Securities and Exchange Commission relating to compensatory benefit plans, by a 
2⁄3yea- and-nay vote of 406 yeas to 4 nays, Roll No. 333; 
                                                         Pages H6295–H6312, H6342–43 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To mod-ernize U.S. markets and to promote capital forma-tion, investor confidence, and economic growth, and for other purposes.’’.
                                         Pages H6342–43 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:37 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17JY8.REC D17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD824 July 17, 2018 
Defending Economic Livelihoods and Threatened Animals Act: H.R. 4819, amended, to promote in-clusive economic growth through conservation and biodiversity programs that facilitate transboundary cooperation, improve natural resource management, and build local capacity to protect and preserve threatened wildlife species in the greater Okavango River Basin of southern Africa;
                  Pages H6312–15 
Elie Wiesel Genocide and Atrocities Prevention Act: H.R. 3030, amended, to help prevent acts of genocide and other atrocity crimes, which threaten national and international security, by enhancing United States Government capacities to prevent, mitigate, and respond to such crises, by a 
2⁄3yea- and-nay vote of 406 yeas to 5 nays, Roll No. 334; 
                                                                Pages H6315–19, H6343–44 
Protecting Diplomats from Surveillance Through Consumer Devices Act: H.R. 4989, to require the Department of State to establish a policy regarding the use of location-tracking consumer devices by em-ployees at diplomatic and consular facilities, by a 
2⁄3 yea-and-nay vote of 412 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 335;
                         Pages H6319–20, H6344 
Better Utilization of Investments Leading to Development Act of 2018: H.R. 5105, amended, to establish the United States International Develop-ment Finance Corporation;
                           Pages H6320–33 
Women’s Entrepreneurship and Economic Em-powerment Act of 2018: H.R. 5480, amended, to improve programs and activities relating to women’s entrepreneurship and economic empowerment that are carried out by the United States Agency for International Development;
                          Pages H6333–37 
East Rosebud Wild and Scenic Rivers Act: H.R. 4645, to amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to designate certain segments of East Rosebud Creek in Carbon County, Montana, as components of the Wild and Scenic Rivers System;
                Pages H6337–38 
Juab County Conveyance Act of 2018: H.R. 3777, amended, to direct the Secretary of Agri-culture to convey certain National Forest System land containing the Nephi Work Center in Juab County, Utah, to Juab County; and
        Pages H6339–40 
Gila River Indian Community Federal Rights- of-Way, Easements and Boundary Clarification Act: H.R. 4032, amended, to confirm undocumented Federal rights-of-way or easements on the Gila River Indian Reservation, clarify the northern boundary of the Gila River Indian Community’s Reservation, to take certain land located in Maricopa County and Pinal County, Arizona, into trust for the benefit of the Gila River Indian Community.
          Pages H6340–42 Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2019: The House considered H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019. Consideration is expected to resume to-morrow, July 18th.
                Pages H6274–82, H6344–H6461 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–81 shall be considered as adopted in the House and in the Committee of the Whole.
                                                                            Page H6274 
Agreed to: Soto amendment (No. 3 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that increases funding for the National Wildlife Refuge System by $500,000 for the Wild-life and Habitat Management of invasive species; 
                                                                                    Pages H6434–35 
Lance amendment (No. 4 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that increases funding for the Delaware River Basin Restoration Program by $1 million; 
                                                                                    Pages H6435–36 
Courtney amendment (No. 5 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that designates $300,000 within the Op-eration of the National Park System for the New England Scenic Trail;
                                              Page H6436 
Courtney amendment (No. 6 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that increases the Historic Preservation Fund by $5 million to restore level funding with FY 2018;
                                                                       Pages H6436–37 
Sewell amendment (No. 7 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that increases funding for competitive grants to preserve the sites and stories of the Civil Rights Movement by $2,500,000, and reduces de-partmental operations for the Office of the Secretary of Interior by the same amount;
                        Page H6437 
Jackson Lee amendment (No. 8 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that increases by $500,000 the amount of funds provided for the Historic Preserva-tion Fund to be used for competitive grants for the survey and nomination of properties to the National Register of Historic Places and as National Historic Landmarks associated with communities currently under-represented;
                                             Pages H6437–38 
Clyburn amendment (No. 9 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that increases funding by $2 million for Historic Preservation Fund grants to Historically Black Colleges and Universities;
               Pages H6438–39 
Jackson Lee amendment (No. 10 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that states that of the funds pro-vided for the Historic Preservation Fund, increase by $1,000,000 those funds allocated for grants to His-torically Black Colleges and Universities; 
                                                                                    Pages H6439–40 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:37 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17JY8.REC D17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D825 July 17, 2018 
Olson amendment (No. 11 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that reduces by $20,000,000 and then in-creases by the same amount the National Recreation and Preservation account with intent to use the funds for the National Maritime Heritage grant pro-gram;
                                                                               Page H6440 
Dingell amendment (No. 12 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that increases USGS funding by $250,000 for fisheries assessment to continue and expand ad-vanced technologies research in the Ecosystem Fish-eries Program in accordance with Congressional di-rection that mission areas and accounts would be maintained at the enacted level;
                Pages H6440–41 
Courtney amendment (No. 13 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that provides funding for the U.S. Geo-logical Survey to develop a map showing pyrrhotite occurrences across the United States;
              Page H6441 
Gabbard amendment (No. 14 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that increases the USGS Surveys, Inves-tigations and Research account by $4,798,500, in-tended to be used for the Volcano Hazards Program to ameliorate impacts caused by volcanic eruptions; 
                                                                                    Pages H6441–42 
Kildee amendment (No. 15 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that increases funding to USGS to eradi-cate grass carp by $1 million; reduces funding from the Office of the Interior Secretary by the same amount;
                                                                  Pages H6442–43 
Johnson (OH) amendments printed in H. Rept. 115–830: (No. 16) that provides for a balanced dis-tribution of funds among Appalachian states for rec-lamation of abandoned mine lands in conjunction with economic and community development, offset by funds from the Environmental Programs and Management account; and (No. 17) that restores the number of Appalachian states eligible for grants for the reclamation of abandoned mine lands to be used for economic and community development from 3 to 6;
                                                                                        Page H6443 
O’Halleran amendment (No. 18 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that reduces and increases by $36,000,000 the amount of funding appropriated to the Bureau of Indian Affairs construction account for public safety and justice facility construction; 
                                                                                            Page H6444 
Plaskett amendment (No. 20 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that strengthens necessary support for in-sular territories of the United States (to equal Senate levels);
                                                                     Pages H6445–46 
Moore amendment (No. 21 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that boosts funding for the Smithsonian by $500,000 to better support efforts, including the creation of temporary or permanent exhibits, that better tell and increase understanding and education about the history, voices, and narratives of underrep-resented communities, including African-Americans and tribal Communities;                                Pages H6446–47 
Welch amendment (No. 22 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that increases funding for the Lake Cham-plain Basin Program by $4 million to the FY18 en-acted level; decreases the Office of the Secretary of Interior account by the same amount;
            Page H6447 
Esty amendment (No. 24 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that helps cities and towns clean up brownfield sites in their local communities by in-creasing funding to ‘‘brownfields projects’’ within the State and Tribal Assistance Grants (STAG) by $7 million by pulling $7 million from the Office of the Secretary;
                                                               Page H6448 
Denham amendment (No. 26 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that increases the WIFIA administrative expenses account by $2 million and decreases the DOI Office of the Secretary account by the same amount;
                                                                  Pages H6449–50 
Heck amendment (No. 28 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that directs EPA to fund the Clean Wa-tersheds Needs Survey;
                                           Page H6451 
Soto amendment (No. 30 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that increases funding for the National Es-tuary Program by $468,000;
                       Pages H6452–53 
LaMalfa amendment (No. 34 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that increases funding to the National Forest System account for purposes of eradicating, enforcing, and remediating illegal marijuana grow operations on National Forest System land; 
                                                                                    Pages H6454–55 
Welch amendment (No. 35 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that increases and decreases the State and Private Forestry Account account by $5 million to indicate that the amount should be used to help mitigate the spread of and the Emerald Ash Borer; 
                                                                                            Page H6455 
Ruiz amendment (No. 36 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that increases state and forestry private ac-count by $2 million to add funding for Volunteer Fire Assistance grant program, and decreases Wildland Fire Management account by the same amount; and
                                                         Pages H6455–56 
Carbajal amendment (No. 37 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that increases funds for hazardous fuels management activities by $10 million, decreases funds provided for forest products by the same amount.
                                                                  Pages H6456–57 
Rejected: O’Halleran amendment (No. 19 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that reduces Interior operations funds and increase BIA construction funds by 10 million dollars;
                                                   Pages H6444–45 
Vargas amendment (No. 23 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that sought to increase funding for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:37 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17JY8.REC D17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD826 July 17, 2018 
U.S.-Mexico Border Water Infrastructure Program by $5 million;
                                                     Pages H6447–48 
Jayapal amendment (No. 32 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that sought to reduce then add back $12 million to EPA’s Superfund account to underscore the importance of Superfund enforcement;
   Page H6453 
Carbajal amendment (No. 37 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that sought to increase funds for hazardous fuels management activities by $10 million, decrease funds provided for forest products by the same amount;
                                                                  Pages H6456–57 
Beyer amendment (No. 40 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that sought to strike section 430, which allows a loophole in Federal water quality permitting requirements for pollution discharges; and 
                                                                                    Pages H6458–60 
Beyer amendment (No. 41 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that sought to strike section 431, which repeals the Clean Water Rule.
                    Pages H6460–61 
Withdrawn: Langevin amendment (No. 31 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that was offered and subsequently with-drawn that would have provided funding for the Southern New England Estuaries Program under EPA Geographic Programs.
                                 Page H6453 
Proceedings Postponed: Biggs amendment (No. 1 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that seeks to transfer funds from the BLM Land acquisition account to the NPS Parks Mainte-nance Backlog;
                                                            Page H6434 
Grijalva amendment (No. 25 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that seeks to increase the budget for the Department of the Interior Inspector General’s Office by $2.5 million;
                                                         Page H6449 
O’Halleran amendment (No. 27 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that seeks to move $3,000,000 from the Office of the Special Trustee to the Office of Navajo-Hopi Indian Relocation;
                Pages H6450–51 
Adams amendment (No. 29 printed in H. Rept. 115–830) that seeks to decrease and then increase the EPA Environmental Programs and Management account fund by $742,000; this increase is to em-phasize the need for greater funding for the Environ-mental Justice program area within the account; and 
                                                                                    Pages H6451–52 
Grothman amendment (No. 39 printed in H. Rept. 115–830), as modified, that seeks to reduce funding for the National Endowment on the Arts and the Humanities by 15 percent.
         Pages H6457–58 
H. Res. 996, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6147) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 229 ayes to 184 noes, Roll No. 332, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 230 yeas to 183 nays, Roll No. 331. 
                                                                                    Pages H6274–82 Suspension—Proceedings Postponed: The House debated the following measure under suspension of the rules. Further proceedings were postponed. Authorizing the National Emergency Medical Services Memorial Foundation to establish a com-memorative work in the District of Columbia and its environs: H.R. 1037, amended, to authorize the National Emergency Medical Services Memorial Foundation to establish a commemorative work in the District of Columbia and its environs. 
                                                                                    Pages H6338–39 
Quorum Calls Votes—Four yea-and-nay votes and one recorded vote developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H6281, H6282, H6342–43, H6343–44, H6344. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 11:35 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
EXAMINING THE SUMMER FOOD SERVICE PROGRAM Committee on Education and the Workforce: Sub-committee on Early Childhood, Elementary, and Sec-ondary Education held a hearing entitled ‘‘Exam-ining the Summer Food Service Program’’. Testi-mony was heard from Kathryn Larin, Director of Education, Workforce, and Income Security, Govern-ment Accountability Office; Gil Harden, Assistant Inspector General for Audit, Office of Inspector Gen-eral, Department of Agriculture; and public wit-nesses. REALIZING THE BENEFITS OF RURAL BROADBAND: CHALLENGES AND SOLUTIONS Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Communications and Technology held a hearing en-titled ‘‘Realizing the Benefits of Rural Broadband: Challenges and Solutions’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. EXAMINING STATE EFFORTS TO IMPROVE TRANSPARENCY OF HEALTH CARE COSTS FOR CONSUMERS Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining State Efforts to Improve Transparency of Health Care Costs for Consumers’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Environment held a markup on H.R. 3128, to amend section 111 of the Clean Air Act to clarify 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:37 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17JY8.REC D17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D827 July 17, 2018 
when a physical change in, or change in the method of operation of, a stationary source constitutes a modification, and for other purposes. H.R. 3128 was forwarded to the full Committee, as amended. EXAMINING CAPITAL REGIMES FOR FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Fi-nancial Institutions and Consumer Credit held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Capital Regimes for Fi-nancial Institutions’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. FACEBOOK, GOOGLE AND TWITTER: EXAMINING THE CONTENT FILTERING PRACTICES OF SOCIAL MEDIA GIANTS Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Facebook, Google and Twitter: Ex-amining the Content Filtering Practices of Social Media Giants’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. LEGISLATIVE MEASURES Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Fed-eral Lands held a hearing on H.R. 5171, the ‘‘Ski Fee Retention Act’’; H.R. 5262, to redesignate the Hudson River Valley National Heritage Area as the Maurice D. Hinchey Hudson River Valley National Heritage Area, and for other purposes; H.R. 5347, the ‘‘Lyon County Economic Development and Envi-ronmental Remediation Act’’; H.R. 5532, the ‘‘Re-construction Era National Historical Park Act’’; H.R. 5923, the ‘‘Walnut Grove Land Exchange Act’’; H.R. 5979, the ‘‘Mill Springs Battlefield Na-tional Monument Act’’; H.R. 6013, the ‘‘Migratory Bird Framework and Hunting Opportunities for Veterans Act’’; and H.R. 6146, to authorize, direct, expedite, and facilitate a land exchange in Yavapai County, Arizona, and for other purposes. Testimony was heard from Chairman Bishop of Utah, and Rep-resentatives Tipton, Sean Patrick Maloney of New York, Amodei, Clyburn, Westerman, Rogers of Ken-tucky, and Gosar; Randy Garrison, Vice Chairman, Yavapai County Board of Supervisors, Arizona; and public witnesses. A NEW HORIZON IN U.S.-ISRAEL RELATIONS: FROM AN AMERICAN EMBASSY IN JERUSALEM TO POTENTIAL RECOGNITION OF ISRAELI SOVEREIGNTY OVER THE GOLAN HEIGHTS Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on National Security held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘A New Horizon in U.S.-Israel Relations: From an American Embassy in Jerusalem to Potential Rec-ognition of Israeli Sovereignty over the Golan Heights’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. TRIBAL ENERGY RESOURCES: REDUCING BARRIERS TO OPPORTUNITY Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on the Interior, Energy, and Environment held a hearing entitled ‘‘Tribal Energy Resources: Reducing Barriers to Opportunity’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 559, the ‘‘MERIT Act of 2017’’; H.R. 6391, to reauthorize and modify the authority of the Merit Systems Pro-tection Board, and for other purposes; H.R. 5300, the ‘‘Federal Information Systems Safeguards Act of 2018’’; H.R. 4913, the ‘‘Sgt. Maj. Wardell B. Tur-ner Post Office Building’’; H.R. 5395, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 116 Main Street in Dansville, New York, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Alexandria Gleason-Morrow Post Office Building’’; H.R. 5868, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 530 Claremont Avenue in Ashland, Ohio, as the ‘‘Bill Harris Post Office’’; H.R. 6020, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 325 South Michigan Avenue in Howell, Michigan, as the ‘‘Sergeant Donald Burgett Post Of-fice Building’’; H.R. 6059, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 51 Willow Street in Lynn, Massachusetts, as the ‘‘Thomas P. Costin, Jr. Post Office Building’’; H.R. 6116, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 362 North Ross Street in Beaverton, Michigan, as the ‘‘Colonel Alfred Asch Post Office’’; H.R. 6167, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 5707 South Cass Avenue in Westmont, Illinois, as the ‘‘James William Robinson Jr. Memorial Post Office Building’’; and H.R. 5935, to designate the facility at the United States Postal Service located at 1355 North Meridian Drive in Harristown, Illinois, as the ‘‘Logan S. Palmer Post Office’’. H.R. 559 was or-dered reported, as amended. H.R. 6391, H.R. 5300, H.R. 4913, H.R. 5395, H.R. 5868, H.R. 5935, H.R. 6020, H.R. 6059, H.R. 6116, and H.R. 6167 were ordered reported, without amendment. EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF CONGRESS THAT A CARBON TAX WOULD BE DETRIMENTAL TO THE UNITED STATES ECONOMY Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H. Con. Res. 119, expressing the sense of Congress that a carbon tax would be detrimental to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:37 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17JY8.REC D17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD828 July 17, 2018 
United States economy. The Committee granted, by record vote of 7–3, a rule providing for the consider-ation of H. Con. Res. 119 under a closed rule. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Ways and Means. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the concurrent resolution. The rule provides that the concurrent resolution shall be considered as read and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the concurrent resolution. Testimony was heard from Representatives Walorski, Blu-menauer, Polis, and McKinley. THE FUTURE OF FOSSIL: ENERGY TECHNOLOGIES LEADING THE WAY Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-committee on Energy; and Subcommittee on Envi-ronment held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of Fossil: Energy Technologies Leading the Way’’. Testimony was heard from Roger Aines, Senior Sci-entist, Atmospheric, Earth and Energy Division, Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory; Jason Begger, Executive Director, Wyoming Infrastructure Authority; and public witnesses. ACHIEVING GOVERNMENT-WIDE VERIFICATION OF SERVICE-DISABLED VETERAN-OWNED SMALL BUSINESSES Committee on Small Business: Subcommittee on Inves-tigations, Oversight, and Regulations; and Sub-committee on Oversight and Investigations of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Achieving Government-Wide Verification of Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Businesses’’. Testimony was heard from Thom-as J. Leney, Executive Director, Small and Veteran Business Programs, Department of Veterans Affairs; Robb Wong, Associate Administrator, Office of Government Contracting and Business Development, Small Business Administration; William Gould, Sen-ior Advisor, Office of the Administrator, Small Busi-ness Administration; and a public witness. THE VA ACCOUNTABILITY AND WHISTLEBLOWER PROTECTION ACT: ONE YEAR LATER Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘The VA Accountability and Whis-tleblower Protection Act: One Year Later’’. Testi-mony was heard from Peter O’Rourke, Acting Sec-retary, Department of Veterans Affairs; and a public witness. COMBATING FRAUD IN MEDICARE: A STRATEGY FOR SUCCESS Committee on Ways and Means: Subcommittee on Oversight held a hearing entitled ‘‘Combating Fraud in Medicare: A Strategy for Success’’. Testimony was heard from Seto J. Bagdoyan, Director, Forensic Au-dits and Investigative Service, Government Account-ability Office; Gloria L. Jarmon, Deputy Inspector General for Audit Services, Office of Inspector Gen-eral, Department of Health and Human Services; and Alec Alexander, Director, Center for Program Integ-rity, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. MODERNIZING STARK LAW TO ENSURE THE SUCCESSFUL TRANSITION FROM VOLUME TO VALUE IN THE MEDICARE PROGRAM Committee on Ways and Means: Subcommittee on Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘Modernizing Stark Law to Ensure the Successful Transition from Vol-ume to Value in the Medicare Program’’. Testimony was heard from Eric Hargan, Deputy Secretary, De-partment of Health and Human Services; and public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
RUSSIA’S OCCUPATION OF GEORGIA Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: Com-mission concluded a hearing to examine Russia’s oc-cupation of Georgia and the erosion of the inter-national order, after receiving testimony from David Bakradze, Ambassador of Georgia to the United States, Luke Coffey, Heritage Foundation, and Damon M. Wilson, Atlantic Council, all of Wash-ington, D.C. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, JULY 18, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: to hold hearings to examine sharks, 10:15 a.m., SR–253. Committee on Finance: Subcommittee on International Trade, Customs, and Global Competitiveness, to hold hearings to examine trade and commerce at United States ports of entry, 2:30 p.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine the nominations of Brian J. Bulatao, of Texas, to be an Under Secretary (Management), and Denise Natali, of New Jersey, to be an Assistant Secretary (Conflict and Stabilization Operations), both of the Department of State, 10 a.m., SD–419. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:37 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17JY8.REC D17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D829 July 17, 2018 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: to hold hearings to examine the Administration’s govern-ment reorganization proposal, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on Indian Affairs: to hold hearings to examine S. 2154, to approve the Kickapoo Tribe Water Rights Settlement Agreement, S. 3060, to repeal section 2141 of the Revised Statutes to remove the prohibition on certain alcohol manufacturing on Indian lands, and S. 3168, to amend the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 to make Reclamation Water Settlements Fund per-manent, 2:30 p.m., SD–628. Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine promoting justice for victims of crime, focusing on the Federal investment in DNA analysis, 10 a.m., SD–226. Special Committee on Aging: to hold hearings to examine supporting economic stability and self-sufficiency as Americans with disabilities and their families age, 9:30 a.m., SD–562. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture, Full Committee, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Cryptocurrencies: Oversight of New Assets in the Digital Age’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on En-ergy, hearing entitled ‘‘Powering America: The Role of Energy Storage in the Nation’s Electricity System’’, 9 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Digital Commerce and Consumer Protection, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Federal Trade Commission’’, 9:15 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Full Committee, markup on H.R. 6351, the ‘‘Advanc-ing U.S. Civil Nuclear Competitiveness and Jobs Act’’; and H.R. 6378, the ‘‘Pandemic and All-Hazards Pre-paredness and Advancing Innovation Act of 2018’’, 1 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Monetary Policy and the State of the Economy’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Monetary Policy and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of Money: Digital Currency’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on Europe, Eurasia, and Emerging Threats, hearing entitled ‘‘Current Developments in Central Asia’’, 3 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 5171, the ‘‘Ski Area Fee Retention Act’’; H.R. 5347, the ‘‘Lyon County Economic Development and En-vironmental Remediation Act’’; H.R. 5532, the ‘‘Recon-struction Era National Historical Park Act’’; H.R. 5556, the ‘‘Environmental Compliance Cost Transparency Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5923, the ‘‘Walnut Grove Land Exchange Act’’; H.R. 5979, the ‘‘Mill Springs Battlefield National Monument Act’’; H.R. 6038, to establish a procedure for the conveyance of certain Federal property around the Dickinson Reservoir in the State of North Dakota; H.R. 6039, to establish a procedure for the conveyance of cer-tain Federal property around the Jamestown Reservoir in the State of North Dakota, and for other purposes; H.R. 6040, the ‘‘Contra Costa Canal Transfer Act’’; and H.R. 6146, the ‘‘Cottonwood Land Exchange Act of 2018’’, 10:45 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Sub- committee on Intergovernmental Affairs, hearing entitled ‘‘Regulatory Divergence: Failure of the Administrative State’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Full Com-mittee, markup on legislation on the Department of En-ergy Veterans’ Health Initiative Act; and legislation on Chemical Assessment Improvement Act, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 6348, the ‘‘Small Business Access to Capital and Ef-ficiency Act’’; H.R. 6347, the ‘‘7(a) Real Estate Harmoni-zation Act’’; H.R. 6330, the ‘‘Small Business Runway Ex-tension Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6369, the ‘‘Expanding Con-tracting Opportunities for Small Businesses Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6367, ‘‘Incentivizing Fairness in Subcontracting Act of 2018’’; legislation on the Clarity on Small Business Participation in Category Management Act of 2018; H.R. 6316, the ‘‘Small Business Advocacy Improvements Act of 2018’’; and H.R. 6368, the ‘‘Encouraging Small Busi-ness Innovators Act’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Sub- committee on Economic Development, Public Buildings, and Emergency Management, hearing entitled ‘‘Are We Ready? Recovering from 2017 Disasters and Preparing for the 2018 Hurricane Season’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Eco-nomic Opportunity, hearing entitled ‘‘An Update on the Implementation of the Forever GI Bill: Is VA Ready for August 1st?’’, 2 p.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 3309, the ‘‘Social Security Online Tools Innova-tion Act’’; and H.R. 6377, the ‘‘Save Community News-paper Act of 2018’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. Subcommittee on Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘The Effects of Tariffs on U.S. Agriculture and Rural Communities’’, 2 p.m., 1100 Longworth. 
Joint Meetings 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: to hold hearings to examine the state of transatlantic relations, 10 a.m., SH–216. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:37 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17JY8.REC D17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD830 July 17, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Wednesday, July 18 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the nomination of Andrew S. Oldham, of Texas, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit, post-cloture, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at 2 p.m. Following disposition of the Oldham nomination, Sen-ate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of Ryan Wesley Bounds, of Oregon, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Wednesday, July 18 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Complete consideration of H.R. 6147—Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2019. Begin consideration of H. Con. Res. 119—Expressing the sense of Congress that a carbon tax would be detrimental to the United States economy (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E1021 Bustos, Cheri, Ill., E1023 Cleaver, Emanuel, Mo., E1021 Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E1024 Collins, Doug, Ga., E1021, E1023, E1024 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E1019, E1020, E1020, E1021, E1022, E1023, E1024 DeLauro, Rosa L., Conn., E1023 Duffy, Sean, P., Wisc., E1025 Flores, Bill, Tex., E1019 Gutie´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E1019 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E1020 Higgins, Brian, N.Y., E1025 Holding, George, N.C., E1020 Jenkins, Evan H., W.Va., E1019, E1022 Kinzinger, Adam, Ill., E1023 Krishnamoorthi, Ill., E1019 Lujan Grisham, Michelle, N.M., E1022, E1024 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E1019, E1022 Moore, Gwen, Wisc., E1020 Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E1025 Posey, Bill, Fla., E1021 Renacci, James B., Ohio, E1020 Schakowsky, Janice D., Ill., E1025 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:37 Jul 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D17JY8.REC D17JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST