Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7259 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 4, 2018 No. 191 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Thursday, December 6, 2018, at 12 p.m. 
Senate 
TUESDAY , DECEMBER 4, 2018 
The Senate met at 2:30 p.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Almighty God, who has given us this good land for our heritage, help us to be grateful for Your favor and eager to do Your will. Bless our citizens with honorable work, sound learning, exem-plary conduct, and faithful service. Keep our Senators true to You. Use them to defend our liberties and to unify our Nation for the good of hu-manity. Lord, give our lawmakers the spirit of wisdom that they may work for jus-tice, as they strive to approve what is excellent. Inspire them to glorify You in all they think, say, and do. We pray in Your merciful Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
OEVEN ). Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate is in a period of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each for debate only. The Senator from Ohio. f 
REMEMBERING GEORGE H.W. BUSH Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, today I want to talk about the loss of a great American. I want to talk about George H.W. Bush. On C–SPAN, I was watching the coverage of what is going on in the Rotunda now, and there are hundreds of people crowded around his casket, paying tribute to this great man. They have been there all day. They will be there all night. Friends of mine from Ohio are in town who never met him but knew of him and were inspired by him. We were all inspired by him. George Bush did it all. He was a war hero—youngest naval pilot at age 18, shot down over the Pacific. He was the last President, by the way, to serve in combat. He was also a Member of the U.S. Congress and proud of that. Prior to that, he was a successful business leader in Texas. He was an ambassador to the United Nations. He was CIA Di-rector. He was Envoy to China—the first one. He was Vice President of the United States, and he was President, of course, during one of the most momen-tous times in our Nation’s history. What a life. In his absence, our country is losing a lifelong patriot, a guiding voice, and the embodiment of the very best of America. For me, President Bush was also my mentor. I was very blessed early in my career to have been able to work for him. He brought me into his White House when I was a young man trying to figure out my way in life. I would not be in this crazy business of politics but for him—not just because he gave me opportunities to work for him but because he showed me you could do this work of public service and politics with honor and dignity and re-spect. He showed that nice guys can finish first. He showed that his approach— kinder and gentler, as he would call it in 1988—was something that indeed you could achieve here, even in the Halls of Congress. I have a special reason to be so grate-ful; also, so sad about his departure be-cause I relied on him for advice and counsel. He rarely gave it proactively, but when asked, he always had the wis-dom of years and the judgment that so many of us will miss so badly. He took a chance on me as a young lawyer from Cincinnati, OH, to come into his White House as his Associate Counsel to the President. He then took a chance on me to join his legislative affairs team, to be Director of the White House Office of Legislative Af-fairs. To be frank, I was not particularly qualified for either job. I had only worked on the Hill briefly as an intern. I was not nearly as distinguished as the other members of the legal team who had been mostly Supreme Court clerks, but it made me work all the harder to try to earn his trust and his respect. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Dec 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04DE6.000 S04DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7260 December 4, 2018 
He didn’t just give me a job. He taught me about being a leader, a pub-lic servant, being a better husband and father. He showed me what servant leadership meant, what it looked like in practice, and I try to work every day to live up to that example. He was one of the most decent and honorable peo-ple I have ever met—in politics or oth-erwise. He saw himself as a servant. That is what motivated him. He saw himself as a public servant when he signed up to become a young Navy pilot, flying dangerous bombing mis-sions. That sense of service, duty, and patriotism was why, years later, after a successful business career, he decided to put it on the line, run for the U.S. Congress. By the way, I have noticed this week there has been a lot of discussion about all of his successes, and there are so many. One thing people might forget is that he was also resilient. He had set-backs in his life—certainly the death of his beloved daughter Robin at a young age of 3—but he ran for the Senate twice in the State of Texas and lost. He didn’t give up. He bounced back. He was resilient. He was tough. When he was asked to serve as U.N. Ambassador, he took up that task be-cause of his devotion to service. When he was asked to chair the Republican National Committee—during a particu-larly tough time for the Republican Party, not a task most people wanted to take—he took it on. When he was asked to become the first envoy to China—again, a big challenge—he knew it was the right thing to do for the country. Of course, at the CIA, he stepped into a difficult situation. The morale was low, and he turned things around. When he was appointed as CIA Director in 1976, there had been a lot of hearings on Capitol Hill. They were called the Church hearings, named after Senator Church, and the CIA was under fire, big time. Morale was low. It was a difficult period. He stepped in precisely because of that. During his tenure at the Central In-telligence Agency, he made the CIA stronger. He built a special bond with the employees. He put some reforms in place that were important. He was widely credited by everyone as having restored a sense of pride in that impor-tant Agency. I heard that repeatedly. When I got elected to Congress in 1994, by the way, with the help of Presi-dent George H.W. Bush and Barbara Bush, both of whom came to speak and helped out on the campaign by lending their good names. Barbara Bush even did a radio ad for me that I think is probably the reason I won. She was probably the most popular person in America at the time. When I got elect-ed, I looked at the CIA complex in Northern Virginia—then called Lang-ley, still in Langley, VA. It was not named after anyone. I heard so much from people at the Agency about their respect for him—career people, people who worked there for years. I proposed the idea of naming the CIA after him and proposed legislation to do that in 1999. Today, that headquarters has been renamed under that legislation the George Bush Center for Intelligence. I remember being at the ceremony with him when the name was changed and just the love and respect he had from the people at that Agency. I re-member him telling stories, including stories about why he took the job and how much he respected the people there and the work they did and how, in many respects, they were on the frontlines for all of us. I remember stories being told about him, including one I will never forget, which is that Directors for years had gone into the CIA and then taken their own private elevator up to their office, which makes sense. It is a big job. George Bush wouldn’t take that pri-vate elevator. He insisted on going on the employee elevator every morning. Why? As he said to me later: Because I wanted to hear what was going on, hear from the employees, hear from the offi-cers. I think it was more than that. I think it was because he wanted them to know he was part of the team. That was his approach to everything he did—vintage George Bush. He did it with grace and dignity, bringing people together, working in a bipartisan man-ner, and stood for what he thought was right but understood that other people had different points of view and re-spected that. He carved out an inter-esting role as Vice President of the United States—unprecedented in terms of his ability to work with the Presi-dent, work with the Cabinet, work with foreign leaders. Ronald Reagan was there, of course, during the time of intense inter-national politics when the Cold War was coming to an end. As President Bush said during President Reagan’s funeral, he learned more from Ronald Reagan than anyone he encountered in all of his years of public service—but he also served Ronald Reagan well. As President then, George Bush was responsible for taking the end of the Cold War and being sure it worked well, not just for us but for so many millions of people around the world. He led our country through some great change there, not just the end of the Cold War but the Berlin Wall came down. I was working for him at the time, and I remember the excitement about it and the sense that he should give a boastful speech and talk about how America had finally prevailed. He was hesitant to do that. He didn’t want to spike the football in the end zone. In-stead, what he wanted to do was ensure that transition was handled properly. The reunification of Germany was a very controversial issue. He knew, ulti-mately, it would be in the interest of the world to reunify East and West Germany, but he did it carefully, dip-lomatically, with respect. He knew Mi-khail Gorbachev was in a tough posi-tion, so he handled the fall of the wall and, more importantly, the transition in Eastern Europe and Central Europe, again, with diplomacy and with respect for Gorbachev and the people—the mil-lions of people who were affected. Of all the major events in which he played a role as Commander in Chief, I think that, in some respects, was the most important one. If you go to East-ern Europe or Western Europe today or Central Europe, all of them have a positive view of George Bush in the role he played and America played dur-ing that time period. Maybe the most well-known role he played as Commander in Chief was Desert Storm. There, he showcased his abilities not just as a President but as a President who had served in combat himself. He understood the need to bring people together—in this case, other countries—to ensure a successful result. Think about this. Over 40 coun-tries were involved in Desert Storm— and hundreds of thousands of troops— all to stop the aggression of Saddam Hussein in the Middle East. He knew Saddam Hussein had to be stopped. It was within his moral fiber that he couldn’t sit back and watch one coun-try move into a smaller country and take over—in this case, the country of Kuwait. So he knew there had to be a decision by America to lead this in-credible coalition of countries all around the Middle East and the world. He also knew that he had to get the American people behind him. I remember that at that point I was Director of the White House Office of Legislative Affairs. Our job was to en-sure that we could support the Presi-dent up here on the Hill, and a lot of people were giving the President advice not to seek approval from Congress for that conflict. The fear was that Con-gress would say no. There was a lot of pushback, and the consensus was that it had to be done. But George Bush believed it was im-portant to involve Congress for two reasons. One, he believed in the institu-tions of our democracy. He believed Congress played an important role. Second, and maybe even more impor-tant to him as a World War II vet, he wanted to get the American people be-hind this. He didn’t want to repeat what he viewed as some of the mis-takes in previous conflicts—Vietnam, in particular—when the American peo-ple were not with our troops. So he wanted to go to Congress to seek ap-proval, and it was a fight. I was up here on this very floor of the Senate, trying to persuade people to do the right thing, to ensure that Saddam Hussein could be removed from Kuwait so people could have a chance in that country to find their own destiny. That vote was won by three votes—three votes. If three Members of the Senate had voted the other way, we would not have received that approval. It was close, but as I look back on it, I must say that George H.W. Bush did the right thing. Of course, we won the vote, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Dec 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04DE6.003 S04DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7261 December 4, 2018 
which makes that comment easier, but the point is that he insisted that we get the American people behind that conflict, and it ended up being not just a relatively popular military fight, which was successful, but one that the American people understood because of the debate that happened here on the floor of the Congress, in the House and Senate, of what the stakes were. He never chose to do things just be-cause they were easy. The easy thing would have been to go ahead without seeking approval from Congress. He made his decisions on what he thought was the right thing to do, and that was the kind of man he was. There has been a lot of talk this week about his ‘‘thousand points of light’’ proposal. The Points of Light foundation continues today doing in-credibly good work all around the country with people volunteering to help other citizens. He believed every-body had a responsibility and an oppor-tunity to be a part of the change that moves our country forward to a better and brighter future, and that is what Points of Light is about. It resonated with so many Americans and continues to spur action and encourage coopera-tion where people give up their time and service. I do think it is just as im-portant to have some bright guiding lights as it is to have the ‘‘thousand points of light,’’ and that is what he provided. He was the guiding light as an example for all the rest of us. Throughout his incredible life he didn’t just tell us what it meant to lead, to serve others, or to be guided by what was right. In fact, that was not his style. He was not the lecturer. He didn’t consider himself a great philoso-pher. He led by example. He showed us. Again, I will be forever grateful for that. He was also a person who put a lot of value on people and on relationships. He believed quite simply that building and strengthening relationships was in-credibly important to building trust, which meant that people could come together to solve problems and which meant that you could achieve con-sensus, more importantly. He put that to work in the Congress. Being a liai-son to Congress was relatively easy be-cause he had so many friends. Even though he had only been here for a cou-ple terms, he had so many friends—Re-publicans and Democrats. Relationship building was important to him. It was also important for him to deepen the ties among nations to cre-ate a stronger, safer, and more pros-perous world—whether it was Mikhail Gorbachev, whom I talked about ear-lier, who was his friend to the end, or whether it was Brian Mulroney, from Canada. I know that tomorrow there will be a number of heads of state who will be here for the funeral. This helped us as a country by having those rela-tionships and building those relation-ships of trust to be able to build a safer and less volatile world. He is known for writing these hand-written notes, and a lot of attention has been paid recently to the class and humility he displayed with the note he left for incoming President Bill Clinton on the day he assumed office, where he wished him well, but it goes beyond that. He was personable and respected ev-erywhere. A lot of his friends were Democrats. One example I thought was striking was a Congressman from Ohio. I am from Ohio, and I knew of this Con-gressman, who was a liberal guy. He was a Democrat named Lud Ashley, from Toledo. His relationship with Lud Ashley transcended politics. They were good friends. I am told that just before his term as President ended, he and Barbara Bush invited two couples to the White House—Lud Ashley, the Democrat from Toledo, and his wife were at that din-ner. It is just another example of George Bush’s reaching out, being a people person first. That aspect earned him a lot of goodwill on Capitol Hill, across both parties. I have been in the habit since the 1990s of going up to Maine, to Kennebunkport, in the summer to visit President Bush, sometimes with mem-bers of my family, sometimes alone, or sometimes with friends. It is always a great visit. It is always an opportunity to talk about people—again, focusing on people. His questions to me were sometimes about policy and what was going on, but often it was about this: What do you think of that Senator or that U.S. representative? What is he like? What is she like? Tell me about them. Until the end he was curious. I was with him in September of this year for our last visit, and although he wasn’t speaking as much, he was as curious as ever and asking questions and, of course, willing to give me a little ad-vice, all of which I treasure. A few years ago, back in 2015, you may re-member that President Bush had a health scare. He had fallen and broken a bone in his neck, and he was in tough shape. I was up there for a visit. I had made plans to visit him before his in-jury occurred, but once it happened I thought I had better do something dif-ferent, a little special. So I got a base-ball, and I wrote: George H.W. Bush, America’s first baseman. I asked if a couple of my colleagues would be will-ing to sign it. Folks, when people found out this baseball was going to George H.W. Bush, everybody wanted to sign it. I got a get-well card about this big— the biggest one I could find—and asked a couple colleagues who would be will-ing to sign it. Folks, everybody wanted to sign it. By the end of the process we had about 95 signatures on that base-ball and on that get-well card. Why? Because everybody wanted to be a part of sending this message to the beloved former President. He loved it, when I handed him the baseball, and, of course, he was very curious to see who had signed it. One of his questions to me, which was typical George Bush, was this: Did so-and-so sign it? The names he recited were some of the more partisan Democrats on the floor. One, as I recall, was whether Harry Reid had signed it, and, sure enough, he had, proudly. That made George Bush so happy. His eyes shown, and he smiled. He knew that those messages of encouragement to him were heartfelt—and they were. Finally, it is impossible to talk about George H. W. Bush without talking about Barbara Pierce Bush. They were a partnership, and what an example for all of us. Seventy-three years to-gether—they were a true team. They put family first, always. That has been a great lesson to my wife Jane and me and our family—to watch how they navigated this crazy political world we were in, and yet they kept their family strong and together to this day. We saw the family yesterday. Every one of those children and grandchildren and now great-grandchildren were com-ing with love and respect for their grandparents and great grandparents. That unconditional support and love that Barbara Bush and George had for one another formed a very equal rela-tionship. Barbara Bush was feisty and opinionated, and George Bush re-spected that, and he respected and loved her. Those relationships in the family are what gave him so much strength, in my view. As much as any-thing, for him it was always about fam-ily as the foundation. He was also a man of deep faith. He didn’t wear it on his sleeve, but he be-lieved that he was going to rejoin Bar-bara. To him that was a blessing. He also believed that he was going to see his daughter Robin, whom they lost way too soon. That was a blessing. As we mourn the death of President George H.W. Bush, we can find comfort in knowing that he has been returned to those beloved family members. Jane and I send our condolences to the entire Bush family and to his many, many close friends. At the close of this truly great American life and this guiding light, let us honor his leg-acy by following his example of patri-otism, public service, and civility. God-speed, George Bush. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Minnesota. Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I rise today to recognize former Presi-dent George H.W. Bush, and I want to thank my colleague Senator P
ORTMAN  from Ohio for those personal memories. I now will always remember that base-ball story. It is an example of what he stood for, and that is that he actually cared that there were people of both parties who would sign that baseball. I want to thank Senator P
ORTMAN for carrying on that torch of working across the aisle. President Bush dedicated his entire life to the United States. His first serv-ice was as a decorated Navy pilot, as we know, who risked his life during World War II and in 1944 was shot down 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Dec 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04DE6.004 S04DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7262 December 4, 2018 
in the Pacific. That selfless sacrifice was not enough. He went on to spend 40 years in public service as a Congress-man from Texas, as an Ambassador to the United Nations, as U.S. Envoy to China, as Director of the CIA, and then, of course, as Vice President and then as President. He wore so many hats during his time in service, but through it all he was a true statesman who treated both his friends and his rivals with grace and dignity. He also viewed the world through the lens of history, which was often the guiding force in his approach to diplo-macy in dealing with the rest of the world. As President, he helped to bring an end to four decades of the Cold War and the threat of nuclear engagement as democracy spread throughout Eastern Europe, and he signed the bipartisan Americans with Disabilities Act, which has had a lasting impact in expanding the rights of Americans with disabil-ities. His commitment to his country was unshakable, and he instilled this value in his own children. For George H.W. Bush, patriotism was bigger than political rivalries. In 1993, as he departed the White House, he left a note, which many of us saw for the first time this week. It was a note that he left for President Clinton, who had defeated President Bush in the Presidential election just two months before he signed that letter. President Bush said: 
You will be our President when you read this note. I wish you well. I wish your family well. Your success is now our country’s suc-cess. I am rooting hard for you. 
He wrote that note just as he was turning over the keys to the Oval Of-fice to someone who had just defeated him in an election campaign. President Bush was someone who fought hard on the campaign trail, but once the votes were cast, he understood the under-lying truth of America—that people with different political views are not enemies, and when all is said and done, we can come together to advance the cause of America, not tear it down. As Senator P
ORTMAN noted, Presi-dent Bush’s death comes less than 8 months after the passing of former First Lady Barbara Bush, his wife of over 73 years. Never one to be a shrink-ing violet, she was fiercely loyal to her family and an outspoken advocate for causes she believed in. I always re-spected her directness. She was her own person. She loved her family and her country. And we remember her this week as well. I was reading a story in our local Minneapolis paper. I did not know that President Bush actually trained in Minnesota in the middle of winter for a few months before he went over to serve in the Pacific. During that time, he wrote a number of letters to his own mother about his service. OK, maybe he complained about the Minnesota weather a little bit, but one of the more amusing parts of those letters was that he told her that Barbara was sending him some socks that she had knit for him down in Texas. He said in the letter that she said they don’t even look like socks, but when he received the socks, he said: They are actually not bad. They are pretty good socks. You literally could follow that part of his life in the letters he was writing back then to his mother. You could see the patriotism shine through. You could see what it was like for him to be away from his family and how much he loved his family. That carried on to the very end of his life. He was still so kind in these notes and so sweet to his fam-ily members and to those who had been his friends for so very long. As we pay tribute to President Bush’s tremendous record of service, we also must stay grounded in his respect for all public servants—not just the ones he agreed with—and his unwavering be-lief, in his own words, that ‘‘no defini-tion of a successful life can do any-thing but include serving others.’’ Of course, that service can come in many forms, as he showed in his own life. Some people may serve in the military. Some people may take on causes out-side of government service and volun-teer. Others may work in law enforce-ment. Others may, of course, get elect-ed or have the privilege to work in this Capitol for the people. President Bush lived that life, and America has lost a true leader. My prayers are with the entire Bush family. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. PORTMAN ). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, on Ocean Avenue in Kennebunkport, ME, stands a simple yet powerful monu-ment, a gift from the people of that small community to a friend and neighbor. The monument is a U.S. Navy anchor, and the friend and neigh-bor was President George Herbert Walker Bush. It is a fitting tribute. President Bush often called the family home at Walker’s Point his ‘‘anchor to the windward,’’ a special place of un-surpassed beauty in a caring commu-nity. Through the years, it has been the place that gave him the strength to face the many challenges he took on in dedicated service to our country. In-deed, every summer of his life George Herbert Walker Bush spent at Walker’s Point, except when he was defending our country during World War II. It is a fitting tribute in another way. As a Navy aviator in World War II, as a Member of Congress, as a Special Envoy to China, as Director of the Cen-tral Intelligence Agency, as Vice Presi-dent and President, George H.W. Bush consistently and vigorously dem-onstrated the values that are the an-chor of American society. Courage, duty, honor, and compassion defined his life. As he encouraged Americans to be ‘‘a thousand points of light’’ through service to others, he himself shone the brightest. He always an-swered the call to serve our country. I had the pleasure of visiting Presi-dent and Mrs. Bush at Walker’s Point many times over the years, and how I looked forward to those annual visits in Kennebunkport. I remember the very first time so well. It was in 1994, and I had just won the Republican pri-mary for Governor of Maine. I received a call from President Bush’s staff invit-ing me to have lunch with him and Mrs. Bush at Walker’s Point. The last time I saw the President was on September 7, just months after President Bush had lost his beloved Barbara and as his own health was rap-idly declining. Yet, as the Presiding Of-ficer well knows, the President re-mained incredibly positive and warm. The qualities that made him such an inspiring leader were undiminished. Throughout our long friendship, President Bush, by his example and by his words, was always so encouraging, kind, and thoughtful. He taught me that you must always do what your heart tells you is right regardless of the consequences. He demonstrated that every difficulty must be met with strength and determination. George Herbert Walker Bush was so kind to others. I remember one year when I visited him, he had completely shaved his head in solidarity with a young boy who was the son of a Secret Service agent who was part of his de-tail. This young boy was undergoing cancer treatments and had lost all of his hair, so President Bush shaved off all of his hair too. That is the kind of individual he was—caring, compas-sionate, and committed. The end of a life so devoted to the highest ideals of the human spirit brings to mind the parable of the tal-ents in the Bible. The master, leaving on a journey, entrusts a servant with a portion of his treasure. Upon his re-turn, the master is delighted to find that his wealth was wisely invested and multiplied. George Herbert Walker Bush was entrusted with the great treasure of principles, determination, and courage. He invested that treasure wisely and multiplied it to the benefit of all—not just here in America but throughout the world. Like the master in the New Testa-ment, to him we say: Well done, good and faithful servant. May God bless him, and may his memory always be anchored in our hearts. Thank you, Mr. President. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CRUZ. Mr. President, I ask unan-imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Dec 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04DE6.005 S04DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7263 December 4, 2018 
Mr. CRUZ. Mr. President, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of Presi-dent George Herbert Walker Bush. This week, American hearts are heavy as we bid farewell to our 41st President. Since we heard the news of his passing just a few days ago, there has been a ceaseless stream of commu-nications and commemorations and testimonies to President Bush’s char-acter from every corner of our Nation— from the worlds of politics, philan-thropy, entertainment, business, the Armed Forces—and from our living ex- Presidents. Even those who were his ri-vals and critics during his public life have returned to praise that life so well and honorably lived. He will be remembered as a good and faithful servant to his country, whose great legacy of leadership and love of homeland became a family tradition. It earned him the admiration of countless Americans and secured him a special place in the memory of every Texan. Over his storied career, President Bush was a war hero and a business-man, a legislator and an Ambassador. His 8 years as Vice President prepared him well for the heavy burdens of the Nation’s highest office in his steering our Nation with a steady and strong hand at the helm through the fall of the Berlin Wall and the first Gulf war. Indeed, of his legacy as President, that calm, steady, strong leadership as America won the Cold War will, no doubt, be his enduring legacy. A great many of us in this body were blessed to know President Bush person-ally and to have had experiences in which he and Barbara touched our lives. For me, my favorite experience with President George Herbert Walker Bush occurred in 2009. In 2009, I was beginning a campaign for attorney general in the State of Texas. It appeared that the job would be vacant, and I was campaigning to fill it. I had never run for office before. President Bush invited me to go to the family home up in Kennebunkport, ME. So I got on a plane, and I flew up to Maine. I remember sitting on that plane, wondering what to say to him, what to ask of him. I didn’t know President Bush; I didn’t know Barbara. I remember, at the end of the day, re-solving that I wasn’t going to ask for anything other than, simply, his ad-vice, to say: Mr. President, you are an elder statesman who has spent decades in public service. What advice would you give to someone running his very first campaign for public office? What path should I endeavor to follow? I had assumed that the meeting would be a 10-, 20-minute meeting, a perfunctory meeting. It was very kind of him to take it, but I didn’t expect much from the meeting. When I sat down, I was amazed, first of all, that he knew everything about the race—all of the potential players who might be running for that posi-tion. He knew a great deal about my background, which had me utterly flab-bergasted because we didn’t know each other. It was obvious he was briefed and prepared before the meeting. He had put in that time. After about 20 minutes, he asked me: T
ED, when is your flight back? I said: Well, it is in a couple of hours. I am flying out of Boston. He said: Can you, maybe, stay and go out on the boat with Barbara and me? I laughed. I said: Mr. President, plane reservations can be easily changed. I will stay here as long as you would like me to. He looked at me—I was wearing a suit—and he said: Well, that is, clearly, not going to do. We had been meeting in an office, which was in a separate building. So he took me to a golf cart, and we drove in the golf cart to the residence. He took me back to his and Barbara’s bedroom. He opened his closet. He pulled out a pair of jeans; he pulled out a shirt; he pulled out a belt with a buckle that read ‘‘President of the United States.’’ It was his buckle. He said: Here, T
ED. Put this on. So I dressed in the President’s clothes, and we went out on the boat. Now, it is worth remembering that President Bush was a former naval avi-ator. He drove the boat and drove it full speed—with the throttle pushed as far as it would go. It was a beautiful, cool summer’s day along the Maine shore, with waves splashing in the air. There was a light rain in the mist. Bar-bara sat at the front of the boat, with rain pelting her face, and she was smil-ing and glowing. At the time, we were in the midst of the so-called Green Revolution in Iran. So I remember asking ‘‘Mr. President, what do you think about what is hap-pening in Iran? What do you think about the changes?’’ and just mar-veling, What on Earth am I doing on this boat, crashing through the waves, listening to President George Herbert Walker Bush give me his thoughts on national security and the interests of the United States? We had, by the way, Secret Service agents in Zodiac boats who were following as fast as they could and were having trouble keeping up with the President. So I ended up having lunch with President Bush and Barbara. We went to a little restaurant where we had some Maine lobster. I ended up spend-ing 4
1⁄2hours with them. When I was getting ready to leave, I was walking to the door, and I was thanking him for spending so much time. He reached in his pocket, and he pulled out a check— a check for $1,000 to my attorney gen-eral campaign. You could have knocked me over with a stick. I am not someone who is known for being at a loss for words, and I, simply, stared at him and stammered. I think I barely got out the words ‘‘thank you,’’ but I was so astonished. The check, simply, read ‘‘from George and Barbara Bush.’’ I got in the rental car and began driving back to the airport. I called Heidi, and I said: Heidi, I just had the most magical, unbelievable day. He didn’t have to do any of that. He didn’t have to give me the time of day. Yet he poured his heart into the people around him, into his family, into his public service, and into his Nation. That was just one, small illustration of the graciousness, the generosity, the humility of spirit that characterized his entire 94 years on this planet. President Bush was the last of the ‘‘greatest generation’’ to sit in the Oval Office, but his resolve will not be lost to the past; it will triumph on-ward. In his words: The old ideas are new again because they are not old; they are timeless: duty, sac-rifice, commitment, and a patriotism that finds its expression in taking part and pitch-ing in. 
The 91st Psalm is sometimes called the soldier’s or the warrior’s psalm be-cause it asks the Lord for protection against a litany of foes, and it promises a refuge and a fortress in Him. It ends with the two most important gifts that can be bestowed on the faithful war-rior: ‘‘I shall satisfy him with a long life and grant him to see my salva-tion.’’ In having enjoyed that first gift, an incredible life of 94 years of making a difference, may President Bush now enjoy the second, bestowed upon a good and faithful servant. Now George and his beloved Barbara are together at last, with their daughter Robin, and they are enjoying a well-deserved rest from their labors. Now his spirit has joined a thousand points of light with his Creator, by whose brilliance may all our works be illuminated and in-spired. President George Herbert Walker Bush leaves behind 6 children, 17 grand-children, and 8 great-grandchildren. He and Barbara were married for 73 years—the longest Presidential mar-riage in the history of the United States. God bless the memory of President George Herbert Walker Bush. God bless the legacy of service that he and Bar-bara instilled in generation after gen-eration of the Bush family. Texas and America are far better for having known and loved him. I yield the floor. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, several years ago, after his 3-year-old daughter Robin passed away from leukemia, George Herbert Walker Bush wrote to his mother about how much he loved and missed his little girl. It is a beau-tiful, almost heartbreaking letter. Near the end, he wrote about his daughter’s continued presence in his life and the life of his family. He said: ‘‘We cannot touch her and yet we feel her.’’ President Bush himself has now passed beyond our reach. Yet, know-ingly or not, we all feel the difference he made in the Nation and in the world. Many of us feel that deep long-ing for a ‘‘kinder, gentler’’ Nation that President Bush promised in his inau-gural address 30 years ago. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:05 Dec 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04DE6.006 S04DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7264 December 4, 2018 
George Herbert Walker Bush was an American patriot who devoted his life to his family and to his country. On his 18th birthday—6 months after Pearl Harbor—he enlisted in the U.S. Navy and became one of the youngest avi-ators in the history of the Navy. He was discharged 1 month after Japan’s surrender, but he never stopped serving America. There is a book entitled ‘‘Flyboys’’ that tells the story of the squadron George Herbert Walker Bush was a part of and the deadly mission they were given in the South Pacific. He flew some 58 missions as a Navy pilot. On his last assignment, he was shot down, and two of his crew were killed in that confrontation. Fortunately for us and for him, he was rescued by a sub-marine. There is a grainy, black-and- white film of his being fished out of the ocean by the American submarine that is still an inspiration to this day. As the 41st President of the United States and the father of the 43rd Presi-dent, he was the linchpin of a political dynasty that spanned four generations. He already had a lifetime of public service before he became President—as a Texas Congressman, Ambassador to the United Nations, Envoy to China, Director of the CIA, and Vice President to Ronald Reagan. Despite his extraordinary achieve-ments, he was a man of remarkable hu-mility. If his syntax sounded a little choppy at times—and Dana Carvey made a fortune imitating him—it was partly due to the fact that George Her-bert Walker Bush had difficulty using the words ‘‘I’’ and ‘‘me.’’ When he was a young boy, his mother taught him that those were the words of braggarts. Riding in the Presidential limousine through streets lined with cheering crowds, he once told a fellow passenger: ‘‘They’re not clapping for me; they’re clapping for the office of the Presi-dent.’’ That was exactly how he thought it should be. I was still a rather new Congressman when George Herbert Walker Bush was President. I sure didn’t agree with all of his policies, as my voting record demonstrates, but that is a discussion for another time. As President Bush’s own life shows us, there is a time for politics, and there is a time to put poli-tics aside and to recall the exceptional lifetime of service he gave to our Na-tion. President Reagan helped hurry the end of the Cold War, but it fell to President George Herbert Walker Bush to successfully navigate the aftermath. When the Berlin Wall fell in 1989, he insisted there would be no gloating or triumphalism from his administration. His low-key approach helped set the tone for our NATO allies, and it helped make possible the peaceful end of the Soviet Union. Never before had such a heavily armed empire ended with so little turmoil or bloodshed in its final days. In the 2 years before the collapse of the Soviet Union, President Bush and then-Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev successfully negotiated the START nuclear arms treaty. Under President George Herbert Walker Bush, we saw the largest reduction in nuclear weapons in history, and America and the world are safer today because of it. If you want to see the world’s endur-ing respect for President Bush, look at the statesmen and stateswomen ex-pected to attend his memorial service tomorrow at the National Cathedral. Among them are Mikhail Gorbachev, his partner in historic change, and Ger-man Chancellor Angela Merkel, who grew up in Communist East Germany. It is said that the Germans today credit George Herbert Walker Bush more than any person for their success-ful reunification. He knew that Amer-ica is stronger when we work with partners than when we imagine we can somehow go it alone. When Iraqi troops invaded Kuwait in 1990, George Herbert Walker Bush methodically assembled an international coalition to push them back. He left his mark on domestic policy as well. He fought for and in 1990 signed the Americans with Disabilities Act— one of the greatest civil rights laws in our Nation’s modern history. President Bush was a committed con-servative and a Texan by choice. He had close ties to the oil industry, but he believed in science. What a welcome change it would be in Washington today if his party felt the same. Presi-dent George Herbert Walker Bush un-derstood that poisoning our planet is not just unfair to future generations, it is bad for business, and it is bad for our economy. He helped build bipartisan support—this Republican President helped build bipartisan support—and signed the Clean Air Act of 1990, strengthening the Federal Govern-ment’s role and protecting the very air we breathe. He signed the Global Change Research Act of 1990, estab-lishing an interagency Federal council to improve understanding of global change and to devise a plan to reduce the risks of climate catastrophe. What a sharp contrast to the current admin-istration. George Herbert Walker Bush’s work was the work of a leader. Between 1980 and 1990, America’s budget deficit tripled to $220 billion, driven largely by the Reagan-era tax cuts. In 1990, with a lot of criticism, President Bush had the courage to sign a tax increase—as President Reagan had before him—to help pay down the deficit for future generations. He put the interests of future generations ahead of his own short-term political advantage, and he paid a heavy price in the next election. He may have even lost because of it. Years later, he re-ceived a Profile in Courage Award for that leadership. In his inaugural address, President Bush said that the real strength and greatness of America came from ‘‘a thousand points of light’’—the count-less acts of decency and compassion we show to each other and to those in need. In his post-Presidential years, he remained a committed advocate for volunteerism, community, and na-tional service. He was active in domes-tic and global humanitarian activities, often alongside former President Bill Clinton, an old political opponent turned ally. In 1995, after a domestic terrorist bombed the Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City, killing 168 people and injuring 680 more, the National Rifle Association sent out a fundraising let-ter denouncing the Federal agents of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms as ‘‘jack-booted thugs.’’ Former President George Herbert Walker Bush reacted with anger. He de-nounced that vitriol by the NRA as ‘‘a vicious slander on good people.’’ He publicly resigned his NRA lifetime membership, placing conscience ahead of political calculation. Like John McCain and others who have personally experienced the terror of war, George Herbert Walker Bush did not confuse politics with war. He did not mistake political opponents for enemies. He understood that people can have differences of opinion and both still love the country. Our sadness at losing him seems partly a reflection for our own deep, deep yearning as a nation today for the kind of leadership and character and integrity and honesty and courage that he brought to the Office of Presidency. In his first inaugural address, Presi-dent Lincoln pleaded with a nation on the knife’s edge of war. He said: 
We are not enemies, but friends. We must not be enemies. 
Lincoln urged us to be guided ‘‘by the better angels of our nature.’’ In his own inaugural address, Presi-dent George Herbert Walker Bush also spoke of all Americans as friends. Let me read two short sections of his re-marks. 
My friends, we are not the sum of our pos-sessions. They are not the measure of our lives. In our hearts, we know what matters. We cannot hope only to leave our children a bigger car, a bigger bank account. We must hope to give them a sense of what it means to be a loyal friend, a loving parent, a citizen who leaves his home, his neighborhood and town better than he found it. And what do we want the men and women who work with us to say when we’re no longer there? That we were more driven to succeed than anyone around us? Or that we stopped to ask if a sick child had gotten better and stayed a moment there to trade a word of friendship? 
President George Bush went on to say: 
America is never wholly herself unless she is engaged in high moral principle. We as a people have such a purpose today. It is to make kinder the face of the nation and gentler the face of the world. . . . My friends, we have work to do. 
As a tribute to George Herbert Walk-er Bush, who lies in state in the Ro-tunda of the U.S. Capitol—the 32nd per-son to be so honored in our history—let us try to remember we are not enemies but friends, and may we summon the courage, the wisdom, and the humility to put the interests of our Nation and our world ahead of self-interest. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:05 Dec 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04DE6.008 S04DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7265 December 4, 2018 
In closing, my wife Loretta and I send our deepest condolences to Presi-dent Bush, his family, and all who knew and loved him. 
f 
BICENTENNIAL OF ILLINOIS Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, in 1830, a family of dirt-poor farmers moved to Illinois. In the previous 14 years, this family had moved from Kentucky to Indiana, always eking out a bare sub-sistence. In Illinois, they hoped their luck might finally improve. After helping his father establish a small farm, the family’s 21-year-old son struck out on his own. In the little vil-lage of New Salem, he found work as a shopkeeper, postmaster, and a member of the Illinois State Legislature. On April 15, 1837, that young man moved to Springfield, Illinois’ capitol. There, this self-taught man began a successful law practice. He married, and he and his wife welcomed four sons. His 23 years in Springfield were the happiest of his life. When he left his adopted hometown in the late winter of 1861, he told the friends and neighbors and well-wishers who crowded to the train depot to see him off: ‘‘To this place, and the kind-ness of these people, I owe everything.’’ He hoped he would return one day, but it wasn’t to be. On April 15, 1961, 28 years to the day after he first arrived in Springfield, President Lincoln was killed by an as-sassin’s bullet. He died just days after the end of the Civil War, the ‘‘fiery trial’’ through which he had steered our Nation—the cataclysm that finally ended America’s original sin of slavery. Most historians rate Abraham Lin-coln as America’s greatest President, and I agree. We who live in Illinois are proud to call our State ‘‘The Land of Lincoln.’’ Illinois had entered the Union as America’s 21st State only 11 years be-fore Lincoln’s father Thomas moved his family there. Yesterday, Tuesday, December 3, Illi-nois celebrated our 200th anniversary as a State. To commemorate this his-toric anniversary, Senator D
UCKWORTH  and I introduced a resolution that passed the Senate earlier this year. An identical resolution was introduced in the U.S. House of Representatives, where Abraham Lincoln served one term in the late 1840s. Let me tell you about my home State. Illinois stretches from the Wis-consin border in the north to the Ken-tucky border in the southeast. The southernmost point in our State, the town of Cairo, Illinois, lies farther south than Richmond, VA. We also border Lake Michigan to the northeast, Indiana to the east, Mis-souri to the west, and Iowa to the northwest. You could fit Switzerland, Denmark, Belgium, Albania, and Cy-prus inside Illinois’ borders; that is how large Illinois is. If Illinois were an independent na-tion, our economy, valued at over $820 billion, would be the 19th largest econ-omy in the world, just ahead of Saudi Arabia. We are the fifth-largest economy among U.S. States, and we are among the top States in exports, value-added manufacturing, and agricultural in-come. The deep black soil of much of north-ern and central Illinois is among the finest in the world. More than 75 per-cent of Illinois is still covered by farms, more than 72,000 of them. While this year marks Illinois 200th anniversary as a State, societies have flourished in Illinois for over a millen-nium. Near Collinsville, IL, across the Mis-sissippi River from St. Louis, is the Cahokia Mounds State Historic Site, the remains of the most sophisticated prehistoric native civilization north of Mexico. Historians estimate that Cahokia was first settled around 700 A.D. By 1250 A.D., Cahokia was larger than London. The flat-topped pyramids built by its inhabitants are as tall as the Great Pyramid of Giza. Next came the Illinois Confederation, about a dozen Native American Tribes. The first Europeans to reach Illinois, French explorers, arrived in the 17th century. Most of the French Illinois following the nearly decade-long French and Indian War in the mid-18th century. Then came the English set-tlers and colonists from many of Amer-ica’s 13 original States. In the 1840s, Illinois, like most of America, experienced great waves of European immigrants, starting with the Germans and Irish, followed by im-migrants came from Poland, Hungary, Italy, Norway, Sweden, Austria, and Russia. During World War I, the Great Migra-tion began, the steady flow of African Americans from the Jim Crow South to the major industrial centers of the North, and Chicago was the Mecca of the Great Migration. You can see and hear and taste our immigrant roots in the vibrant, ethnic neighborhoods of Chicago and in cities and towns and villages throughout our State. Illinois is home to many firsts. In February 1865, Illinois became the first State to ratify the 13th Amendment, outlawing slavery and involuntary ser-vitude in America. The first skyscraper in the entire world was built in Chicago in 1885. The world’s first Ferris wheel debuted at the Chicago World’s Fair in 1893. Chi-cago gave the world the first televised presidential debate . . . the first suc-cessful open-heart surgery . . . and the world first self-controlled nuclear reac-tion. Evanston, the home Northwestern University, is also the birthplace of the ice cream sundae. The first McDonald’s in the world was in Des Plaines. Lake Michigan is the largest body of fresh-water in a world that is fast running out of water. Illinois is a land of ingenuity and in-vention. In 1900, after vents threatened the safety of Chicago’s water supply, engineers built a series of canal locks that actually reversed the flow of the Chicago River, a feat that was named a ‘‘civil engineering monument of the millennium’’ by the American Society of Civil Engineers in 1999. Illinois inventors have contributed to inventions from meatpacking and blood-banking, to the farm silo, the zipper, the vacuum cleaner, the me-chanical dishwasher, the wireless re-mote control, and the cell phone. Illinois has sent its sons and more than a few of its daughters to fight for this Nation in war after war. Today, it is home to 20,000 Active- Duty members of America’s Armed Forces, 24,000 members of the reserved forces, and more than 643,000 veterans who risked their lives to protect all of us. My partner in this body, Senator TAMMY DUCKWORTH , is a proud example of the courage and dignity and self-sac-rifice of Illinois veterans. Let me tell you about some of the other remarkable men and women Illi-nois has given to our world. They include champions of justice such as Jane Addams, the first Amer-ican woman to receive the Nobel Peace Prize for her work a century ago found-ing Hull House and helping poor fami-lies, especially immigrant families, to achieve their American dream. Other Illinois champions of justice include Clarence Darrow, the legal champion of underdogs, and Betty Bloomer, whose courage in helping to reduce the stigma surrounding both breast cancer and addiction has saved untold numbers of lives. The world knows her better as First Lady Betty Ford. Illinois comedians from Jack Benny to Robin Williams, John Belushi, and Richard Pryor have made the world laugh. Illinois singers and musicians, including Miles Davis, Sam Cooke, Nat King Cole, Mahalia Jackson, and the Staple Singers, have made the world sing and dance—and maybe even work for justice and peace. Illinois story-tellers, including Walt Disney and Er-nest Hemingway, have captivated view-ers and readers for generations. In the field of sports, the Chicago Cubs have taught generations of fans the virtue of patience, going more than a century before once again winning the World Series in 2016. Chicago has more than its share of sports champions. The Chicago Bears won the Super Bowl in 1986. The Chi-cago White Sox won the World Series in 2005. The Chicago Blackhawks clinched the Stanley Cup in 2010, 2013, and 2015. The Chicago Bulls, led by the leg-endary Michael Jordan, won the NBA championship every year from 1991 through 1993 and from 1996 through 1998. Illinois is the home State of Presi-dent Ronald Reagan, and the adopted 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:05 Dec 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04DE6.009 S04DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7266 December 4, 2018 
home State of President Barack Obama, America’s first African-Amer-ican President. It is also home to the first African- American woman ever to serve in this body, Senator Carol Moseley-Braun. The author and poet Carl Sandburg, another son of Illinois, wrote, ‘‘Noth-ing happens unless first we dream.’’ In Illinois’ 200 years as a State, its sons and daughters have never stopped dreaming of ways to make life better and fairer, and working to make those dreams come true. As we begin our third century as a member of this great Union, we intend to continue that proud tradition. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Missouri. 
f 
REMEMBERING GEORGE H.W. BUSH Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I am hon-ored to join my colleagues here to talk about President Bush. The outpouring of appreciation from the country has been significant. His son, the 43rd President, said that it takes a long time for the determina-tions of history to come in. I think the 41st President had almost 25 years for people to begin to put his Presidency in the right kind of historical reference, the right context of looking back and seeing not only what happened then but what has happened since then be-cause of what happened then. I am pleased that he and Barbara were able to live long enough after that signifi-cant Presidency to see what happened. Certainly in Missouri, we claim part of the Bush family. His mother grew up in Missouri. The Walkers were from Missouri. He treated Missouri like it was one of the States that he was con-nected to by relationship. His grand-father and later his Uncle Herbert and the rest of the family would go in the summer to Walker’s Point, named after that Missouri part of his family, just like the Walker Cup is named after that part of his family. The impact of his mother is pretty great. I heard the President talking the other day, in an interview with Jenna Bush, about whom he would look for when he got to Heaven. That was a cou-ple of years ago, I think. He said: Well, if Barbara has gone there first, I think the right answer would be that I am going to look for her first. But then he said: I think my mom and my dad, and he said their daughter Robin, whom they lost when she was 3 years old. So his mother was an important part of his life. You could tell that when talking to him or to his children, when they remembered their grandmother, and you could see a lot of what she taught him in him, including that com-petitive nature. They don’t name sporting cups after your family unless your family begins in competition. There was that competitive nature, but that was also based on never bragging about yourself. To be a real competitor like the President was and not brag about yourself is not always an easy thing, but, certainly, maybe to his po-litical detriment, it was part of his up-bringing. Another part of his upbringing in-cluded, in many ways, the best values of that World War II generation: Stand up straight, take responsibility, share credit, and take blame. Those were all part of who George Herbert Walker Bush had become—that idea that you should do what you are supposed to do and that idea of the importance of service to others. If you are going to be part of the team, if you are President Bush—I heard Jon Meacham, his biog-rapher, say that he tried to kind of get into the depth of that: What about this commitment to service, and aren’t there lots of ways to do that, and can’t you have service without recognition? But President Bush, understanding the conflict, actually, in what he believed and the profession he had pursued said: Well, there is nothing wrong if you are going to be on the team to want to be captain of the team, whether it is cap-tain of the Yale baseball team, which he was, or the President of the United States. The Yale baseball team leads me to another thing that the Presiding Offi-cer and I know when we think about him; that is, the willingness as a young man to serve—and to serve imme-diately. In fact, at 17, still in high school, after Pearl Harbor, he talked about going to Canada to join the Ca-nadian Air Corps because you could do that at 17, but in our country you couldn’t join the Air Corps until 18. There was no Air Force yet. It was the Army Air Corps or the Navy Air Corps. He was persuaded by, I assume, his mom and dad, and others, by saying: Well, let’s finish high school first, and then when you are 18, you can join the U.S. Air Corps. He did that, I believe, on his 18th birthday, or really close to his 18th birthday, to become then the youngest aviator in the war at the time when he got his flying credentials and serving in that way. That was part of that generation. Then, the war was over, and he and Barbara get married right before the war ended. Then he goes to college. That young man with a wife and a baby goes to college and becomes the cap-tain of the baseball team. He was a man with really always great athletic ability and great grace in so many ways. He had grace under pressure and grace with others, but grace in sports, as well, and the ability to do that. Now, when you are the captain of the Yale baseball team, you can talk a lot about the team instead of yourself. When you decide to enter politics, there is an almost total contradiction between pursuing political office and not talking about yourself. It just doesn’t quite work that way. You have to be willing to do that. We could al-ways see in President Bush that reluc-tance to cross the line his mother had taught him and talk about himself and talk about his accomplishments. Even at his best, he was held back, in many ways, by that reluctance—what he would see as bragging on himself. His public service was significant and broad-based. I believe you could make the case that perhaps no one had ever been better prepared to be President than George Herbert Walker Bush, but in that effort to become President, you have to run first. I remember in 1980 hearing Barbara Bush talking about this. I remember this because it was so unusual. I don’t remember anybody else saying anything like this when they decided to run for President in 1980. When he ran for President, I heard Barbara Bush say this when asked: This guy has run for Congress once; it is the only elected office he has ever had, the House of Representatives and reelected. And she said: Yes, but George has a big family and thousands of friends. Now we see, at the end of his life, how that network of friends continued to be an important part of who he was, but I don’t recall a single other person ever successfully running for President on the basis that he had a big family and lots of friends. But that was his unique way to associate with people, which included the thousands of letters he wrote. As the Vice President said yesterday, he wrote to friends over the years, and as it turned out, in retire-ment. He wrote letters to almost any-body who would write him. He would respond as, again, his mother probably taught him to do: If somebody takes the time to write you, you take the time to write them back. He was a man of appreciation and thank-you notes and sympathy notes. So that network of friends and family eventually be-came very important. Now, where I live in Missouri, we were the ultimate bellwether State for about 100 years. My friend from Ohio would come close to being able to take that crown for a while. Ohio has usu-ally been a winner in Presidential elec-tions. But for 100 years, from 1904 to 2004, we voted for the winner every time but one. So that last part of that—that last 20 years of that time period—very much is the time period where President Bush 41 and Bush 43, for that matter, were part of national politics. Missouri would have been a signifi-cant place for him anyway. His brother lived there—his younger brother Bucky, who passed away in the last few years—and Ambassador Burt Walker was there. So there are lots of inter-related and connected family members. So we saw Candidate Bush and then Vice President Bush and then Presi-dent Bush in our State a lot. I was the elected secretary of State when he was Vice President, and I was the secretary of State when he was President. So I had the chance to benefit from know-ing him. I had a chance to go to Walker’s Point a few times and to go to church with the Bushes. If you were with the Bushes on a Sunday, either you were 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:05 Dec 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04DE6.004 S04DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7267 December 4, 2018 
going to be left by yourself or you were going to go to church, because that was as much a part of who President Bush was as anything else—maybe a bigger part than anything else. He said that in his faith—the Epis-copal faith. Maybe he wasn’t about sharing publicly his faith, but he was absolutely committed to his faith. In fact, he raised the money to build a chapel at Camp David during his Presi-dency. There had not been a chapel there before. A number of Presidents, starting with Franklin Roosevelt, had used Camp David, but it was President Bush who decided: Well, church serv-ices on Sunday in the cafeteria could be in a better place; let’s do what we can. So he raised the money privately to build the chapel that is there today. The Missouri connection goes a little bit further. Not only did Missouri vote for President Bush in 1988—and if my story is going to have any truth to it, I would have to point out that Missouri voted for Bill Clinton in 1992, because we were still voting for the winner by pretty much the margin of whatever the national average was in the last 50 years of that 100-year saga. After Desert Storm, President Bush looked around to find a place to do the first Fourth of July parade, and he came to Marshfield, MO, in the county where I was born—Webster County. I was going to be grand marshal of the parade that year, as I recall, but when it became apparent that the President wanted to come to be in that parade, I was more than willing to concede that he should be the grand marshal of that parade, and I walked not too far behind him. Then, in 1992, after the convention— I believe it was the first kickoff—the first campaign kickoff was at Branson, MO, and I had the chance to be there with him. We went to a country music show at the Moe Bandy Theater. Loret-ta Lynn was sitting with the President and Mrs. Bush, and their good friend from Texas, Moe Bandy, was per-forming. That was a part of America and a part of our music that the Presi-dent loved. I think the kickoff rally itself was outside in the parking lot, at Silver Dollar City, and the Herschend family was there. JoDee Herschend just this week died, as well, after a long fight with cancer. All of those connections go back to the big family and thousands of friends. There was nowhere in that ma-trix that I just talked about where President Bush didn’t leave with more friends than he had when he came— friends whom many times he figured out how to develop a lifelong connec-tion to. All of us could use more of that skill. There is social media and the quick re-sponse, but the letter writing and the phone calling and the thinking about when you need to reach out to people in a way they can transparently feel it continues to be important. The other things are not unimportant, either, but his connectedness took a little more ef-fort than some of ours do. Let me just say, in terms of prepara-tion and how it paid off, he was CIA Di-rector, a Member of Congress, one of the very first Envoys to China, before we had official relationships, Envoy to the United Nations, Vice President of the United States, and his making con-nections and contacts and friendships. There was Desert Storm. Saddam Hussein invades Kuwait, and the Presi-dent says: ‘‘This will not stand.’’ He as-sembled what may have been the great-est coalition of nations at any time. The nations that weren’t willing to fight were often willing to help others to pay for the fight. I don’t know if anybody else could have put that coali-tion together the way President Bush did, but he put that coalition together with maximum force and to guarantee minimum loss and suddenly freed Ku-wait and showed that the United States was still going to stand up for people who couldn’t stand up for themselves. Then, there was the collapse of the Soviet Union. We have just enough time now to look back. I have heard many others over the last few days talk about how that could have gone so badly wrong for all of the other coun-tries that were trying to emerge from the domination of Russia and the So-viet Union. But George Herbert Walker Bush was on the phone, reaching out, talking to leaders, saying the things that actually had just been predicted by the West Germans themselves to be impossible—that, somehow, East Ger-many could become part of West Ger-many. That is exactly what happened. The President encouraged, stood be-side, and went out of the way to be sure that Helmut Kohl, the leader of West Germany, had the kind of support that he and his government needed. He reached out to bring this country, which had been isolated for 40 years, back as part of their country and into the country. So all of these East Euro-pean countries that were emerging from Soviet domination had a chance to move from domination to democ-racy. That would not have happened the way it happened if somebody less prepared and less capable had been there. Character paid off then, and character is being recognized today for the value it has. As thousands have walked by the casket in the Rotunda of the Capitol of the United States of America, millions of others have thought about what a life of character means, about what the willingness to take responsibility means, and about how important it is to share credit, to take blame, to be prepared, and to be-lieve there is great value and virtue in serving others. That is what George Herbert Walker Bush did. As we think back at the impact he and Mrs. Bush and their family have had on the country, there is a great lesson to be learned. I hope we are all taking time to learn it. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Delaware. Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, the Pre-siding Officer knows I spent a little time in the Navy. So did my father. My father enlisted in the Navy right before World War II broke out. He was not 18. George Herbert Walker Bush, I think on his 18th birthday, just out of high school, enlisted in the Navy as a sea-man second class. About a year later, he was off to Corpus Christi Naval Air Station, where I earned my wings as a naval flight officer a long time ago. He became an ensign, I think at the age of 19, and became, maybe, the youngest Navy pilot around that time that they had in the Navy, if you can believe that. A year or so later, I think in Sep-tember of 1943, he was on the USS San Jacinto in the Pacific and flew avenger bombers with the 3rd Fleet and 6th Fleet. When you think about it, at that point in time he must have been about 20 years old, flying avenger bombers. That is pretty amazing. When I was 20 years, I was a sopho-more or junior at Ohio State. The idea of flying missions, as we did stuff in the summers with Navy ROTC in Cor-pus Christi, flying airplanes and so forth—to be flying missions in the Pa-cific theater in the middle of World War II is pretty astounding. In 1944, he would have been maybe 20 years old, not quite 21. He was a lieu-tenant JG. I think I made lieutenant JG when I was 22 or so. But later that year, in 1944, when he was still about 20 years old, he was shot down off the coast of Chichijima by a Japanese anti- aircraft flier while flying a mission to bomb an enemy radio site located on the Bonin Islands about 600 miles south of Japan. In some of my missions dur-ing the Vietnam war, we flew by there. He was rescued by the U.S. submarine Finback after he had floated around the ocean for a while in an inflated raft. God bless the folks on the Finback. They somehow found out he was out there and found him. It was like find-ing a needle in a haystack. I have done a fair number of search and rescue mis-sions out of a P–3 airplane. To find somebody on a little dingy from an air-plane is hard enough, but to find them from a submarine is even more dif-ficult. It is miraculous to me that on September 2, 1944, they found him and saved him. In November of 1944, he returned to his ship, the USS San Jacinto, and par-ticipated in operations in the Phil-ippines until his squadron was sent home. I have some fond memories of operating missions in the South China Sea out of the Philippines and off the coast of Southeast Asia. But his career took him there. I think at that time he was about 21, an old guy, in the Navy. A year or so later, in September of 1945, he was discharged from the Navy. He had served 58 combat missions dur-ing World War II, for which he was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross. You don’t get much better than a Distinguished Flying Cross. So there were three air medals—I had one, and this guy had three—and the Presi-dential Unit Citation awarded to his 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Dec 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04DE6.012 S04DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7268 December 4, 2018 
ship, of which he was a member for a number of years. That is one heck of a record for a guy who signed up as a sea-man second class at the age of 18 and 3 years later finished up after flying all those missions when he was 21. I am still thinking about what I was doing when I was 21. I wasn’t doing this. I was looking forward to going into the Navy on Active Duty and ended up in Southeast Asia with John McCain, from Arizona, one of our colleagues and the Presiding Officer’s wingman in the Senate for a number of years. I had never met George Bush when he was on Active Duty or in the Navy. I was not yet born. My dad served about the same time, never at the same time at the same duty station, although they both spent a fair amount of time in airplanes. My dad was a chief petty officer. My guess is that George Bush got pretty good leadership training from his parents, but, starting from the age of 18, the Navy took over and provided him with exceptional leadership train-ing. I would like to think some oth-ers—including John McCain, hopefully yours truly, and some others with whom we served, not just in World War II but in subsequent wars, including Vietnam and even today—received great leadership training in the mili-tary. George Herbert Walker Bush was trained, as was I and as were many of our peers, that leaders are humble, not haughty. Think about that: Leaders are humble, not haughty. Speeches were given last week as we gathered in the Capitol, and thousands of people have walked by his casket since. If there was ever a leader I have met who was humble, not haughty, it was George Herbert Walker Bush. He was trained that leaders lead by their example. It is not do as I say, but do as I do. That is what he was like. He had the heart of a servant throughout his life. I can’t remember all of the dif-ferent roles in which he served. Maybe our Presiding Officer can help me; maybe the Senator from Tennessee who has joined me can fill in the blanks. But it was a pretty amazing ca-reer, which includes jobs I wasn’t even mindful of. A lot of us remember he was head of the CIA. Everybody knows he was President and Vice President. But there were so many other jobs— Ambassador to China and a host of other challenging positions—that he fulfilled every step of his life. He was a Congressman and served in the House for 4 years. This is really in-structive; if Senator A
LEXANDER would correct me if I am wrong, my recollec-tion is that he ran for the U.S. Senate not once but twice and was not suc-cessful either time. Sometimes we learn more when we are unsuccessful than when we are successful. He was the kind of leader who thought that part of being a leader is staying out of step when everybody else is marching to the wrong tune. He was the kind of leader who felt that a leader should be aspirational and ap-peal to people’s better angels. He was the kind of leader who surrounded him-self with really good people. I have known a bunch of them, and so have some of you. He surrounded himself with exceptional people. He was the sort of leader who, when the team did well, he would give credit to the team, and when the team fell short, he would take the blame. He was one of those leaders who actually sought to unite people, not divide peo-ple. We hear a lot these days about building bridges and building walls. He was a bridge builder, never much for building walls. One of my favorite quotes about poli-tics is that our friends come and go, but our enemies accumulate. All of those years, the people he ran against—Bill Clinton certainly comes to mind, but others, as well—had great affection for him and loved him. There is some secret there that the rest of us could probably learn from. The other thing I am especially mindful of him as a leader is that he was interested in doing what was right—not what was easy or expedient, but what was right. He treated other people the way he wanted to be treat-ed—the Golden Rule. He was interested in doing things well, and he wanted people around him to do things well— sort of like, if it isn’t perfect, make it better. He was not one to give up. For those reasons, and others, I would like to say that he was the kind of leader we need more of in both par-ties—here, in the executive branch, and in other branches of our government. We could use more like him, men and women. But those of us who were lucky enough to be around him, to learn from him, and to see him in action, whether he was successful or not—it was a great opportunity for us. I have the opportunity now to serve as the senior Democrat on the Environ-ment and Public Works Committee; our chair is JOHNBARRASSO . The chair-man of the HELP Committee is here on the floor today, Senator A
LEXANDER . He and I, in earlier days—when he was a member of the Public Works Com-mittee—worked on the Clear Skies leg-islation. President George W. Bush, the son of President George Herbert Walk-er Bush, proposed something called Clear Skies legislation—sulfur dioxide, nitrogen oxide, and mercury. As I re-call, Senator A
LEXANDER and I, maybe along with Senator Voinovich of Ohio, worked on something. I call it ‘‘Really Clear Skies’’ because sulfur dioxide, ni-trogen oxide, and mercury make CO
2, carbon dioxide. Much has been made of late of the en-vironmental record of Richard Nixon. I never thought I would be extolling the virtues of Richard Nixon as our Presi-dent, but I have quite a bit in the last several years as the senior Democrat on the Environment and Public Works Committee. I am the only Democrat I know who quotes President Nixon. Richard Nixon said, among other things, that the only people who don’t make mistakes are people who don’t do anything. Isn’t that good? The only people who don’t make mistakes are people who don’t do anything. We all make mistakes. I probably learn more from my mistakes than from the things I have done right. People talk about the environmental legacy of Richard Nixon. He signed leg-islation creating the EPA; he signed legislation creating the Clean Air Act; he signed legislation creating the Clean Water Act. He did some amazing stuff, for a Republican President, with respect to the environment. Not as much has been made of George Herbert Walker Bush’s environmental record, but I have some notes that I am going to refer to here to help refresh my memory and maybe expand a little on what others know. In the House of Representatives, when we were working on the 1990 amendments of the Clean Air Act, I had the opportunity to coauthor a cou-ple of little pieces of that legislation, which he actually signed, so I feel a sense of ownership. He, as President, signed into law the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990. On the Friday after Thanksgiving, a couple of weeks ago, here in our Na-tion’s Capital, 13 Federal agencies re-leased a major report laying out the alarming impact that climate change is having on the environment, our pub-lic health, our economic growth, and our weather. I never thought I would see the day when we are measuring rainfall by the foot instead of by the inches. I never thought I would be see-ing wildfires in California, Montana, Washington State, and Oregon that are bigger than my State of Delaware. I never thought I would see this many category 5 hurricanes. I never thought I would see two 500-year floods in Ellicott City, MD, just a short way up the road here. They didn’t come every 500 years; they came one year after the other. I never thought I would see that kind of weather. These Federal agencies put out a re-port a couple of weeks ago, laying out some of the alarming impacts that cli-mate change is having on our environ-ment, public health, economic growth, and our weather. That report is known as the ‘‘National Climate Assessment.’’ It is put out every 4 years as a result of an act signed in 1990 called the Global Change Research Act of 1990. Who signed it? Why, it was President George Herbert Walker Bush who signed it into law all those years ago. The 41st President raised the alarm decades ago about a threat that he re-ferred to as the ‘‘ozone hole.’’ That is what he called it, the ozone hole. The Clean Air Act of 1990, which he signed into law, hoped to implement the Mon-treal Protocol, a landmark inter-national treaty to deal with the prob-lem. The protocol is highly widely re-garded as a success. The treaty is wide-ly regarded as a success. A couple of years after that, he helped form the United Nations framework. If I am not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Dec 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04DE6.013 S04DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7269 December 4, 2018 
mistaken, I think he was maybe our Ambassador to the United Nations as well. In 1992, he helped form the United Nations Framework Convention on Cli-mate Change, which has now been em-braced by every nation on Earth and is taking place this very week in Poland. Countries from throughout the world are there. I mentioned earlier the 1990 amend-ments of the Clean Air Act, which turned out to be some of the most im-portant environmental laws that we have on our books in this country, and that law enabled the government to control the nearly 200 toxic substances that are present in our air and pose threats to human health. That same law paved the way for cleaner running cars and clean fuels that have dramati-cally reduced pollution from smog. I can remember when I was in the Navy, spending part of the summer at the Long Beach Naval Station on a big jumbo tanker. I like to run, and I re-member running close to L.A. in the summer—late sixties. I remember on some days that I ran, I felt I was doing more damage to my lungs than I was doing good for my body, running and breathing that kind of air. The air in California was awful. It is not perfect today, but it is a whole lot better, ex-cept when there are all these fires they have to put up with. According to the EPA, the 1990 amendments of the Clean Air Act, over the first 20 years of enactment, have also prevented 160,000 premature deaths, reduced illnesses and diseases related to air pollution, and spurred $2 trillion in overall economic benefits. I will end with this. In February of 1990, President Bush said this about our changing climates. I want to quote him. He said: 
We all know that human activities are changing the atmosphere in unexpected and in unprecedented ways. Much remains to be done. Many questions remain to be answered. Together, we have a responsibility to our-selves and the generations to come to fulfill our stewardship obligations. 
Those are his words. Those words and the positions he took and the work his administration did on this front show real leadership and, maybe, the cour-age to stay out of step when everyone else is marching to the wrong tune and a willingness to step up and address that unprecedented challenge that is before us. He lived to be 94. He was active and vibrant almost to the end. I think a number of us have had the opportunity to serve as Governor with both of his sons and to know them as friends and leaders of our country. The legacy of their dad lives on through the children he and Barbara helped raise. We miss his personality. We miss his warmth and his good humor. We miss his affection, and we miss his leader-ship. I hope our colleagues and, cer-tainly, I can learn from his example and learn again over and over again from the example he set to do the right thing, even when it is not easy. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I am delighted to hear the Senator from Delaware discuss some aspects of Presi-dent Bush’s time that aren’t as well re-membered, including his amendments to the Clean Air Act, on which the Sen-ator from Delaware and I have worked. In June of 1992, President George Herbert Walker Bush and his wife Bar-bara were walking across the South Lawn on a hot, sunny day to make a major announcement about school choice. Barbara turned to the Presi-dent and said: George, you have on the wrong pants. The President of the United States turned around, walked back in the White House, changed into the proper suit, came back out and made the an-nouncement, one of the biggest of his time as President—to ask the Congress to provide one-half billion dollars to States and cities like Milwaukee and Wisconsin, which wanted to give low- income families choices of better schools for their children. Before that, I can recall a 3 p.m. or so meeting on January 17, 1991. The meet-ing was about educational assess-ment—a very dull subject. The Presi-dent had called it in the Cabinet Room. Governor CARPER will remember edu-cational assessment from his days as Governor. The meeting went on and on. The President got up and left and came back after about 10 minutes. The rest of us thought very little about it. It turned out that, later, we found out he was calling Gorbachev in the Soviet Union to let him know in advance that the United States was about to start bombing Baghdad at about 5:30 that afternoon U.S. time. He had con-structed and put on the public schedule that meeting on educational assess-ment so that the world wouldn’t know what was about to happen. A few weeks later, we were having lunch, and he was mulling over the prospect of putting 1 million American military men and women on the ground in the Middle East in the first Gulf war. He had a special feeling about that because of his background as a combat pilot in World War II. He knew what it meant to risk even one Amer-ican life in that exercise. All of us have memories and stories we could tell about the President, but I want to talk about three aspects of his service very briefly: No. 1, gen-tleman; No. 2, well prepared; No. 3, pio-neer—a pioneer especially in edu-cation. I have suggested to Jon Meacham, the extraordinary biographer of Presi-dent George H.W. Bush, that a better title for his book might be ‘‘The Last Gentleman.’’ Saying that to an author is like saying: You ought to rename your baby something else. That is not a very prudent thing to say. I hope it is not true that he is the last gentleman, but his temperament and conduct when he won and when he lost in war and in peace, with adver-saries and friends, remind us that you can be tough, you can win the Presi-dency, you can be a combat pilot in a world war, and you can still treat oth-ers with respect, which he unfailingly did. I was thinking last night as we stood outside on the steps and watched the casket being brought up—a beautiful evening, the sunset looking out over the Library of Congress, looking out over the Supreme Court—that with all the rancor we sometimes have here, as we work out difficult problems, we are pretty lucky to live in this country. We are pretty lucky to have the form of government that we have. We are ex-traordinarily fortunate that we can produce men and women, like George H.W. Bush, who bring out the best of us, which leads me to my second point: What I think of when I think of our former President, and those are the words ‘‘well prepared.’’ We have had lots of different kinds of Presidents of the United States with varying backgrounds, and many have been successful. It is hard to say ex-actly what will make a President suc-cessful. I actually think temperament has more to do with it than anything else. What we had in President George H.W. Bush may have been the best pre-pared President in our history: Con-gressman, candidate for the Senate, head of his national political party, the first Ambassador to China, head of the United Nations, Vice President of the United States, head of the Central In-telligence Agency. If you are going to put somebody through a training course, a boot camp in order to be President of the United States, that is what you would do. You would take someone of extraordinary intellect, someone who may have grad-uated, in 3 years, Phi Beta Kappa from Yale, with extraordinary courage, and someone who could fly combat—the youngest aviator in World War II. You put them through that boot camp and say: Now you are the President of the United States. How fortunate we were that he hap-pened to be the one who came along then because the things he accom-plished in his 4 years, the things he presided over, the things he led us to do as a country weren’t that easy. Take the disintegration of the Soviet Union. It is a very dangerous situation. They have a lot of nuclear weapons in the Soviet Union and a history of an-tagonism toward much of Europe and the United States. But President Bush, because of his temperament and his skill and the extraordinary team he had around him, presided over that in a way that allowed Mr. Gorbachev and the Soviet Union to come apart. It could have easily gone in another di-rection. There was the reunification of Ger-many. You can be sure that France was skeptical about the reunification of Germany. Wouldn’t you be, as well, if you had been involved in two World Wars in that century with Germany? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Dec 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04DE6.014 S04DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7270 December 4, 2018 
Margaret Thatcher was quietly op-posed to the unification of Germany, according to Vice President Quayle, who should know about such things. Mr. Kohl, from Germany, was for it. Our President had to know those indi-viduals well enough and be adept enough to preside over the reunifica-tion of Germany and the disintegration of the Soviet Union at the same time. Balancing the budget wasn’t popular within the Republican Party. When you look at the portraits of the Presi-dents in the White House, you often think, what did that President do that went beyond his base—that his original supporters might not have agreed with but that put the country first? When you look at Nixon, you think China. When you look at Reagan, you think the Berlin Wall. When you look at George Bush, you think a number of things, but one of the things he did was balance the budg-et in a way that most Republicans didn’t like. He paid a price for it when he ran for reelection, but the country and President Clinton, during the 1990s, benefited greatly from that fact. Then, as Senator C
ARPER pointed out, he led the amendments of the Clean Air Act. I was in East Tennessee these last few weeks. We like the fact that you can see the Great Smoky Mountains, and they are not the ‘‘great smoggy mountains’’ anymore. That is true because of the Clean Air Act, which, more than anything else, has re-quired coal plants when they operate to put pollution control equipment on them. They can still operate. There is nothing to keep a coal plant from oper-ating in this country as long as you put pollution control equipment for mer-cury, nitrogen, and sulfur on it. Then they can be perfectly clean. That doesn’t include carbon, but carbon you can’t see. We like to see the moun-tains. There were the decisions that were made that had to do with exhausts from trucks and cars. America is healthier, cleaner, and we can attract businesses to our State now that our air is clean. Before that, it was a prob-lem. The Americans with Disabilities Act was a difficult law to pass and a dif-ficult law for many parts of our coun-try to accept and, frankly, pay for. Think of the lives it has changed. No one who wasn’t well-prepared for the Presidency could have passed that. As I think of President Bush, I think first of a gentleman; second, well pre-pared; finally, a pioneer in education. Most of the time, when we think of President Bush, we think of his skills in foreign policy because they were considerable, and the challenges were great. For example, I didn’t mention the Gulf War a moment ago—well, I did in a couple of cases, but I didn’t men-tion putting 1 million troops on the ground, getting the rest of the world to pay for most of the war, and then de-ciding not to go into Baghdad and get mired down there. Those were decisions that a skilled, well-prepared man would do. He was also a pioneer in education, and that is what I would like to talk about. In 1989, President George H.W. Bush assembled all the Nation’s Gov-ernors in Charlottesville to talk about education. Terry Branstad, the current Ambassador to China, was then the Chairman of the Governors. Out of that summit came national education goals that every child by the year 2000 would learn math, science, history, and geog-raphy in a proficient way. President Bush then came up with America 2000 in the last 2 years of his term. I was Education Secretary when he launched America 2000. That was to help States and communities reach those national education goals State by State, community by community. So we had Nebraska 2000 and Nashville 2000 as Democrats and Republicans sought to do that. The importance of it was that President George H.W. Bush understood that to have lasting reform in education, it has to be owned by the States. It has to be owned by the com-munity. We saw that in the recent exercise in common core standards. Common core was developed by the Governors. It was moving through the country State by State by State. Then, when the Federal Government mandated it, in effect, there was a great rebellion because there wasn’t buy-in. It was the same situation with teach-er evaluation. I led a fight to evaluate Tennessee teachers, and it was the hardest thing I was ever involved in. There was a big fight with the National Education Association, but we did it, and 10,000 teachers went up the career ladder. They bought into it. When it is ordered from Washington, they don’t buy into it, and President Bush under-stood that. So his national education goals, his voluntary national stand-ards, and his voluntary national tests were all voluntary. They were not im-posed from Washington, DC. He created an environment, through America 2000, where States, cities, and communities could adopt them, and they were last-ing. Most of the steps that States, includ-ing my State of Tennessee, have taken to make schools better in the last 30 years were either started by or encour-aged by George H.W. Bush since the National Governors Summit in 1989. That includes charter schools. In 1991 and 1992, President Bush encouraged every community to create start-from- scratch schools, as he called it, and many did. He created New American Schools Development Corporation with the help of Deputy Education Sec-retary David Kearns and raised about $70 million and gave grants to that. My last act as Education Secretary for President Bush was to write every school superintendent and say: Why don’t you try one of these new charter schools that the Minnesota Demo-cratic-Farmer-Labor Party has cre-ated. There were only 10 at the time in 1992. Those start-from-scratch schools suggested by President George H.W. Bush are now 5,000 charter schools in the country or about 5 percent of all the public schools in America. Then came school choice. I began with the story of his walking across the south lawn to announce the GI bill for kids, to give money to States and districts to encourage school choice. The Democratic Congress, at the time, didn’t appropriate the dollars he asked for, for start-from-scratch schools, and they didn’t appropriate the money for school choice, but his persistent advo-cacy using the bully pulpit gave us na-tional goals, national standards, na-tional tests, accountability systems, school choice, charter schools—all of that—and the difference was, he in-sisted we not have a national school board in the process. His successors all tended to have Washington edicts—President Clinton, President George W. Bush, and Presi-dent Obama. I can understand why they felt that way. They were eager to see results, and so they said let Wash-ington order Texas, Tennessee, and Wisconsin to do it, but, unfortunately, that backfires. That backfired on com-mon core and backfired on teacher evaluation. As soon as we stepped back and used advocacy instead of edicts, as President Bush understood, we got more lasting results. He was well prepared, a gentleman, and a pioneer of education. Some peo-ple are suggesting he might have been the most effective one-term President in the history of the Presidency. He could very well be, when you add it all up, with the Gulf war handled like it was, the reunification of Germany, the successful disintegration of the Soviet Union, the clean air laws, the Ameri-cans with Disabilities Act, pioneering in education with America 2000, bal-ancing the budget. That is a lot to do in 4 years. Maybe James K. Polk is the only one I can think of who might give him a good run for his money in terms of that accolade. I remember when the Gulf War was over and President Bush came to speak to the Congress. I will close with this. It was the first time I had a chance to sit and listen to a Presidential address as a Member of the Cabinet. I remem-ber thinking after that wonderful vic-tory that was so well done—with a mil-lion men and women on the ground and very few casualties; the rest of the world paid for most of the war; we avoided going into Baghdad. It was a very successful operation. The Presi-dent’s approval rating was at 91 per-cent. I remember thinking, I wish he would say: Now that we have won the war, let’s turn our attention to home and apply the same sort of energy to America 2000, and then make America 2000 his entire domestic program. Per-haps it would have been difficult for Bill Clinton to defeat him that year if that would have been his domestic agenda. No one will ever know. What we do know is, he was a gen-tleman; he was as well prepared as any 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Dec 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04DE6.016 S04DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7271 December 4, 2018 
President in history for the job; he served at a time when we needed that preparation because the challenges were immense; he was a pioneer in edu-cation; and he may have been the most successful one-term President in Amer-ican history—a man who put the coun-try first and whom we all admired. George H.W. Bush. Thank you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. J
OHNSON ). The Senator from Texas. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I join my friend, the Senator from Tennessee, in saying a few words about the service of George Herbert Walker Bush. I would note the difference between him and me, though, is he, having served as Education Secretary and worked here under Howard Baker and having had a chance to work with and watch and lis-ten to George Herbert Walker Bush firsthand, has the advantage over me. I certainly know the Bush family and President Bush ‘‘41’’ from my experi-ence in Texas. They were the dominant family and influence in politics in Texas—certainly during the time I grew up in politics. I appreciate the comments the Sen-ator from Tennessee has made. He and I had a conversation about what our side of the aisle needs, which is to do more in the area of supporting public education and which is, I think, prob-ably at the top of the list of most peo-ple’s concerns. Certainly, when you look at what happened in the midterm elections— particularly in the suburbs—and you talk to people about what motivated them one way or the other, education had to be way up high on that list. We simply need to find a way of working together and coming up together with creative ways to demonstrate our sup-port for public education, and I think our constituents will respond very well to that. Certainly, the Senator from Ten-nessee, as chairman of the Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions Com-mittee, who is responsible for a lot of the healthcare-oriented legislation that emanates from this body—and that is another area where, frankly, we didn’t do as good a job as we could or should have done, explaining what we were for and what we could do actually to help bring premiums down and make healthcare more accessible. So I appre-ciate the contributions of the Senator from Tennessee to this body and his comments particularly about this great man. I think it is important to say he was not just a great man but a good man, George Herbert Walker Bush. We know, to his family, he was a lov-ing and caring father, grandfather, and great-grandfather. To his country, he was a devoted public servant who fought to defend our freedoms and led the Nation at the end of the Cold War and at the fall of the Berlin Wall. Every time I think about the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989, I think about my dad who was a B–17 pilot in World War II. He was shot down on his 26th bombing mission over Nazi Germany. He was stationed in Molesworth, Eng-land. He and his fellow crew in the 303rd Bomb Group in the Eighth Air Force would fly their bombing missions from England—in this case, Molesworth Air Force Base across the English Channel and drop their bombs in Germany in an effort to bring an end to that terrible, terrible war. Unfortunately, my dad died before the Berlin Wall came down. That is one of my regrets; that he was unable to see what ultimately happened as a re-sult of that terrible war in World War II. One expert—I read one of his books recently—calculated that 31 million people died in World War II. It is a shocking number. We need to be re-minded of what the horrible wages of war can be—20 million people died in the Soviet Union alone. I know that staggers our imagination. We need to remember our history or, in the words of a wise man, we will be condemned to relive it. Certainly, George Herbert Walker Bush’s contribution to ending the Cold War and bringing down the Berlin Wall are one of his most notable achievements. He served first as a war hero. He ac-tually enlisted in the Navy after the attack at Pearl Harbor. He, like a lot of other young men, decided this was the time to come to the aid of their country. After nearly losing his life after being shot down but being saved by rescuing forces, he came back home and, like so many of the ‘‘greatest gen-eration,’’ he went to work and raised a family. In my dad’s case, he, too, was part of the ‘‘greatest generation.’’ Fortu-nately, he got out of the prisoner of war camp and met my mother and mar-ried and had a family. He continued his education and, like so many of the ‘‘greatest generation,’’ made enormous contributions to this country in the post-World War II era that we are bene-fiting from even today. We also know George Herbert Walker Bush represented his fellow Americans starting as a Congressman in Houston, TX. Then he moved on to be Director of the Central Intelligence Agency. He was Vice President. He was President. It has been said that George Herbert Walker Bush was the best prepared per-son ever to have served as President by virtue of his experience and his resume. I think there is a lot of truth to that. Alluding to the time in the Navy, you can say he was an anchor for our country during tumultuous times— steady and strong. While he was a fierce defender of his principles and ideals, he was some-times seen as a quiet soldier. Some people even commented that he was too nice a person to be President. I think that is a misconception. He was, it is true, both a good man and a great leader, but I think he showed us you could be both. Not all great leaders are good men. We are all flawed, of course, but he showed that you could be both a good man and a great leader. President Bush carried the lessons he learned in the Navy with him. Specifi-cally, we heard from the Vice President yesterday at the ceremony in the Ro-tunda talking about a concept known to Navy pilots as the acronym CAVU, which stands for ‘‘ceiling and visibility unlimited.’’ I only mention this again after the Vice President talked about it yesterday because President Bush mentioned it on his 80th birthday. He said it summed up his attitude about his life perfectly. He said: 
But, you see, that is where my life is now. Thanks to my family and my friends, my life is CAVU. 
Through all he did, his compassion, his love of country, his basic human-ity, and strong optimism shone through, which made him such an at-tractive political figure. One reason for his tremendous success was because people liked him, and they believed in him. They believed he was doing what he did for the right reasons. After a long and tough campaign for his second term as President—a cam-paign which he lost—he left a letter to newly elected President Bill Clinton. There has been some social media cir-culating this letter, but I think it is worth noting because it is a snapshot into his character and the type of man he was. He wrote to President Clinton: 
Your success now is our country’s success. I am rooting hard for you. 
It takes a big man to say that to your competitor after a tough, losing campaign, but, again, this is a window into the character of a good and great man. Just like everything else he did, it was gracious and sincere. This letter conveyed the same sense of ‘‘it is not about me, it is about the country.’’ In a word, it is about patriotism—a word that embodies President Bush so well. He was the type of man who makes us look at our own lives and ask, what more can I do for my country and for my country men and women we all love? After graduating from college, he went to Midland, TX. It was kind of an improbable place to go in those days, but he wanted to get involved in the oil business. Later, after his successes in Midland, TX, in the Permian Basin, which continues to be one of the great-est reserves of oil and gas in the United States, he went on to Houston and grew his business and ultimately, as I said earlier, ran for Congress. Even though Texas was an adopted home for him, Texans loved and em-braced him, as we did the entire Bush family. We were privileged to have President Bush as one of our own. He once said: ‘‘I am a Texan and an Amer-ican . . . what more could a man ask?’’ I don’t think anyone could have said it better. Throughout his time in public service and even afterward, he could have moved anywhere in the world, but he chose to live his life in Texas and in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Dec 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04DE6.017 S04DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7272 December 4, 2018 
the warm embrace of the State and the people he loved. President Bush felt a kindred spirit in Texas A&M University, choosing it first to bear his legacy through his Presidential library and a graduate school of government and public serv-ice and then later to be his and Bar-bara Bush’s final resting place. I think President Bush identified with the uni-versity’s unique culture, including its inculcation of patriotic values and the emphasis it places on hard work and public service. President Bush taught us all that there is nothing more powerful in life than the power of a good example. He challenged all of us, and he still does by the standards he set for himself. Joined today by my colleague from Texas, Senator C
RUZ, we introduced a resolution recognizing the nearly 30 years of public service President Bush devoted to our State and our Nation. President Bush is in the Nation’s Capital one last time, where many have and will continue to have the op-portunity to pay their respects and give their thanks for his extraordinary life. President Bush once wrote in a letter to his mother: ‘‘Tell the truth. Don’t blame people. Be strong. Do your best. Try hard. Forgive. Stay the course.’’ President Bush never chose the easy road to sacrifice doing what he thought was just and right. In the words of Scripture, he fought the good fight, he finished the race, and he kept the faith. In his book ‘‘All the Best,’’ he writes that he wanted a plain gravestone like the ones in Arlington Cemetery, with his Navy number on the back. He also requested that a quotation be placed there as well: ‘‘He loved Barbara very much.’’ This is the man he was. I know he has gone on to join the love of his life, Barbara, and their daughter Robin. A truly honorable and gracious man has gone home to God. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Georgia. Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I am honored to follow the Senator from Texas and to have shared time with President Bush, as he has, and appre-ciate very much his service to this Sen-ate and this country. You know, the hardest thing they ever ask you to do in public office is eulogize someone you don’t even know. But because you are a Senator and they think you have a name that ev-erybody back home knows, they think that would be a good idea. It is the hardest thing for a Senator to do. The easiest thing to do is to be asked to eulogize somebody you know and love. You don’t have to look up things and read things and do a biography. But that, too, is also very hard. It is hard to hold back the tears when you talk about the experiences you had with someone who has gone on to a better place. That is the role I am in today. George Herbert Walker Bush did so many things for me in my lifetime that I can’t begin to count them or recount them all for you, but I am going to tell a few of the stories. You have all heard about how he was in the CIA, how many planes he shot down, and how many times he did whatever he did. We all know he has a resume that is equal to none. I mean, nobody has one equal to his. We also know, those of us who knew him—and I know Senator CORNYN  of Texas did—as a public servant, he was a passionate, compassionate, get- the-job-done, commonsense, conserv-ative leader who wanted to see not just the promises made but the promises kept. How did I meet George Herbert Walk-er Bush? I will tell you how I met him. He was Vice President of the United States of America. He was on Air Force One. He was Vice President under Reagan, who controlled Air Force One. We were riding from St. Augustine, FL, to Atlanta, GA, to do a fundraiser for me when I was running for Governor of Georgia. I knew him by reputation and by name and obviously by being in my party, but I didn’t know him as a per-son. He said: Why don’t you fly down to St. Augustine and meet me there, and we will fly to Atlanta for a fundraiser that night? Bring your family. Let’s have some fun and get you elected Gov-ernor of Georgia. We had a ball. That was not hard. Winning the governorship was a little bit more difficult, but it was a lot easi-er to try when the Vice President of the United States came out and put his name on the line for me. I really didn’t understand how he could risk his ca-reer doing that until I realized nobody cared who I was anyway, but he cared who I was because I was a potential candidate for Governor, I was a Repub-lican, I was somebody he liked and ad-mired, and I was somebody he wanted to help and work with. So my family and I piled onto Air Force One, flew into Atlanta, Dobbins Air Force Base, and went to the Wa-verly Hotel. We raised three-quarters of a million dollars at that fundraiser. It was over in the flash of an eye, but I can still smell the room, indelibly re-member the lights that were on, the banners we had, and the speeches made that night because he was an overpoweringly impressive guy. When he stood there and made a speech and Lee Greenwood followed him with how great it was to be an American, you knew you were among royalty—a spe-cial person. He wanted me to work for him in his Presidential campaign. I said: Mr. Vice President, I would be more than happy to do that. And I did. I didn’t run it. I was not the top dog by any stretch. Paul Coverdell, former U.S. Senator, was his campaign manager. Fred Coo-per, his financier, was the one who raised the money. They did a lot to help him get elected, but we did help him in Georgia get elected when he won that race. In 1989, when he was sworn in, he started out on a journey as President of the United States, after he had al-ready been CIA Director, after he had already been Vice President of the United States, after he had already every other thing you could be—from Congressman, to head of the U.N. dele-gation, to everything in between. Now he was taking on the prize job of them all—the Presidency of the United States of America. I polled well as I was running for Governor. In fact, halfway through his first term, halfway through it, when they did a poll, I was doing pretty good. I wasn’t winning, but I was doing pretty good, and everybody attributed it not to me but to the fact that the President came down and helped me. And he was doing really well too. In fact, if you will remember, George Her-bert Walker Bush in 1991 had an 89-per-cent favorable rating. When he lost 2 years later, he was down in the high thirties. What happened? How could this guy who is so great and so gra-cious, so wonderful, who did every-thing, fall so fast? I have answered that question many times because I wanted to rationalize it myself. I watched that fall. I watched George H.W. Bush do what he thought was right even though what he did might be wrong for him. I want to explain that. The speech he made in New Orleans to get the nomination in 1988—he used a simple little line. He talked about shining cities on the hill. He talked about a foundation. He talked about the Points of Light foundation he started. He talked about helping others who didn’t have as much as they should and he wanted them to have. He talked about giving a little back to your coun-try. He gave the speech equivalency to J
OHNKENNEDY ’s Peace Corps speech or great speeches made by other Amer-ican Presidents. He was a caring man. He also gave a speech in which he said: ‘‘Read my lips: No new taxes.’’ I have never seen or heard anybody who took credit for giving him that state-ment, because that statement probably led to his most difficult time in his re-election campaign. But at the time he made it—he made it because George Bush knew he might have to do that. He wasn’t going to continue to run for President without saying: Look, I don’t want to raise your taxes, but it is something we think might happen. And it did happen, and it cost him the elec-tion. He did what was right for the country, although it might not have been right for George H.W. Bush. He was that kind of guy. He put the test on what is best for the people, what is best for the country. If you listen to or read many of the stories of the Iraq war when we first sent troops in, George Bush was the first one to do that. I remember riding home in my car from my office in At-lanta when the news broke. The Presi-dent was about to do a press con-ference. When I turned the radio on, he was making the announcement about sending troops into Iraq from Kuwait and going after Saddam Hussein to give up his weapons of mass destruction. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Dec 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04DE6.020 S04DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7273 December 4, 2018 
We still have troops in Iraq and Af-ghanistan today. We are fighting the ultimate war between good and evil, of terrorism versus the American way of peace and prosperity. That is a war that was engaged by George Bush not because he liked war but because he loved peace; not because he wanted to fight but because he wanted to dem-onstrate through strength that we can negotiate a settlement through diplo-macy far easier and with less damage. George Herbert Walker Bush did ev-erything he thought was the right thing to do for the right reasons. Even if his final decision was not good for him politically, he still did it if it was right for the American people. You can ask no more of a politician. You can ask anything you want to, but you can’t ask anything more of them than to do what is right regardless of the consequences. I love Mark Twain’s quote: When you are confronted with a difficult decision, do what is right—you will surprise a few, but you will amaze the rest. George Herbert Walker Bush was an amazing man, someone whose life will indelibly be in my heart and my mem-ory, for all the things he did for me, my children, and my grandchildren, and all of the things he has done for you and all of us as Americans. To his son, 43—he is a great chip off the old block. He is probably as good as his dad, but nobody will ever be nicer than his dad. George Herbert Walker Bush, George W. Bush, the entire Bush family, Bar-bara Bush—I send my sympathy and my support for you in this time of trial. I thank you for the sacrifice you have made for our country and for your family. I pledge to you that I will try to al-ways be as close as I can—I will never make it, but I will do as much as I can to be as good or try to be as good as George H.W. Bush was. I hope that when I die and the papers report on that—if there is any—they will be as kind to me as they have been to George Bush. What they have done with George Bush is told the truth— not talk about any failures, where there might have been a few; they talked about his victories, his passions, and they talked about his love. Most of all, they talked about a great country, the United States of America. It is great today and will always be because of men like George Herbert Walker Bush. May God bless his soul. I thank him for the service he brought to our great country. I yield back. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
UBIO). Without objection, it is so or-dered. TRIBUTE TO TIMUEL BLACK Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, one of our most preeminent oral historians of our time turns 100 on December 7. Timuel Black was born near the end of World War I and has been the keeper of the soul of the south side of Chicago to this very day. World War I was sup-posed to be the war to end all wars, but we know some of America’s greatest wars were yet to come. Tim Black was on the frontlines of many of those fights. As a historian, as an activist, and a humanist, he fought and con-tinues to fight for the dignity of people and a better future. Professor Black was born in 1918, in Birmingham, AL, the son of share-croppers and grandson of slaves. At 8 months, his family moved to Chicago, joining the first wave of migration of African Americans from the Deep South to the North. His family settled in an area of Chicago then-called the Black Belt. It is now known as Bronzeville. Tim would go on to celebrate and shape the history of Chicago’s Black Belt. To Tim, this is sacred ground. But first, he went to Burke Elementary School and DuSable High School. His classmates included Nat King Cole; fu-ture publisher and founder of Jet and Ebony Magazine, John H. Johnson, the first African American on Forbes’ 400 most wealthy; and future Mayor Har-old Washington. Don Cornelius and mu-sician Sonny Cohn also were among the many famous students of DuSable High School. It was on his birthday in 1941 that Japan attacked Pearl Harbor. The U.S. Army drafted Tim into a segregated army 2 years later. In the last 2 years of World War II, Tim experienced the worst of the war. He participated in the Normandy invasion, the Battle of the Bulge, and the liberation of Paris. He earned four battle stars. But it was what he saw while liberating the Bu-chenwald, the Nazi concentration camp, that altered the way Tim saw the world. The horrors of the human capacity for cruelty at Buchenwald filled Tim with despair. He returned to Chicago, resolved to fight for human rights and human dig-nity. He earned an undergraduate de-gree from Roosevelt University and a master’s degree from the University of Chicago. Tim started his professional career as a social worker, but he quick-ly discovered that his real love was, in his words, ‘‘teaching young men and women about the world they live in and how to be responsible citizens of that world.’’ For 40 years, Tim did just that through his teaching positions at DuSable and other Chicago public schools, as well as Roosevelt Univer-sity, Columbia College Chicago, and schools in the City Colleges of Chicago system. Tim also has spent his life on the frontlines of the struggle for human rights and dignity. At age 13, he walked his first picket line to protest the refusal of White-owned businesses in Bronzeville to hire Black clerks. As an organizer in labor and social justice movements of the 1940s and 1950s, he worked with Paul Robeson and W.E.B. Dubois. Tim helped establish the Congress of Racial Equality and the United Pack-inghouse Workers of America labor union. I might not be where I am today were it not for Tim’s work because it was the Packinghouse union that helped me work through college. In December of 1955, Tim was watch-ing television when he first saw an in-spiring man in Montgomery, AL. He hopped on a plane to meet him. A year later, Tim convinced him to come to Chicago. This was the first time Dr. Martin Luther King would speak in the city. Tim then helped organize the Freedom Trains that carried thousands of Chicagoans to hear Dr. King roar ‘‘I Have a Dream’’ in Washington, DC, in 1963. In 1966, Tim was right there with Dr. King when an angry mob attacked him in Chicago’s Marquette Park. Whenever there was a good fight against Jim Crow housing, segregated public beaches, job discrimination, or the shortchanging of Black students in public schools, you would always find Tim Black. There is one student of Professor Black we all remember. A couple of decades ago, a young community orga-nizer who had just returned to Chicago with a Harvard law degree asked Pro-fessor Black to teach him about orga-nizing people so they could create a better life for themselves and their children. The young organizer and Pro-fessor Black became friends over the years. It was my privilege to invite Professor Black and his wonderful wife Zenobia Johnson-Black to be my guests as that community organizer swore an oath to become the President of the United States. I could not have had a better guest to see the history that he had helped make possible as Barack Obama became our first Black President. Tim may have retired from teaching years ago, but we are all still students in his never-ending classroom. His three-volume history of Chicago’s Black Belt, entitled ‘‘Bridges of Mem-ory,’’ is the story of the great Black migration to Chicago from the Deep South, told by those who made that journey and by their descendants. His home in Hyde Park is an incomparable museum of stories about every place he has lived in Chicago. The theaters he first heard Duke Ellington, Count Basie, and Billie Holliday are still alive and well in memories to be shared. Happy birthday, Tim Black. Genera-tions have grown up with a better ap-preciation of their homes and the his-tory they inhabit because of you. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Dec 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04DE6.021 S04DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7274 December 4, 2018 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO DR. GEORGE MULCAIRE-JONES ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, this week I have the honor of recognizing Dr. George Mulcaire-Jones of Silver Bow County for his tremendous impact on lives of folks in Butte and sur-rounding areas. Dr. Mulcaire-Jones has spent over 30 years practicing medicine, each of which he committed to improving the health of those around him. He founded Maternal Life International, which goes above and beyond, to provide training and program development in Africa and Haiti. Over the course of his career, Dr. Mulcaire-Jones has also fo-cused on addressing the growing issue of substance abuse among pregnant and postpartum moms. Dr. Mulcaire-Jones led the fight to address the growing drug crisis in preg-nant and postpartum moms across Montana. Dr. Mulcaire-Jones directed an initiative that defines symptoms for these moms and ensures they receive the proper medical care. He was instru-mental in a $150,000 grant awarded to a local hospital that works to treat these moms. Dr. Mulcaire-Jones also worked hard to ensure that other care pro-viders in the industry have the train-ing they need to properly treat those patients. I congratulate Dr. Mulcaire-Jones on his proactive approach in recognizing the signs of drug abuse in pregnant and postpartum mothers. Through his ef-forts, Dr. Mulcaire-Jones has paved the way for other communities around Montana to combat this growing epi-demic.∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING FLORIDA STATE UNIVERSITY WOMEN’S SOCCER TEAM ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I recognize the Florida State University Women’s soccer team on securing its second NCAA National Championship, becoming one of six schools in NCAA women’s soccer history to win multiple championships. Head coach Mark Krikorian led the Florida State team to the 2018 College Cup for the ninth time in his 14 seasons at Florida State, including four appearances in the na-tional championship game. FSU de-feated each of the last three national champions in the 2018 tournament on the way to the title, delivering a stun-ning end to Stanford University’s 45- match unbeaten streak in the semifinal game. In the championship game against the University of North Caro-lina, Dallas Dorosy scored the game’s only goal on a pass from Deyna Castellanos, in the 60th minute. This NCAA title complements the team’s 2018 Atlantic Coast Conference cham-pionship win, the sixth in the past 8 years. I extend warm congratulations on their hard-earned national champion-ship to players Caroline Jeffers, Megan Connolly, Kristina Lynch, Anna Pat-ten, Jaelin Howell, Dallas Dorosy, Kirsten Pavlisko, Deyna Castellanos, Gloriana Villalobos, Kaycie Tillman, Taylor Hallmon, Natalia Kuikka, Olivia Bergau, Gabby Carle, Malia Berkley, Macayla Edwards, Kristen McFarland, Alexa Orrante, Bella Dorosy, Makala Thomas, Emily Madril, Clara Robbins, Yujie Zhao, and Brooke Bollinger, as well as head coach Mark Krikorian, assistant coach Mike Bris-tol, assistant coach Morinao Imaizumi, and director of operations Nathan Min-ion.∑ f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Williams, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
At 2:32 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill: 
H.R. 1207. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 306 River Street in Tilden, Texas, as the ‘‘Tilden Veterans Post Office’’. 
The message also announced that the House has agreed to the following con-current resolutions: 
S. Con. Res. 55. Concurrent resolution au-thorizing the use of the rotunda of the Cap-itol for the lying in state of the remains of the late George Herbert Walker Bush, 41st President of the United States. S. Con. Res. 56. Concurrent resolution pro-viding for the use of the catafalque situated in the Exhibition Hall of the Capitol Visitor Center in connection with memorial services to be conducted in the rotunda of the Capitol for the late George Herbert Walker Bush, 41st President of the United States. 
The message further announced that the House has agreed to the following resolution: 
H. Res. 1167. Resolution relative to the death of George Herbert Walker Bush, forty- first President of the United States of Amer-ica. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Report to accompany S. 941, A bill to with-draw certain National Forest System land in the Emigrant Crevice area located in the Custer Gallatin National Forest, Park Coun-ty, Montana, from the mining and mineral leasing laws of the United States, and for other purposes (Rept . No. 115–402). Report to accompany S. 1219, A bill to pro-vide for stability of title to certain land in the State of Louisiana, and for other pur-poses (Rept. No. 115–403). Report to accompany S. 1787, A bill to re-authorize the National Geologic Mapping Act of 1992 (Rept. No. 115–404). Report to accompany S. 2249, A bill to per-manently reauthorize the Rio Puerco Man-agement Committee and the Rio Puerco Wa-tershed Management Program (Rept. No. 115–405). Report to accompany H.R. 5655, A bill to establish the Camp Nelson Heritage National Monument in the State of Kentucky as a unit of the National Park System, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–406). By Mr. BARRASSO, from the Committee on Environment and Public Works: Report to accompany S. 2461, A bill to allow for judicial review of certain final rules relating to national emission standards for hazardous air pollutants for brick and structural clay products or for clay ceramics manufacturing before requiring compliance with the rules by existing sources (Rept. No. 115–407). By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Report to accompany S. 3085, A bill to es-tablish a Federal Acquisition Security Coun-cil and to provide executive agencies with authorities relating to mitigating supply chain risks in the procurement of informa-tion technology, and for other purposes (Rept. No . 115–408). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, without amendment: S. 414. A bill to promote conservation, im-prove public land management, and provide for sensible development in Pershing County, Nevada, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–409). By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 594. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Homeland Security to work with cybersecu-rity consortia for training, and for other pur-poses (Rept. No. 115–410). By Mr. HOEVEN, from the Committee on Indian Affairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 1942. A bill to direct the Attorney Gen-eral to review, revise, and develop law en-forcement and justice protocols appropriate to address missing and murdered Indians, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–411). By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 3309. A bill to authorize cyber incident response teams at the Department of Home-land Security, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–412). By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with amendments: H.R. 5206. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish the Office of Biometric Identity Management, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–413). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 569. A bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to provide consistent and reli-able authority for, and for the funding of, the Land and Water Conservation Fund to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Dec 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04DE6.005 S04DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7275 December 4, 2018 
maximize the effectiveness of the Fund for future generations, and for other purposes. By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute and an amendment to the title: S. 785. A bill to amend the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act to provide for equi-table allotment of land to Alaska Native vet-erans. By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 1403. A bill to amend the Public Lands Corps Act of 1993 to establish the 21st Cen-tury Conservation Service Corps to place youth and veterans in national service posi-tions to conserve, restore, and enhance the great outdoors of the United States, and for other purposes. S. 2290. A bill to improve wildfire manage-ment operations and the safety of fire-fighters and communities with the best available technology. S. 3172. A bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to establish, fund, and provide for the use of amounts in a National Park Service Legacy Restoration Fund to address the maintenance backlog of the National Park Service, and for other purposes. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. HATCH: S. 4. A bill to prohibit courts from consid-ering acquitted conduct at sentencing, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. J
ONES ): S. 5. A bill to require the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to pay individuals who are owed educational assistance under the Post- 9/11 Educational Assistance program the amounts of educational assistance that they are entitled to by law, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. By Mr. VAN HOLLEN: S. 3699. A bill to require full funding of part A of title I of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 and the Indi-viduals with Disabilities Education Act; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. HATCH (for himself and Mr. W
YDEN ): S. 3700. A bill to reauthorize the program of block grants to States for temporary as-sistance for needy families, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. HATCH (for himself and Mr. U
DALL ): S. 3701. A bill to protect and educate chil-dren about the dangers of e-cigarettes and other electronic nicotine delivery systems, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. G
RASSLEY ): S. 3702. A bill to amend title XIX of the So-cial Security Act to prevent the misclassification of drugs for purposes of the Medicaid drug rebate program; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mr. K
EN-
NEDY , Mr. C ASSIDY , and Mr. M ENEN -
DEZ): S. 3703. A bill to reauthorize the National Flood Insurance Program; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. BLUNT (for himself and Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ): S. Con. Res. 57. A concurrent resolution au-thorizing the printing of a commemorative document in memory of the late President of the United States, George Herbert Walker Bush; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 109 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 109, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medicare program of pharmacist services. 
S. 424 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 424, a bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to include certain Federal positions within the definition of law enforcement officer for retirement pur-poses, and for other purposes. 
S. 635 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 635, a bill to amend title 28, United States Code, to prohibit the ex-clusion of individuals from service on a Federal jury on account of sexual ori-entation or gender identity. 
S. 802 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 802, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal in honor of Lawrence Eu-gene ‘‘Larry’’ Doby in recognition of his achievements and contributions to American major league athletics, civil rights, and the Armed Forces during World War II. 
S. 817 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 817, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to in-crease the age requirement with re-spect to eligibility for qualified ABLE programs. 
S. 820 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 820, a bill to designate a portion of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge as wilderness. 
S. 1503 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the names of the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. C
ORKER ) and the Senator from Ne-vada (Mr. H
ELLER ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 1503, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in recognition of the 60th anni-versary of the Naismith Memorial Bas-ketball Hall of Fame. S. 1879 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1879, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the coverage of marriage and family therapist services and mental health counselor services under part B of the Medicare program, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1942 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1942, a bill to direct the Attorney General to review, revise, and develop law enforcement and justice protocols appropriate to address miss-ing and murdered Indians, and for other purposes. 
S. 2127 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2127, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the United States merchant mari-ners of World War II, in recognition of their dedicated and vital service during World War II. 
S. 2542 
At the request of Mr. V ANHOLLEN , the name of the Senator from Cali-fornia (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2542, a bill to amend part B of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act to provide full Federal funding of such part. 
S. 2971 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2971, a bill to amend the Animal Wel-fare Act to prohibit animal fighting in the United States territories. 
S. 3063 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3063, a bill to delay the reimposi-tion of the annual fee on health insur-ance providers until after 2020. 
S. 3085 
At the request of Mrs. M CCASKILL , the name of the Senator from Wis-consin (Mr. J
OHNSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3085, a bill to establish a Federal Acquisition Security Council and to provide executive agencies with authorities relating to mitigating sup-ply chain risks in the procurement of information technology, and for other purposes. 
S. 3119 
At the request of Mr. R ISCH, the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3119, a bill to allow for the taking of sea lions on the Columbia River and its tributaries to protect endangered and threatened species of salmon and other nonlisted fish species. 
S. 3178 
At the request of Ms. H ARRIS , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Dec 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04DE6.016 S04DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7276 December 4, 2018 
CORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 3178, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to specify lynching as a deprivation of civil rights, and for other purposes. 
S. 3231 
At the request of Mr. Y OUNG , the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3231, a bill to establish the Task Force on the Impact of the Affordable Hous-ing Crisis, and for other purposes. 
S. 3346 
At the request of Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3346, a bill to establish the Office of Internet Connectivity and Growth, and for other purposes. 
S. 3417 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 3417, a bill to require the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a program to increase efficiency in the recruitment and hiring by the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs of health care workers that are undergoing separa-tion from the Armed Forces, to create uniform credentialing standards for certain health care professionals of the Department, and for other purposes. 
S. 3530 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the names of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) and the Senator from Michi-gan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 3530, a bill to reauthorize the Museum and Library Services Act. 
S. 3609 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the names of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) and the Senator from Il-linois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3609, a bill to amend the National Trails System Act to des-ignate the Route 66 National Historic Trail, and for other purposes. 
S. 3660 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 3660, a bill to improve the health of minority individuals, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 606 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 606, a resolution expressing the sense of the Senate that the United States condemns all forms of violence against children globally and recog-nizes the harmful impacts of violence against children. 
S. RES. 633 
At the request of Mrs. M CCASKILL , the name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 633, a resolution expressing the sense of the Senate that Congress should take all appropriate measures to ensure that the United States Postal Service remains an independent estab-lishment of the Federal Government and is not subject to privatization. S. RES. 711 
At the request of Ms. D UCKWORTH , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 711, a resolution designating November 2018 as ‘‘National Runaway Prevention Month’’. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-TION 57—AUTHORIZING THE PRINTING OF A COMMEMORA-TIVE DOCUMENT IN MEMORY OF THE LATE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES, GEORGE HER-BERT WALKER BUSH Mr. BLUNT (for himself and Ms. K
LO-
BUCHAR ) submitted the following con-current resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. C ON. RES. 57 Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), 
SECTION 1. COMMEMORATIVE DOCUMENT AU-THORIZED. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—A commemorative docu-ment in memory of the late President of the United States, George Herbert Walker Bush, shall be printed as a House document, with illustrations and suitable binding, under the direction of the Joint Committee on Print-ing. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The document shall consist of the eulogies and encomiums for George Herbert Walker Bush, as expressed in the Senate and the House of Representatives, to-gether with the texts of each of the fol-lowing: (1) The state funeral ceremony at the United States Capitol Rotunda. (2) The national funeral service held at the Washington National Cathedral, Washington, District of Columbia. (3) The memorial service held at St. Mar-tin’s Episcopal Church, Houston, Texas. (4) The interment ceremony at the George Herbert Walker Bush Presidential Library Center, College Station, Texas. 
SEC. 2. PRINTING OF DOCUMENT. 
In addition to the usual number of copies printed, there shall be printed the lesser of— (1) 32,500 copies of the commemorative doc-ument, of which 22,150 copies shall be for the use of the House of Representatives and 10,350 copies shall be for the use of the Sen-ate; or (2) such number of copies of the commemo-rative document that does not exceed a pro-duction and printing cost of $1,000,000, with distribution of the copies to be allocated in the same proportion as described in para-graph (1). f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 4068. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. G ARD-
NER) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 2736, to develop a long-term strategic vision and a comprehensive, multifaceted, and prin-cipled United States policy for the Indo-Pa-cific region, and for other purposes. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 4068. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. G
ARDNER ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 2736, to develop a long-term strategic vision and a comprehensive, multifaceted, and principled United States policy for the Indo-Pacific re-gion, and for other purposes; as follows: On page 48, in the undesignated matter re-lating to section 410, strike ‘‘and environ-mental’’. On page 54, line 13, insert ‘‘the free and re-liable flow of information,’’ after ‘‘the rule of law,’’. On page 56, line 11, strike ‘‘(3)’’ and insert the following: (3) the Committee on Finance of the Sen-ate; (4) On page 56, line 12, strike ‘‘and’’. On page 56, line 13, strike ‘‘(4)’’ and insert ‘‘(5)’’. On page 56, line 14, strike the period at the end and insert ‘‘; and’’. On page 56, between lines 14 and 15, insert the following: (6) the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives. On page 57, line 1, insert ‘‘and resiliency’’ after ‘‘defense capacity’’. On page 57, beginning on line 19, strike ‘‘and’’ and all that follows through ‘‘(5)’’ on line 20, and insert the following: (5) to help partner countries strengthen their democratic systems, with a focus on good governance; (6) to ensure that the regulatory environ-ments for trade, infrastructure, and invest-ment in partner countries are transparent, open, and free of corruption; (7) to encourage responsible natural re-source management in partner countries, which is closely associated with economic growth; and (8) On page 63, line 4, insert ‘‘and religion’’ be-fore ‘‘within China’’. On page 67, line 7, insert ‘‘activities under the United States–ASEAN Trade and Invest-ment Framework Arrangement and’’ before ‘‘the United States-ASEAN Connect’’. On page 68, line 24, strike ‘‘, the Secretary of State’’ and insert ‘‘for the following 5 years, the Secretary of State, in consulta-tion with other Federal agencies,’’. On page 74, beginning on line 6, strike ‘‘un-dersea warfare and air defense’’ and insert ‘‘mobile, survivable, and cost-effective’’. On page 75, line 14, insert ‘‘Executive Order 13551 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to block-ing property of certain persons with respect to North Korea),’’ after ‘‘in accordance with’’. On page 75, line 16, strike ‘‘with respect to North Korea’’. On page 76, line 14, insert ‘‘, in consulta-tion with the Secretary of the Treasury,’’ after ‘‘State’’. On page 76, line 20, insert ‘‘The reporting requirement under this paragraph shall ter-minate on the date that is 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act.’’ after ‘‘person.’’ On page 77, beginning on line 14, strike ‘‘, the Secretary of State, or a designee of the Secretary,’’ and insert ‘‘for the following 5 years, the Secretary of State, or a designee of the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury,’’. On page 86, strike lines 17 through 19 and insert the following: (3) to strengthen resilience against cyberattacks, misinformation, and propa-ganda; and (4) to strengthen the resilience of critical infrastructure. Beginning on page 86, line 21, strike ‘‘such sums’’ and all that follows through page 87, line 3, and insert the following: ‘‘$100,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 2019 through 2023 to enhance cooperation between the United States and Indo-Pacific nations for the pur-poses of combatting cybersecurity threats.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Dec 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04DE6.022 S04DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7277 December 4, 2018 
On page 92, line 2, strike ‘‘is authorized’’ and insert ‘‘should seek to develop’’. On page 92, line 9, strike ‘‘for’’ and insert ‘‘, including leveling the playing field for American companies competing in’’. On page 92, line 15, strike ‘‘is encouraged to make’’ and insert ‘‘should takes steps to strengthen the’’. On page 92, line 17, insert ‘‘as’’ after ‘‘laws’’. On page 92, line 22, insert ‘‘for the fol-lowing 5 years’’ after ‘‘after’’. On page 93, line 7, insert ‘‘to the United States Trade Representative’’ after ‘‘appro-priated’’. On page 93, strike lines 13 through 22 and insert the following: (1) S
TRATEGY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for the following 5 years, the President shall establish a com-prehensive, integrated, multiyear strategy to encourage the efforts of Indo-Pacific countries to implement national power strategies and cooperation with United States energy companies and the Depart-ment of Energy national laboratories to de-velop an appropriate mix of power solutions to provide access to sufficient, reliable, and affordable power in order to reduce poverty, drive economic growth and job creation, and to increase energy security in the Indo-Pa-cific region. On page 93, lines 24 and 25, strike ‘‘such amounts as may be necessary’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’. On page 94, strike lines 1 through 20 and in-sert the following: (b) R
ELIABLE ENERGY PARTNERSHIPS .—It is the sense of Congress that the United States should explore opportunities to partner with the private sector and multilateral institu-tions, such as the World Bank and the Asian Development Bank, to promote universal ac-cess to reliable electricity in the Indo-Pa-cific region, including Myanmar (historically known as ‘‘Burma’’). On page 94, line 22, strike ‘‘The Secretary of State’’ and insert the following: (a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary of State On page 95, between lines 18 and 19, insert the following: (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter through 2023, the Sec-retary of State, in cooperation with the Ad-ministrator of the United States Agency for International Development, shall submit a report to Congress that includes— (1) a list and evaluation of Lower Mekong Initiative activities since its inception in 2009; (2) a strategy for any increased regional engagement and measures of success for the activities described in paragraph (1); and (3) an accounting of funds used to execute Lower Mekong Initiative activities. On page 98, lines 6 and 7, strike ‘‘as ‘Not Free’, according to the Department of State,’’ and insert ‘‘as ‘Partly Free’,’’. On page 98, line 16, insert ‘‘invasive and omnipresent surveillance,’’ after ‘‘deten-tions’’. On page 101, line 9, insert ‘‘, after consulta-tion with the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment,’’ after ‘‘Secretary of State’’. On page 102, line 5, insert ‘‘targeted finan-cial penalties and visa ban’’ after ‘‘impose’’. On page 102, lines 6 and 7, strike ‘‘including targeted financial penalties and visa bans,’’. Beginning on page 103, strike line 18 and all that follows through page 104, line 11, and insert the following: 
SEC. 410. INDO-PACIFIC HUMAN RIGHTS DEFEND-ERS. 
(a) D EFINED TERM.—In this section, the term ‘‘human rights defenders’’ means indi-viduals, working alone or in groups, who nonviolently advocate for the promotion and protection of universally recognized human rights and fundamental freedoms if the advo-cacy of such issues may result in the risk of safety or life. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that human rights defenders in the Indo-Pacific region have been facing in-creased difficulties with the rise of unprece-dented crackdowns and conflicts. (c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated $1,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 2019 through 2023 to provide critical assistance to human rights defenders through the Depart-ment of State’s Human Rights Defenders Fund. (d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter through 2023, the Sec-retary of State, in cooperation with the Ad-ministrator of the United States Agency for International Development, shall submit a report to Congress that includes— (1) a list and evaluation of the Human Rights Defenders Fund activities since its in-ception; (2) a strategy for any increased regional engagement and measures of success for the activities described in paragraph (1); and (3) an accounting of funds used to execute the Human Rights Defender Fund activities. On page 104, lines 14 and 15, strike ‘‘such amounts as may be necessary, for fiscal years 2019 through 2025,’’ and insert ‘‘$25,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’. At the end of the bill, insert the following: 
SEC. 412. SAVINGS PROVISION. 
Nothing in this Act may be construed as authorizing the use of military force. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I have 5 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
The Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, December 04, 2018, at 9:30 a.m., to conduct a hearing on the following nominations: Lieuten-ant General Kenneth F. McKenzie, Jr., to be General and Commander, Central Command, and Lieutenant General Richard D. Clarke, to be General and Commander, Special Operations Com-mand, both of the Department of De-fense. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Tuesday, Decem-ber 04, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing on the following nominations: Michael S. Klecheski, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Mon-golia, Matthew John Matthews, of Vir-ginia, to be Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam, and W. Patrick Murphy, of Vermont, to be Ambassador to the Kingdom of Cambodia, all of the De-partment of State; to be immediately followed by a Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, and International Cy-bersecurity Policy hearing to examine the China challenge, focusing on de-mocracy, human rights, and the rule of law. COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Tuesday, Decem-ber 04, 2018, at 2.30 p.m., to conduct a hearing on the following nominations: Carol Z. Perez, of Virginia, to be Direc-tor General of the Foreign Service, Ar-thur B. Culvahouse, Jr., of Tennessee, to be Ambassador to the Common-wealth of Australia, Christopher Paul Henzel, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Yemen, Sarah-Ann Lynch, of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the Co-operative Republic of Guy-ana, and Lynne M. Tracy, of Ohio, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Ar-menia, all of the Department of State, and John Barsa, of Florida, to be an Assistant Administrator of the United States Agency for International Devel-opment. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Select Committee on Intel-ligence is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, December 04, 2018, at 2:30 p.m., to con-duct a closed hearing. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON EAST ASIA , THE PACIFIC , AND 
INTERNATIONAL CYBERSECURITY POLICY  
The Subcommittee on East Asia, The Pacific, and International Cybersecu-rity Policy of the Committee on For-eign Relations is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, December 04, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘The China Challenge, Part 3: Democracy, Human Rights, and the Rule of Law.’’ 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Rowan Kurtz and Grant Cummings, interns in Sen-ator M
URKOWSKI ’s office, be granted floor privileges for the remainder of the week. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ALASKA REMOTE GENERATOR RE-LIABILITY AND PROTECTION ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 576, S. 1934. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1934) to prevent catastrophic fail-ure or shutdown of remote diesel power en-gines due to emission control devices, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Environment and Public Works, with an amendment to strike all after 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Dec 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04DE6.020 S04DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7278 December 4, 2018 
the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
S. 1934 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Alaska Remote Generator Reliability and Protection Act’’. 
SEC. 2. REVISION OF REGULATIONS REQUIRED. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency shall revise section 60.4216(c) of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enact-ment of this Act), by striking ‘‘that was not cer-tified’’ and all that follows through ‘‘compared to engine-out emissions’’ and inserting ‘‘must have that engine certified as meeting at least Tier 3 PM standards’’. (b) E
MISSIONS AND ENERGY RELIABILITY  S
TUDY .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, in consulta-tion with the Secretary of Energy, shall submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce of the House of Representa-tives a report assessing options for the Federal Government to assist remote areas in the State of Alaska in meeting the energy needs of those areas in an affordable and reliable manner using— (1) existing emissions control technology; or (2) other technology that achieves emissions reductions similar to the technology described in paragraph (1). 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported amendment at the desk be agreed to, that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed, and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amend-ed, was agreed to. The bill (S. 1934), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed as follows: 
S. 1934 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Alaska Re-mote Generator Reliability and Protection Act’’. 
SEC. 2. REVISION OF REGULATIONS REQUIRED. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency shall re-vise section 60.4216(c) of title 40, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act), by striking ‘‘that was not certified’’ and all that follows through ‘‘compared to engine-out emissions’’ and inserting ‘‘must have that engine cer-tified as meeting at least Tier 3 PM stand-ards’’. (b) E
MISSIONS AND ENERGY RELIABILITY  S
TUDY .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, in consultation with the Secretary of Energy, shall submit to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives a report assess-ing options for the Federal Government to assist remote areas in the State of Alaska in meeting the energy needs of those areas in an affordable and reliable manner using— (1) existing emissions control technology; or (2) other technology that achieves emis-sions reductions similar to the technology described in paragraph (1). f ANWAR SADAT CENTENNIAL CELEBRATION ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 585, H.R. 754. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 754) to award the Congressional Gold Medal to Anwar Sadat in recognition of his heroic achievements and courageous con-tributions to peace in the Middle East. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 754) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
ASIA REASSURANCE INITIATIVE ACT OF 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 616, S. 2736. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2736) to develop a long-term stra-tegic vision and a comprehensive, multi-faceted, and principled United States policy for the Indo-Pacific region, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Foreign Relations, with an amend-ment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Asia Reassurance Initiative Act of 2018’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Findings. TITLE I—UNITED STATES POLICY AND DIPLOMATIC STRATEGY IN THE INDO- PACIFIC REGION Sec. 101. Policy. Sec. 102. Diplomatic strategy. TITLE II—PROMOTING UNITED STATES SE-CURITY INTERESTS IN THE INDO-PA-CIFIC REGION Sec. 201. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 202. Treaty alliances in the Indo-Pacific region. Sec. 203. United States-China relationship. Sec. 204. United States-India strategic partner-ship. Sec. 205. United States-ASEAN strategic part-nership. Sec. 206. United States-Republic of Korea- Japan trilateral security partner-ship. Sec. 207. Quadrilateral security dialogue. Sec. 208. Enhanced security partnerships in Southeast Asia. Sec. 209. Commitment to Taiwan. Sec. 210. North Korea strategy. Sec. 211. New Zealand. Sec. 212. The Pacific Islands. Sec. 213. Freedom of navigation and overflight; promotion of international law. Sec. 214. Combating terrorism in Southeast Asia. Sec. 215. Cybersecurity cooperation. Sec. 216. Nonproliferation and arms control in the Indo-Pacific region. TITLE III—PROMOTING UNITED STATES ECONOMIC INTERESTS IN THE INDO-PA-CIFIC REGION Sec. 301. Findings; sense of Congress. Sec. 302. Trade negotiations, multilateral agree-ments, and regional economic summits. Sec. 303. United States-ASEAN economic part-nership. Sec. 304. Trade capacity building and trade fa-cilitation. Sec. 305. Intellectual property protection. Sec. 306. Energy programs and initiatives. Sec. 307. Lower Mekong initiative. Sec. 308. Sense of Congress on economic growth and natural resource conserva-tion. Sec. 309. Sense of Congress in support of wom-en’s economic rights. TITLE IV—PROMOTING UNITED STATES VALUES IN THE INDO-PACIFIC REGION Sec. 401. Findings. Sec. 402. Trafficking-in-persons. Sec. 403. Freedom of the press. Sec. 404. Democracy, human rights, and labor personnel. Sec. 405. Bilateral and regional dialogues; peo-ple-to-people engagement. Sec. 406. Association of Southeast Asian Na-tions Human Rights Strategy. Sec. 407. Freedom of information to North Korea. Sec. 408. Sense of Congress on imposition of sanctions and suspension of United States assistance. Sec. 409. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 410. Indo-Pacific human rights and envi-ronmental defenders. Sec. 411. Young leaders people-to-people initia-tives. SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) The Indo-Pacific region— (A) represents nearly 50 percent of the global population; (B) is home to some of the most dynamic economies in the world; and (C) poses security challenges that threaten to undermine United States national security in-terests, regional peace, and global stability. (2) The core tenets of the United States- backed international system are being chal-lenged, including by— (A) China’s illegal construction and mili-tarization of artificial features in the South China Sea and coercive economic practices; (B) North Korea’s acceleration of its nuclear and ballistic missile capabilities; and (C) the increased presence throughout South-east Asia of the Islamic State (referred to in this Act as ‘‘ISIS’’) and other international terrorist organizations that threaten the United States. (3) The economic order in the Indo-Pacific re-gion continues to transform, presenting oppor-tunities and challenges to United States eco-nomic interests. (4) The United States has a fundamental in-terest in defending human rights and promoting the rule of law in the Indo-Pacific region. Al-though many countries in the region have im-proved the treatment of their citizens, several 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Dec 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\G04DE6.024 S04DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7279 December 4, 2018 
Indo-Pacific governments continue to commit human rights abuses and place restrictions on basic human rights and political and civil lib-erties. (5) Without strong leadership from the United States, the international system, fundamentally rooted in the rule of law, may wither, to the det-riment of United States, regional, and global in-terests. It is imperative that the United States continue to play a leading role in the Indo-Pa-cific region by— (A) defending peace and security; (B) advancing economic prosperity; and (C) promoting respect for fundamental human rights. (6) In 2017, the Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecurity Policy of the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate held a series of hearings on United States leadership in the Indo-Pacific region, in which— (A) experts, including Representative Randy Forbes, Ambassador Robert Gallucci, Ms. Tami Overby, Dr. Robert Orr, Ambassador Derek Mitchell, Ambassador Robert King, Mr. Murray Hiebert, and others detailed the security chal-lenges, economic opportunities, and imperatives of promoting the rule of law, human rights, and democracy, in the Indo-Pacific region; and (B) Dr. Graham Allison, the Douglas Dillon Professor of Government at the John F. Ken-nedy School of Government at Harvard Univer-sity, testified, ‘‘As realistic students of history, Chinese leaders recognize that the role the United States has played since World War II as the architect and underwriter of regional sta-bility and security has been essential to the rise of Asia, including China itself. But they believe that as the tide that brought the United States to Asia recedes, America must leave with it. Much as Britain’s role in the Western Hemi-sphere faded at the beginning of the twentieth century, so must America’s role in Asia as the region’s historic superpower resumes its place.’’. (7) The United States National Security Strat-egy (referred to in this Act as the ‘‘National Se-curity Strategy’’), which was released in Decem-ber 2017, states— (A) ‘‘A geopolitical competition between free and repressive visions of world order is taking place in the Indo-Pacific region. The region, which stretches from the west coast of India to the western shores of the United States, rep-resents the most populous and economically dy-namic part of the world. The United States in-terest in a free and open Indo-Pacific extends back to the earliest days of our republic.’’; and (B) ‘‘Our vision for the Indo-Pacific excludes no nation. We will redouble our commitment to established alliances and partnerships, while ex-panding and deepening relationships with new partners that share respect for sovereignty, fair and reciprocal trade, and the rule of law. We will reinforce our commitment to freedom of the seas and the peaceful resolution of territorial and maritime disputes in accordance with inter-national law. We will work with allies and part-ners to achieve complete, verifiable, and irre-versible denuclearization on the Korean Penin-sula and preserve the non-proliferation regime in Northeast Asia.’’. TITLE I—UNITED STATES POLICY AND DIPLOMATIC STRATEGY IN THE INDO- PACIFIC REGION 
SEC. 101. POLICY. 
It is the policy of the United States to develop and commit to a long-term strategic vision and a comprehensive, multifaceted, and principled United States policy for the Indo-Pacific region that— (1) secures the vital national security interests of the United States and our allies and partners; (2) promotes American prosperity and eco-nomic interests by advancing economic growth and development of a rules-based Indo-Pacific economic community; (3) advances American influence by reflecting the values of the American people and universal human rights; (4) supports functional problem-solving re-gional architecture; and (5) accords with and supports the rule of law and international norms. SEC. 102. DIPLOMATIC STRATEGY. 
It is the diplomatic strategy of the United States— (1) to work with United States allies— (A) to confront common challenges; (B) to improve information sharing; (C) to increase defense investment and trade; (D) to ensure interoperability; and (E) to strengthen shared capabilities; (2) to strengthen relationships with partners who— (A) share mutual respect for the rule of law; (B) agree with fair and reciprocal trade; and (C) understand the importance of civil society, the rule of law, and transparent governance; (3) to support functional problem-solving re-gional architecture, including through the Asso-ciation of Southeast Asian Nations, Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation, and the East Asia Sum-mit; (4) to emphasize the commitment of the United States— (A) to freedom of navigation under inter-national law; (B) to promote peaceful resolutions of mari-time and territorial disputes; and (C) to expand security and defense coopera-tion with allies and partners, as appropriate; (5) to pursue diplomatic measures to achieve complete, verifiable, and irreversible denuclearization of North Korea; (6) to improve civil society, strengthen the rule of law, and advocate for transparent govern-ance; (7) to develop and grow the economy through private sector partnerships between the United States and Indo-Pacific partners; (8) to pursue multilateral and bilateral trade agreements in a free, fair, and reciprocal man-ner and build a network of partners in the Indo- Pacific committed to free markets; (9) to work with and encourage Indo-Pacific countries— (A) to pursue high-quality and transparent infrastructure projects; (B) to maintain unimpeded commerce, open sea lines or air ways, and communication; and (C) to seek the peaceful resolution of disputes; and (10) to sustain a strong military presence in the Indo-Pacific region and strengthen security relationships with allies and partners through-out the region. TITLE II—PROMOTING UNITED STATES SE-CURITY INTERESTS IN THE INDO-PA-CIFIC REGION 
SEC. 201. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) D EFINED TERM.—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; (2) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (3) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; and (4) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated for the Department of State, the United States Agency for International Development, and, as appro-priate, the Department of Defense, $1,500,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 2019 through 2023, which shall be used— (1) to advance United States foreign policy in-terests and objectives in the Indo-Pacific region in recognition of the value of diplomatic initia-tives and programs in the furtherance of United States strategy; (2) to improve the defense capacity of partner nations to resist coercion and deter and defend against security threats, including through for-eign military financing and international mili-tary education and training programs; (3) to conduct regular bilateral and multilat-eral engagements, particularly with the United States’ most highly-capable allies and partners, to meet strategic challenges, including— (A) certain destabilizing activities of the Peo-ple’s Republic of China; and (B) emerging threats, such as the nuclear and ballistic missile programs of the Democratic Peo-ple’s Republic of Korea; (4) to build new counterterrorism partnership programs in Southeast Asia to combat the grow-ing presence of ISIS and other terrorist organi-zations that pose a significant threat to the United States, its allies, and its citizens’ inter-ests abroad; and (5) to increase maritime domain awareness programs in South Asia and Southeast Asia— (A) by expanding the scope of naval and coast guard training efforts with Southeast Asian countries; (B) by expanding cooperation with democratic partners in South Asia, including Bangladesh, Nepal, and Sri Lanka; (C) through intelligence sharing and other in-formation-sharing efforts; and (D) through multilateral engagements, includ-ing by involving Japan, Australia, and India in such efforts. (c) COUNTERING CHINA’SINFLUENCE TO UN-
DERMINE THE INTERNATIONAL SYSTEM .— Amounts appropriated pursuant to subsection (b) shall be made available for United States Government efforts to counter the strategic in-fluence of the People’s Republic of China, in ac-cordance with the strategy required under sec-tion 7043(e)(3) of the Department of State, For-eign Operations, and Related Programs Appro-priations Act, 2014 (division K of Public Law 113–76; 128 Stat. 536) and in consultation with the appropriate committees of Congress. (d) B
URMA .—None of the amounts appro-priated pursuant to subsection (b) may be made available for International Military Education and Training and Foreign Military Financing Programs for the armed forces of the Republic of the Union of Myanmar (historically known as ‘‘Burma’’). (e) P
HILIPPINES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—None of the amounts appro-priated pursuant to subsection (b) may be made available for counternarcotics assistance for the Philippine National Police unless the Secretary of State determines and reports to the appro-priate committees of Congress that the Govern-ment of the Philippines has adopted and is im-plementing a counternarcotics strategy that is consistent with international human rights standards, including investigating and pros-ecuting individuals who are credibly alleged to have ordered, committed, or covered up extrajudicial killings and other gross violations of human rights in the conduct of counter-narcotics operations. (2) E
XCEPTION .—The limitation under para-graph (1) shall not apply to funds made avail-able— (A) for drug demand reduction, maritime pro-grams, or transnational interdiction programs; or (B) to support for the development of such counternarcotics strategy, after consultation with the appropriate committees of Congress. (f) C
AMBODIA .—None of the amounts author-ized to be appropriated pursuant to subsection (b) may be made available for United States as-sistance programs that benefit the Government of Cambodia unless the Secretary of State cer-tifies and reports to the appropriate congres-sional committees that the requirements under section 7043(b)(1) of division K of the Consoli-dated Appropriations Act, 2018 (Public Law 115– 141) have been met. 
SEC. 202. TREATY ALLIANCES IN THE INDO-PA-CIFIC REGION. 
(a) U NITED STATES -JAPAN ALLIANCE .—The United States Government— (1) is committed to the Treaty of Mutual Co-operation and Security between the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Dec 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A04DE6.011 S04DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7280 December 4, 2018 
States and Japan, done at Washington, January 19, 1960, and all related and subsequent bilateral security agreements and arrangements con-cluded on or before the date of the enactment of this Act; (2) recognizes the vital role of the alliance be-tween the United States and Japan in promoting peace and security in the Indo-Pacific region; and (3) calls for the strengthening and broadening of diplomatic, economic, and security ties be-tween the United States and Japan. (b) U
NITED STATES -REPUBLIC OF KOREA ALLI-
ANCE.—The United States Government— (1) is committed to the Mutual Defense Treaty Between the United States and the Republic of Korea, done at Washington October 1, 1953, and all related and subsequent bilateral security agreements and arrangements concluded on or before the date of the enactment of this Act; (2) recognizes the vital role of the alliance be-tween the United States and South Korea in promoting peace and security in the Indo-Pa-cific region; and (3) calls for the strengthening and broadening of diplomatic, economic, and security ties be-tween the United States and the Republic of Korea. (c) U
NITED STATES -AUSTRALIA ALLIANCE .— The United States Government— (1) is committed to the Security Treaty Be-tween Australia and the United States of Amer-ica, done at San Francisco September 1, 1951, and all related and subsequent bilateral security agreements and arrangements concluded on or before the date of the enactment of this Act; (2) recognizes the vital role of the alliance be-tween the United States and Australia in pro-moting peace and security in the Indo-Pacific region; and (3) calls for the strengthening and broadening of diplomatic, economic, and security ties be-tween the United States and Australia. (d) U
NITED STATES -PHILIPPINES ALLIANCE .— The United States Government is committed to the Mutual Defense Treaty between the Repub-lic of the Philippines and the United States of America, done at Washington August 30, 1951, and all related and subsequent bilateral security agreements and arrangements concluded on or before the date of the enactment of this Act, in-cluding the Enhanced Defense Cooperation Agreement, done at Manila April 28, 2014. (e) T
HAILAND .—The United States Government is committed to— (1) the Agreement Respecting Military Assist-ance Between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of Thai-land, done at Bangkok October 17, 1950; (2) the Southeast Asia Collective Defense Treaty, done at Manila September 8, 1954; and (3) all related and subsequent bilateral secu-rity agreements and arrangements concluded on or before the date of the enactment of this Act, including the Joint Vision Statement for the Thai-United States Defense Alliance, issued in Bangkok November 15, 2012. 
SEC. 203. UNITED STATES-CHINA RELATIONSHIP. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The United States Govern-ment— (1) expresses grave concerns with Chinese ac-tions that seek— (A) to further constrain space for civil society within China; and (B) to undermine a rules-based order in the Indo-Pacific region; (2) encourages China to play a constructive role in world affairs by demonstrating consistent respect for the rule of law and international norms; (3) seeks to build a positive, cooperative, and comprehensive relationship with China— (A) by expanding areas of cooperation; and (B) by addressing areas of disagreement, in-cluding over human rights, economic policies, and maritime security; and (4) is committed to working with China on shared regional and global challenges, espe-cially— (A) upholding and strengthening the rules- based international system; and (B) the denuclearization of North Korea. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the United States should— (1) welcome a decision by China to change course and pursue a responsible results-oriented relationship with the United States and engage-ment on global issues; (2) encourage China to play a constructive role in the Indo-Pacific region and globally; and (3) continue to call out Chinese actions that undermine the rules-based international system. 
SEC. 204. UNITED STATES-INDIA STRATEGIC PARTNERSHIP. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The United States Govern-ment— (1) recognizes the vital role of the strategic partnership between the United States and India in promoting peace and security in the Indo-Pacific region; (2) calls for the strengthening and broadening of diplomatic, economic, and security ties be-tween the United States and India; and (3) is committed to— (A) the New Framework for the United States- India Defense Relationship, done at Arlington, Virginia on June 28, 2005; (B) the United States-India Defense Tech-nology and Trade Initiative, launched in 2012; (C) the Joint Strategic Vision for the Indo-Pa-cific and Indian Ocean Region, announced on January 25, 2015; (D) the United States-India Joint Statement on Prosperity Through Partnership, issued on June 26, 2017; and (E) all related and subsequent bilateral and security agreements and arrangements con-cluded as of the date of the enactment of this Act. (b) I
NDIA AS MAJOR DEFENSE PARTNER .—Con- gress makes the following findings: (1) Section 1292(a)(1)(A) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2559; 22 U.S.C. 2751 note) requires the recognition of India as a major defense partner. (2) The designation of India as a major de-fense partner, which is unique to India— (A) institutionalizes the progress made to fa-cilitate defense trade and technology sharing between the United States and India; (B) elevates defense trade and technology co-operation between the United States and India to a level commensurate with the closest allies and partners of the United States; (C) facilitates technology sharing between the United States and India, including license-free access to a wide range of dual-use technologies, after taking into account national security con-cerns; and (D) facilitates joint exercises, coordination on defense strategy and policy, military exchanges, and port calls in support of defense cooperation between the United States and India. 
SEC. 205. UNITED STATES-ASEAN STRATEGIC PARTNERSHIP. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the United States should— (1) support and reaffirm the elevation of the United States-Association of Southeast Asian Nations (referred to in this section as ‘‘ASEAN’’) relationship to a strategic partner-ship; (2) recommit to ASEAN centrality by helping build a strong, stable, politically cohesive, eco-nomically integrated, and socially responsible community of nations that has common rules, norms, procedures, and standards which are consistent with international law and the prin-ciples of a rules-based Indo-Pacific community; (3) urge ASEAN to continue its efforts to fos-ter greater integration among its members; (4) recognize the value of— (A) ASEAN engagement with economic, polit-ical, and security partners within Asia and else-where, including Australia, Canada, the Euro-pean Union, India, Japan, New Zealand, Nor-way, the Republic of Korea, and Taiwan; and (B) strategic economic initiatives, such as the United States-ASEAN Connect, which dem-onstrate a commitment to ASEAN and the ASEAN Economic Community and build upon economic relationships in the Indo-Pacific re-gion; (5) support efforts by the nations comprising ASEAN— (A) to address maritime and territorial dis-putes in a constructive manner; and (B) to pursue claims through peaceful, diplo-matic, and legitimate regional and international arbitration mechanisms, consistent with inter-national law, including through the adoption of a code of conduct in the South China Sea to further promote peace and stability in the Indo- Pacific region; (6) support efforts by United States partners and allies in ASEAN— (A) to enhance maritime capability and mari-time domain awareness; (B) to protect unhindered access to, and use of, international waterways in the Asia-Pacific region that are critical to ensuring the security and free flow of commerce; (C) to counter piracy; (D) to disrupt illicit maritime trafficking ac-tivities such as the trafficking of persons, goods, and drugs; and (E) to enhance the maritime capabilities of countries or regional organizations to respond to emerging threats to maritime security in the Asia-Pacific region; and (7) urge ASEAN member states to develop a common approach to reaffirm the decision of the Permanent Court of Arbitration’s ruling with re-spect to the case between the Republic of the Philippines and the People’s Republic of China. (b) REPORT ON STRATEGIC FRAMEWORK FOR  E
NGAGEMENT WITHASEAN.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annu-ally thereafter, the Secretary of State shall sub-mit a report to the appropriate congressional committees on a strategic framework to admin-ister programs, projects, and activities of the United States to support diplomatic and eco-nomic engagement between the United States and ASEAN member countries for the 10-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall address the following ele-ments of United States strategy: (A) Promoting commercial engagement be-tween the United States and member countries of ASEAN. (B) Helping member countries of ASEAN use sustainable, efficient, and innovative tech-nologies in their respective energy sectors. (C) Supporting economic conditions in member countries of ASEAN that promote innovation, the creation of new businesses, sustainable growth, and the education of the region’s future innovators, entrepreneurs, and business leaders. (D) Working with member countries of ASEAN to improve the policy and regulatory environ-ment for growth, trade, innovation, and invest-ment. (E) Supporting the regional integration objec-tives of member countries of ASEAN under the ASEAN Economic Community. (F) Partnership opportunities with the gov-ernments of other countries friendly to the United States that have committed to a high set of standards for investment and development with ASEAN, as determined by the Secretary of State. 
SEC. 206. UNITED STATES-REPUBLIC OF KOREA- JAPAN TRILATERAL SECURITY PART-NERSHIP. 
It is the sense of Congress that the President should develop a strategy to deepen the tri-lateral security cooperation between the United States, South Korea, and Japan, including mis-sile defense, intelligence-sharing, and other de-fense-related initiatives. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Dec 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A04DE6.011 S04DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7281 December 4, 2018 
SEC. 207. QUADRILATERAL SECURITY DIALOGUE. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the security dialogue between the United States, Australia, India, and Japan is vital to address pressing security challenges in the Indo- Pacific region in order to promote— (A) a rules-based order; (B) respect for international law; and (C) a free and open Indo-Pacific; and (2) such a dialogue is intended to augment, rather than to replace, current mechanisms. 
SEC. 208. ENHANCED SECURITY PARTNERSHIPS IN SOUTHEAST ASIA. 
(a) I NDONESIA .—The United States Govern-ment is committed to— (1) the United States-Indonesia Comprehen-sive Partnership, done in Washington November 9, 2010; (2) the Joint Statement on Comprehensive De-fense Cooperation, done in Washington October 26, 2015; and (3) all related and subsequent bilateral and se-curity agreements and arrangements between the United States and Indonesia concluded on or before the date of the enactment of this Act. (b) M
ALAYSIA .—The United States Govern-ment is committed to— (1) the United States-Malaysia Comprehensive Partnership, done at Putrajaya April 27, 2014; (2) the Joint Statement for Enhancing the Comprehensive Partnership between the United States of America and Malaysia, done in Wash-ington September 13, 2017; and (3) all related and subsequent bilateral and se-curity agreements and arrangements between the United States and Malaysia concluded on or before the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) S
INGAPORE .—The United States Govern-ment is committed to— (1) the Strategic Framework Agreement Be-tween the United States of America and the Re-public of Singapore for a Closer Cooperation Partnership in Defense and Security, done at Washington July 12, 2005; (2) the Enhanced Defense Cooperation Agree-ment, done at Arlington, Virginia December 7, 2015; and (3) all related and subsequent bilateral and se-curity agreements and arrangements between the United States and Singapore concluded on or before the date of the enactment of this Act. (d) V
IETNAM .—The United States Government is committed to— (1) the United States-Vietnam Comprehensive Partnership, done at Washington December 16, 2013; (2) the United States-Vietnam Joint Vision Statement on Defense Relations, done at Hanoi on June 1, 2015; (3) the United States-Vietnam Joint Vision Statement, done at Washington May 31, 2017; and (4) all related and subsequent bilateral and se-curity agreements and arrangements between the United States and Vietnam concluded on or before the date of the enactment of this Act. (e) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the United States should deepen diplomatic, economic, and security cooperation, especially in the areas of maritime security and counterterrorism, with Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore, and Vietnam. 
SEC. 209. COMMITMENT TO TAIWAN. 
(a) U NITED STATES COMMITMENT TO TAI-
WAN.—It is the policy of the United States— (1) to support the close economic, political, and security relationship between Taiwan and the United States; (2) to faithfully enforce all existing United States Government commitments to Taiwan, consistent with the Taiwan Relations Act of 1979 (Public Law 96–8), the 3 joint communiques, and the Six Assurances agreed to by President Ronald Reagan in July 1982; and (3) to counter efforts to change the status quo and to support peaceful resolution acceptable to both sides of the Taiwan Strait. (b) ARMS SALES TO TAIWAN .—The President should conduct regular transfers of defense arti-cles to Taiwan that are tailored to meet the ex-isting and likely future threats from the Peo-ple’s Republic of China, including supporting the efforts of Taiwan to develop and integrate asymmetric capabilities, as appropriate, includ-ing undersea warfare and air defense capabili-ties, into its military forces. (c) T
RAVEL .—The President should encourage the travel of high-level United States officials to Taiwan, in accordance with the Taiwan Travel Act (Public Law 115–135). 
SEC. 210. NORTH KOREA STRATEGY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) The Government of the Democratic Peo-ple’s Republic of Korea has flagrantly defied the international community by illicitly developing its nuclear and ballistic missile programs, in vio-lation of United Nations Security Council Reso-lutions 1718 (2006), 1874 (2009), 2087 (2013), 2094 (2013), 2270 (2016), 2321 (2016), 2371 (2017), 2375 (2017), and 2397 (2017 ). (2) The Government of the Democratic Peo-ple’s Republic of Korea engages in gross human rights abuses against its own people and citizens of other countries, including the United States, the Republic of Korea, and Japan. (3) The United States is committed to pursuing a peaceful denuclearization of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea through a policy of maximum pressure and engagement, in close concert with its partners. (b) P
OLICY OF THE UNITED STATES WITHRE-
SPECT TO SANCTIONS AGAINST THE DEMOCRATIC  P
EOPLE ’SREPUBLIC OF KOREA .— (1) S
TATEMENT OF POLICY .—It is the policy of the United States to continue to impose sanc-tions with respect to activities of the Govern-ment of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, persons acting for or on behalf of such government, or other persons in accordance with Executive Order 13687 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to imposing additional sanctions with respect to North Korea), Executive Order 13694 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to blocking the property of certain persons engaging in signifi-cant malicious cyber-enabled activities), Execu-tive Order 13722 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to blocking the property of the Government of North Korea and the Workers’ Party of Korea, and prohibiting certain transactions with re-spect to North Korea), and Executive Order 13810 (82 Fed. Reg. 44705; relating to imposing additional sanctions with respect to North Korea), as such Executive orders are in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act, until the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea is no longer engaged in the illicit activi-ties described in such Executive orders, includ-ing actions in violation of the United Nations Security Council resolutions referred to in sub-section (a)(1). (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 30 days after ter-minating any sanction with respect to the ac-tivities of the Government of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, a person acting for or on behalf of such government, or any other person provided for in an Executive order listed in subsection (a), the Secretary of State shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees justifying the termination of the sanction and explaining the relationship be-tween such termination and the cessation of any illicit activity that violates any of the United Nations Security Council resolutions referred to in subsection (a)(1) by such Government or per-son. (3) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to limit the au-thority of the President pursuant to the Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.). (c) P
OLICY OF THE UNITED STATES WITHRE-
SPECT TO NEGOTIATION ON THE DEMOCRATIC  P
EOPLE ’SREPUBLIC OF KOREA ’SNUCLEAR AND  BALLISTIC MISSILE PROGRAMS .—It is the policy of the United States that the objective of nego-tiations with respect to the nuclear and ballistic missile programs of the Democratic People’s Re-public of Korea be the complete, verifiable, and irreversible dismantlement of such programs. (d) R
EPORT ON A STRATEGY TO ADDRESS THE  T
HREATS POSED BY , AND THE CAPABILITIES OF , 
THE DEMOCRATIC PEOPLE ’SREPUBLIC OF  K
OREA .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter, the Secretary of State, or a designee of the Secretary, shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees that describes actions taken by the United States to address the threats posed by, and the capabili-ties of, the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea. (2) E
LEMENTS .—Each report required under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) a summary of ongoing efforts by the United States to identify strategies and policies, including an assessment of the strengths and weaknesses of such strategies and policies— (i) to achieve peaceful denuclearization of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea; and (ii) to eliminate the threat posed by the bal-listic missile program of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea; (B) an assessment of— (i) potential road maps toward peaceful denuclearization of the Democratic People’s Re-public of Korea and the elimination of the nu-clear and ballistic missile threats posed by the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea; and (ii) specific actions that the Democratic Peo-ple’s Republic of Korea would need to take for each such roadmap to become viable; (C) a summary of the United States strategy to increase international coordination and co-operation, whether unilaterally, bilaterally, or multilaterally, including sanctions enforcement and interdiction, to address the threat posed by the nuclear and ballistic missile programs of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, which shall include— (i) a description of the actions taken by the Secretary of State, or designees of the Secretary, to consult with governments around the world, with the purpose of inducing such governments to fully implement the United Nations Security Council resolutions referred to in subsection (a)(1); (ii) a description of the actions taken by such governments to fully implement United Nations Security Council resolutions related to the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea; (iii) a list of countries with governments that the Secretary has determined are noncoopera-tive with respect to implementing the United Na-tions Security Council resolutions referred to in subsection (a)(1); and (iv) a plan of action to engage, and increase cooperation with respect to the Democratic Peo-ple’s Republic of Korea, with the governments of the countries on the list described in clause (iii); (D) an assessment of the adequacy of the na-tional export control regimes of countries that are members of the United Nations, and multi-lateral export control regimes, that are nec-essary to enforce sanctions imposed with respect to the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea pursuant to the United Nations Security Coun-cil resolutions referred to in subsection (a)(1); and (E) an action plan to encourage and assist countries in adopting and using authorities nec-essary to enforce export controls required by United Nations Security Council resolutions. (3) F
ORM OF REPORT .—Each report required under this subsection shall be submitted in un-classified form, but may include a classified annex. (e) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) representatives of the United States shall use the voice and vote of the United States in all 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Dec 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A04DE6.011 S04DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7282 December 4, 2018 
international organizations, as appropriate, to advocate for the expulsion of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea from such organiza-tions, until such time as the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea meets its commitments under the United Nations Security Council resolutions referred to in subsection (a)(1); and (2) the Secretary of State should work to in-duce countries to meet their commitments under the United Nations Security Council resolutions referred to in subsection (a)(1), including by considering appropriate adjustments to the dip-lomatic posture and foreign assistance of the United States with governments that the Sec-retary has determined are noncooperative with respect to implementing the United Nations Se-curity Council resolutions referred to in sub-section (a)(1). 
SEC. 211. NEW ZEALAND. 
The United States Government is committed to— (1) the Wellington Declaration, signed on No-vember 5, 2010, which reaffirmed close ties and outlined future practical cooperation between the United States and New Zealand; (2) the Washington Declaration, signed on June 19, 2012, which strengthened the defense relationship by providing a framework and stra-tegic guidance for security cooperation and de-fense dialogues; and (3) all related and subsequent bilateral and se-curity agreements and arrangements between the United States and New Zealand concluded on or before the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 212. THE PACIFIC ISLANDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—It is the sense of Congress that the United States should— (1) support strong United States engagement with the nations of the South Pacific, including Fiji, Kiribati, the Marshall Islands, the Fed-erated States of Micronesia, Nauru, Palau, Papua New Guinea, Samoa, the Solomon Is-lands, Tonga, Tuvalu, and Vanuatu; (2) deepen its cooperation with the nations of the South Pacific in areas of mutual interest, including— (A) fisheries and marine resource conserva-tion; (B) environmental challenges and resilience; (C) global health; (D) development and trade; and (E) people-to-people ties; and (3) continue to provide assistance to the Pa-cific Islands, as appropriate, to support the rule of law, good governance, and economic develop-ment. (b) U
NITED STATES -COMPACTS OF FREEASSO-
CIATION .—It is the sense of Congress that the Compacts of Free Association entered between the United States and the Freely Associated States (Republic of Marshall Islands, the Fed-erated States of Micronesia, and the Republic of Palau)— (1) enhance the strategic posture of the United States in the Western Pacific; (2) reinforce United States regional commit-ment; (3) preempt potential adversaries from estab-lishing positional advantage; and (4) further self-governance, economic develop-ment, and self-sufficiency of the Freely Associ-ated States. 
SEC. 213. FREEDOM OF NAVIGATION AND OVER-FLIGHT; PROMOTION OF INTER-NATIONAL LAW. 
(a) F REEDOM OF NAVIGATION .—It is the policy of the United States— (1) to conduct, as part of its global Freedom of Navigation Program, regular freedom of naviga-tion, and overflight operations in the Indo-Pa-cific region, in accordance with applicable inter-national law; and (2) to promote genuine multilateral negotia-tions to peacefully resolve maritime disputes in the South China Sea, in accordance with appli-cable international law. (b) J
OINT INDO-PACIFIC DIPLOMATIC STRAT-
EGY.—It is the sense of Congress that the Presi-dent should develop a diplomatic strategy that includes working with United States allies and partners to conduct joint maritime training and freedom of navigation operations in the Indo- Pacific region, including the East China Sea and the South China Sea, in support of a rules- based international system benefitting all coun-tries. SEC. 214. COMBATING TERRORISM IN SOUTHEAST ASIA. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS .— The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (C) the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives; and (D) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (2) ISIS.—The term ‘‘ISIS’’ means the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence, in consultation with the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Defense, and other appropriate Federal officials, shall submit a report to the appropriate committees of Congress that contains an assessment of the current and future capabilities and activities of ISIS-linked, al-Qaeda-linked, and other violent extremist groups in Southeast Asia that pose a significant threat to the United States, its allies, and its citizens interests abroad. (c) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (b) shall include— (1) the current number of ISIS-linked, al- Qaeda-linked, and other violent extremist group-affiliated fighters in Southeast Asia; (2) an estimate of the number of ISIS-linked, al-Qaeda-linked, and other violent extremist group-affiliated fighters expected to return to Southeast Asia from fighting in the Middle East; (3) an analysis of the amounts and sources of ISIS-linked, al Qaeda-linked, and other various extremist group affiliated-fighters in Southeast Asia; (4) the current resources available to combat the threat of ISIS-linked, al-Qaeda-linked, and other violent extremist group-affiliated fighters in Southeast Asia, and the additional resources required to combat such threat; (5) a detailed assessment of the capabilities of ISIS-linked, al-Qaeda-linked, and other violent extremist group-affiliated fighters to operate ef-fectively in the Indo-Pacific region, including the Philippines, Indonesia, and Malaysia; (6) a description of the capabilities and re-sources of governments in Southeast Asia to counter violent extremist groups; and (7) a list of additional United States resources and capabilities that the Department of Defense and the Department of State recommend pro-viding to governments in Southeast Asia to com-bat violent extremist groups. 
SEC. 215. CYBERSECURITY COOPERATION. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that there should be robust cybersecu-rity cooperation between the United States and nations in the Indo-Pacific region— (1) to effectively respond to cybersecurity threats, including state-sponsored threats; (2) to share best practices to combat such threats; and (3) to strengthen resilience against misin-formation and propaganda. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary for each of the fiscal years 2019 through 2023— (1) to build capacity for responding to cyberse-curity threats originating in the Indo-Pacific re-gion; and (2) to enhance cooperation between the United States and Indo-Pacific nations for combating such threats. SEC. 216. NONPROLIFERATION AND ARMS CON-TROL IN THE INDO-PACIFIC REGION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The United States Govern-ment— (1) recognizes that the spread of nuclear and other weapons of mass destruction, and their means of delivery, constitutes a threat to inter-national peace and security; (2) seeks to peacefully address the unique challenge posed to regional and global stability by the illicit use, and the proliferation to and from North Korea, of sensitive nuclear and mis-sile technologies, and other weapons of mass de-struction; (3) notes efforts by China and Russia— (A) to expand and modernize their respective nuclear arsenals, including through significant research and development resources in hypersonic glide vehicles and other advanced technologies; and (B) to pursue sales of commercial nuclear technologies; and (4) recognizes the legitimate pursuit by many countries in the Indo-Pacific region of nuclear energy for a variety of peaceful applications. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the United States Government should undertake all reasonable and appro-priate efforts to pursue effective arms control and nonproliferation policies in the Indo-Pacific region to limit the further spread of weapons of mass destruction and their means of delivery. TITLE III—PROMOTING UNITED STATES ECONOMIC INTERESTS IN THE INDO-PA-CIFIC REGION 
SEC. 301. FINDINGS; SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) According to the United States Chamber of Commerce, by 2030— (A) 66 percent of the global middle class popu-lation will be living in Asia; and (B) 59 percent of middle class consumption will take place in Asia. (2) According to the Asian Development Bank— (A) Asian countries have signed 140 bilateral or regional trade agreements; and (B) 75 more trade agreements with Asian countries are under negotiation or concluded and awaiting entry into force. (3) Free trade agreements between the United States and 3 nations in the Indo-Pacific region (Australia, Singapore, and the Republic of Korea) have entered into force. (4) The member states of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (referred to in this sec-tion as ‘‘ASEAN’’), as a group— (A) represent the fifth largest economy in the world; and (B) have a combined gross domestic product of $2,400,000,000,000. (5) The economy comprised of ASEAN member states grew by 66 percent between 2006 and 2015, and the total value of bilateral trade between the United States and ASEAN member states has increased by 78 percent since 2004. (6) In 2015, the trade surplus of goods sold by companies in ASEAN member states to con-sumers in the United States was $77,000,000,000, while the United States 2015 trade surplus of services provided to consumers in ASEAN mem-ber states was $8,000,000,000. (7) According to US-ASEAN Business Council, goods and services exported from the United States to ASEAN member states support 550,000 jobs in the United States. (8) According to the Business Roundtable— (A) the United States, Australia, Brunei, Can-ada, Chile, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zea-land, Peru, Singapore and Vietnam were re-sponsible for a combined 40 percent of global gross domestic product in 2017; and (B) United States bilateral trade with the other nations referred to in subparagraph (A) supports 15,600,000 jobs in the United States. (9) According to the United States National Security Strategy— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Dec 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A04DE6.011 S04DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7283 December 4, 2018 
(A) ASEAN and Asia-Pacific Economic Co-operation ‘‘remain centerpieces of the Indo- Pacific’s regional architecture and platforms for promoting an order based on freedom’’; and (B) the United States will ‘‘work with part-ners to build a network of states dedicated to free markets and protected from forces that would subvert their sovereignty.’’. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that trade between the United States and the nations in the Indo-Pacific region is vi-tally important to the United States economy, United States exports, and jobs in the United States. 
SEC. 302. TRADE NEGOTIATIONS, MULTILATERAL AGREEMENTS, AND REGIONAL ECO-NOMIC SUMMITS. 
Congress supports— (1) multilateral, bilateral, or regional trade agreements that increase United States employ-ment and expand the economy; (2) formal economic dialogues that include concrete, verifiable, and measured outcomes; (3) high-standard bilateral investment treaties between the United States and nations in the Indo-Pacific region; (4) negotiations of the Trade in Services Agreement and the Environmental Goods Agree-ment that include several major Asian econo-mies; and (5) the proactive, strategic, and continuing high-level use of the Asia-Pacific Economic Co-operation forum, the East Asia Summit, and the Group of 20 to pursue United States economic objectives in the Indo-Pacific region. 
SEC. 303. UNITED STATES-ASEAN ECONOMIC PARTNERSHIP. 
The President is authorized to negotiate a comprehensive economic engagement framework with the Association of Southeast Asian Na-tions. 
SEC. 304. TRADE CAPACITY BUILDING AND TRADE FACILITATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President is encouraged to produce a robust and comprehensive trade ca-pacity building and trade facilitation strategy for the Indo-Pacific region. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated such amounts as may be necessary to carry out sub-section (a). 
SEC. 305. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY PROTEC-TION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President is encouraged to make enforcement of United States intellec-tual property laws a top priority, including tak-ing all appropriate action to deter and punish commercial cyber-enabled theft of intellectual property. (b) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the President shall submit a report to Congress that— (1) describes the efforts of the United States Government to combat intellectual property vio-lations and commercial cyber-enabled theft in the Indo-Pacific region, particularly the Peo-ple’s Republic of China; and (2) includes a country-by-country assessment of priority areas for United States engagement and capacity building assistance. (c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated such amounts as may be necessary to sponsor bilat-eral and multilateral activities designed to build capacity in the identified priority areas de-scribed in the annual report required under sub-section (b). 
SEC. 306. ENERGY PROGRAMS AND INITIATIVES. 
(a) I NDO-PACIFIC ENERGY STRATEGY .— (1) S
TRATEGY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annu-ally thereafter, the President shall establish a comprehensive, integrated, multiyear strategy to encourage the efforts of Indo-Pacific countries to implement national power strategies and co-operation with United States energy companies to develop an appropriate mix of power solu-tions to provide access to sufficient, reliable, and affordable power in order to reduce poverty and drive economic growth and job creation. (2) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated such amounts as may be necessary to carry out para-graph (1). (b) R
ELIABLE ENERGY PARTNERSHIPS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the President should establish bilateral and regional initiatives to increase energy secu-rity in the Indo-Pacific region; (2) the United States should reaffirm support for liquefied natural gas exports to the nations in the Indo-Pacific region; (3) the United States should seek to establish partnership between Department of Energy na-tional laboratories and Indo-Pacific countries to provide technical assistance on electrical grid development and for the development and de-ployment of new and advanced energy tech-nologies; and (4) the United States should explore opportu-nities to partner with the private sector and multilateral institutions, such as the World Bank and the Asian Development Bank, to pro-mote universal access to reliable electricity in Myanmar (historically known as ‘‘Burma’’). 
SEC. 307. LOWER MEKONG INITIATIVE. 
The Secretary of State, in cooperation with the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, should increase regional engagement in the areas of environ-ment, health, education, and infrastructure de-velopment with the Lower Mekong countries, in-cluding— (1) assisting in the development of programs that focus on forecasting environmental chal-lenges and resilience; (2) assisting with transnational cooperation on sustainable uses of forest and water re-sources with the goal of preserving the biodiver-sity of the Mekong Basin and access to safe drinking water; (3) assisting with education enrollment and broadband internet connectivity, particularly English training and connectivity in rural com-munities; and (4) improving global health in the Lower Mekong countries, including— (A) reducing the HIV/AIDS infection rate; and (B) helping regional partners to track and treat malaria and tuberculosis. 
SEC. 308. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON ECONOMIC GROWTH AND NATURAL RESOURCE CONSERVATION. 
It is the sense of Congress that the President should encourage the governments of countries in the Indo-Pacific region and United States private sector interests with operations and in-vestments in the region to deploy agriculture practices that— (1) conserve natural resources; and (2) preserve culturally and ecological valuable lands and water bodies. 
SEC. 309. SENSE OF CONGRESS IN SUPPORT OF WOMEN’S ECONOMIC RIGHTS. 
It is the sense of the Congress that the United States should— (1) support activities that secure private prop-erty rights and land tenure for women in devel-oping countries in Asia, including— (A) establishing legal frameworks to give women equal rights to own, register, use, profit from, and inherit land and property; (B) improving legal literacy to enable women to exercise the rights described in subparagraph (A); and (C) increasing the capacity of law enforce-ment and community leaders to enforce such rights; (2) work with Asian civil society, govern-ments, and multilateral organizations to in-crease the capability of disadvantaged women and girls in Asia— (A) to realize their rights; (B) to determine their life outcomes; (C) to assume leadership roles; and (D) to influence decision-making in their households, communities, and societies; and (3) seek to expand access to appropriate finan-cial products and services for women-owned micro, small, and medium-sized enterprises in Asia. TITLE IV—PROMOTING UNITED STATES VALUES IN THE INDO-PACIFIC REGION SEC. 401. FINDINGS. 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) The promotion of human rights and re-spect for democratic values in the Indo-Pacific region is in the United States’ national security interest. (2) Continued support for human rights, democratic values, and good governance is crit-ical to a successful United States diplomatic strategy in the Indo-Pacific. (3) Strong support for human rights and de-mocracy in the Indo-Pacific region is critical to efforts to reduce poverty, build rule of law, com-bat corruption, reduce the allure of extremism, and promote economic growth. (4) There are serious concerns with the rule of law and civil liberties in Cambodia, China, North Korea, Laos, Thailand, and Vietnam, which have all been identified by Freedom House as ‘‘Not Free’’. (5) There have been unacceptable human rights developments in— (A) Burma (Myanmar), which has been iden-tified by Freedom House as ‘‘Not Free’’, accord-ing to the Department of State, and the Depart-ment of State has declared that the violence against the Rohingya constitutes ethnic cleans-ing; (B) the Philippines, which has been identified by Freedom House as ‘‘Partly Free’’, and where there are continued disturbing reports of extra- judicial killings; and (C) China, where forced disappearances, ex-tralegal detentions, and lack of due process in judicial proceedings remain troublesome. (6) according to the National Security Strat-egy, the United States— (A) will ‘‘support, with our words and ac-tions, those who live under oppressive regimes and who seek freedom, individual dignity, and the rule of law’’; (B) ‘‘may use diplomacy, sanctions, and other tools to isolate states and leaders who threaten our interests and whose actions run contrary to our values’’; and (C) ‘‘will support efforts to advance women’s equality, protect the rights of women and girls, and promote women and youth empowerment programs’’. 
SEC. 402. TRAFFICKING-IN-PERSONS. 
The President is encouraged to pursue addi-tional efforts to combat trafficking in persons and human slavery in the Indo-Pacific region. 
SEC. 403. FREEDOM OF THE PRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) United States Government officials should lead by example— (A) by continuing to advocate for freedom of the press in the Indo-Pacific region; and (B) by engaging with the press corps at every appropriate opportunity; and (2) the United States should advocate and support a Ministerial to Advance Press Freedom in the Indo-Pacific to convene government and civil society, including journalists, to discuss and address the challenges facing press freedom in the Indo-Pacific region. 
SEC. 404. DEMOCRACY, HUMAN RIGHTS, AND LABOR PERSONNEL. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) United States embassies and consulates in the Indo-Pacific region should have personnel, as appropriate, who are dedicated to reporting on and advancing United States democracy, human rights, labor, anti-corruption, and good governance policy interests; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Dec 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A04DE6.011 S04DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7284 December 4, 2018 
(2) appropriate resources should be made available to carry out such activities. 
SEC. 405. BILATERAL AND REGIONAL DIALOGUES; PEOPLE-TO-PEOPLE ENGAGEMENT. 
The Secretary of State should, as appro-priate— (1) establish high-level bilateral and regional dialogues with nations in the Indo-Pacific re-gion regarding human rights and religious free-dom violations; (2) establish or support robust, people-to-peo-ple exchange programs in the Indo-Pacific re-gion, particularly programs engaging young leaders; and (3) establish educational exchanges and ca-pacity-building programs emphasizing civil soci-ety development. 
SEC. 406. ASSOCIATION OF SOUTHEAST ASIAN NA-TIONS HUMAN RIGHTS STRATEGY. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the United States should continue to work with ASEAN to improve the capacity of ASEAN to address human rights, democracy, and good governance issues in Southeast Asia. (b) S
TRATEGY .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of State shall submit a strategy to the ap-propriate congressional committees to increase cooperation with ASEAN to promote human rights, democracy, and good governance in Southeast Asia. (c) C
ONTENTS .—The strategy submitted under subsection (b) should include— (1) an assessment of the types of United States Government resources available to support in-creased cooperation; and (2) an assessment to identify entities within ASEAN that the United States could potentially support or partner with to promote human rights, democracy, and good governance in Southeast Asia. 
SEC. 407. FREEDOM OF INFORMATION TO NORTH KOREA. 
The President is encouraged to continue ef-forts to enhance freedom of information access with regard to North Korea. 
SEC. 408. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS AND SUSPENSION OF UNITED STATES ASSISTANCE. 
(a) S ANCTIONS .—It is the sense of Congress that the President should impose sanctions, in accordance with applicable law and other rel-evant authorities, including targeted financial penalties and visa bans, on any individual or entity that— (1) violates human rights or religious free-doms; or (2) engages in censorship activities. (b) S
USPENSION OF FOREIGN ASSISTANCE .—It is the sense of Congress that the President should, in accordance with applicable law, terminate, suspend, or otherwise alter United States eco-nomic assistance to any country that has en-gaged in serious violations of human rights or religious freedoms. 
SEC. 409. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) P ROMOTION OF DEMOCRACY IN THE INDO- P
ACIFIC REGION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—There is authorized to be ap-propriated $210,000,000, for each of the fiscal years 2019 through 2023, to promote democracy, strengthen civil society, human rights, rule of law, transparency, and accountability in the Indo-Pacific region, including for universities, civil society, and multilateral institutions that are focusing on education awareness, training, and capacity building. (2) D
EMOCRACY IN CHINA .—Amounts appro-priated pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be made available for United States Government efforts, led by the Assistant Secretary of State for De-mocracy, Human Rights, and Labor, to promote democracy, the rule of law, and human rights in the People’s Republic of China. (3) T
IBET.—Amounts appropriated pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be made available for nongovernmental organizations to support ac-tivities preserving cultural traditions and pro-moting sustainable development, education, and environmental conservation in Tibetan commu-nities in the Tibet Autonomous Region and in other Tibetan communities in China, India, and Nepal. SEC. 410. INDO-PACIFIC HUMAN RIGHTS AND EN-VIRONMENTAL DEFENDERS. 
(a) D EFINED TERM.—In this section, the term ‘‘human rights and environmental defenders’’ means individuals, working alone or in groups, who nonviolently advocate for the promotion and protection of universally recognized human rights, fundamental freedoms, land issues, or the conservation of local ecosystems if the advo-cacy of such issues may result in the risk of safety or life. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that human rights and environmental defenders in the Indo-Pacific region have been facing increased difficulties with the rise of un-precedented crackdowns and conflicts. (c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary to support human rights and environmental defenders through the Department of State’s Human Rights Defenders Fund. 
SEC. 411. YOUNG LEADERS PEOPLE-TO-PEOPLE INITIATIVES. 
There are authorized to be appropriated such amounts as may be necessary, for fiscal years 2019 through 2025, to support Indo-Pacific young leaders initiatives, including the Young Southeast Asian Leaders Initiative, the ASEAN Youth Volunteers Program, and other people-to- people exchange programs that focus on build-ing the capacity of democracy, human rights, and good governance activists in the Indo-Pa-cific region. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the Gardner amendment at the desk be agreed to, the com-mittee-reported amendment, as amend-ed, be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 4068) was agreed to as follows: 
(Purpose: To make technical edits to the bill) On page 48, in the undesignated matter re-lating to section 410, strike ‘‘and environ-mental’’. On page 54, line 13, insert ‘‘the free and re-liable flow of information,’’ after ‘‘the rule of law,’’. On page 56, line 11, strike ‘‘(3)’’ and insert the following: (3) the Committee on Finance of the Sen-ate; (4) On page 56, line 12, strike ‘‘and’’. On page 56, line 13, strike ‘‘(4)’’ and insert ‘‘(5)’’. On page 56, line 14, strike the period at the end and insert ‘‘; and’’. On page 56, between lines 14 and 15, insert the following: (6) the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives. On page 57, line 1, insert ‘‘and resiliency’’ after ‘‘defense capacity’’. On page 57, beginning on line 19, strike ‘‘and’’ and all that follows through ‘‘(5)’’ on line 20, and insert the following: (5) to help partner countries strengthen their democratic systems, with a focus on good governance; (6) to ensure that the regulatory environ-ments for trade, infrastructure, and invest-ment in partner countries are transparent, open, and free of corruption; (7) to encourage responsible natural re-source management in partner countries, which is closely associated with economic growth; and (8) On page 63, line 4, insert ‘‘and religion’’ be-fore ‘‘within China’’. On page 67, line 7, insert ‘‘activities under the United States–ASEAN Trade and Invest-ment Framework Arrangement and’’ before ‘‘the United States-ASEAN Connect’’. On page 68, line 24, strike ‘‘, the Secretary of State’’ and insert ‘‘for the following 5 years, the Secretary of State, in consulta-tion with other Federal agencies,’’. On page 74, beginning on line 6, strike ‘‘un-dersea warfare and air defense’’ and insert ‘‘mobile, survivable, and cost-effective’’. On page 75, line 14, insert ‘‘Executive Order 13551 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to block-ing property of certain persons with respect to North Korea),’’ after ‘‘in accordance with’’. On page 75, line 16, strike ‘‘with respect to North Korea’’. On page 76, line 14, insert ‘‘, in consulta-tion with the Secretary of the Treasury,’’ after ‘‘State’’. On page 76, line 20, insert ‘‘The reporting requirement under this paragraph shall ter-minate on the date that is 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act.’’ after ‘‘person.’’ On page 77, beginning on line 14, strike ‘‘, the Secretary of State, or a designee of the Secretary,’’ and insert ‘‘for the following 5 years, the Secretary of State, or a designee of the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury,’’. On page 86, strike lines 17 through 19 and insert the following: (3) to strengthen resilience against cyberattacks, misinformation, and propa-ganda; and (4) to strengthen the resilience of critical infrastructure. Beginning on page 86, line 21, strike ‘‘such sums’’ and all that follows through page 87, line 3, and insert the following: ‘‘$100,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 2019 through 2023 to enhance cooperation between the United States and Indo-Pacific nations for the pur-poses of combatting cybersecurity threats.’’. On page 92, line 2, strike ‘‘is authorized’’ and insert ‘‘should seek to develop’’. On page 92, line 9, strike ‘‘for’’ and insert ‘‘, including leveling the playing field for American companies competing in’’. On page 92, line 15, strike ‘‘is encouraged to make’’ and insert ‘‘should takes steps to strengthen the’’. On page 92, line 17, insert ‘‘as’’ after ‘‘laws’’. On page 92, line 22, insert ‘‘for the fol-lowing 5 years’’ after ‘‘after’’. On page 93, line 7, insert ‘‘to the United States Trade Representative’’ after ‘‘appro-priated’’. On page 93, strike lines 13 through 22 and insert the following: (1) S
TRATEGY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for the following 5 years, the President shall establish a com-prehensive, integrated, multiyear strategy to encourage the efforts of Indo-Pacific countries to implement national power strategies and cooperation with United States energy companies and the Depart-ment of Energy national laboratories to de-velop an appropriate mix of power solutions to provide access to sufficient, reliable, and affordable power in order to reduce poverty, drive economic growth and job creation, and to increase energy security in the Indo-Pa-cific region. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Dec 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04DE6.011 S04DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7285 December 4, 2018 
On page 93, lines 24 and 25, strike ‘‘such amounts as may be necessary’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’. On page 94, strike lines 1 through 20 and in-sert the following: (b) R
ELIABLE ENERGY PARTNERSHIPS .—It is the sense of Congress that the United States should explore opportunities to partner with the private sector and multilateral institu-tions, such as the World Bank and the Asian Development Bank, to promote universal ac-cess to reliable electricity in the Indo-Pa-cific region, including Myanmar (historically known as ‘‘Burma’’). On page 94, line 22, strike ‘‘The Secretary of State’’ and insert the following: (a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary of State On page 95, between lines 18 and 19, insert the following: (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter through 2023, the Sec-retary of State, in cooperation with the Ad-ministrator of the United States Agency for International Development, shall submit a report to Congress that includes— (1) a list and evaluation of Lower Mekong Initiative activities since its inception in 2009; (2) a strategy for any increased regional engagement and measures of success for the activities described in paragraph (1); and (3) an accounting of funds used to execute Lower Mekong Initiative activities. On page 98, lines 6 and 7, strike ‘‘as ‘Not Free’, according to the Department of State,’’ and insert ‘‘as ‘Partly Free’,’’. On page 98, line 16, insert ‘‘invasive and omnipresent surveillance,’’ after ‘‘deten-tions’’. On page 101, line 9, insert ‘‘, after consulta-tion with the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment,’’ after ‘‘Secretary of State’’. On page 102, line 5, insert ‘‘targeted finan-cial penalties and visa ban’’ after ‘‘impose’’. On page 102, lines 6 and 7, strike ‘‘including targeted financial penalties and visa bans,’’. Beginning on page 103, strike line 18 and all that follows through page 104, line 11, and insert the following: 
SEC. 410. INDO-PACIFIC HUMAN RIGHTS DEFEND-ERS. 
(a) D EFINED TERM.—In this section, the term ‘‘human rights defenders’’ means indi-viduals, working alone or in groups, who nonviolently advocate for the promotion and protection of universally recognized human rights and fundamental freedoms if the advo-cacy of such issues may result in the risk of safety or life. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that human rights defenders in the Indo-Pacific region have been facing in-creased difficulties with the rise of unprece-dented crackdowns and conflicts. (c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated $1,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 2019 through 2023 to provide critical assistance to human rights defenders through the Depart-ment of State’s Human Rights Defenders Fund. (d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter through 2023, the Sec-retary of State, in cooperation with the Ad-ministrator of the United States Agency for International Development, shall submit a report to Congress that includes— (1) a list and evaluation of the Human Rights Defenders Fund activities since its in-ception; (2) a strategy for any increased regional engagement and measures of success for the activities described in paragraph (1); and (3) an accounting of funds used to execute the Human Rights Defender Fund activities. On page 104, lines 14 and 15, strike ‘‘such amounts as may be necessary, for fiscal years 2019 through 2025,’’ and insert ‘‘$25,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’. At the end of the bill, insert the following: SEC. 412. SAVINGS PROVISION. 
Nothing in this Act may be construed as authorizing the use of military force. 
The committee-reported amendment was agreed to. The bill (S. 2736), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed as follows: 
S. 2736 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Asia Reassurance Initiative Act of 2018’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Findings. TITLE I—UNITED STATES POLICY AND DIPLOMATIC STRATEGY IN THE INDO- PACIFIC REGION Sec. 101. Policy. Sec. 102. Diplomatic strategy. TITLE II—PROMOTING UNITED STATES SECURITY INTERESTS IN THE INDO-PA-CIFIC REGION Sec. 201. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 202. Treaty alliances in the Indo-Pacific region. Sec. 203. United States-China relationship. Sec. 204. United States-India strategic part-nership. Sec. 205. United States-ASEAN strategic partnership. Sec. 206. United States-Republic of Korea- Japan trilateral security part-nership. Sec. 207. Quadrilateral security dialogue. Sec. 208. Enhanced security partnerships in Southeast Asia. Sec. 209. Commitment to Taiwan. Sec. 210. North Korea strategy. Sec. 211. New Zealand. Sec. 212. The Pacific Islands. Sec. 213. Freedom of navigation and over-flight; promotion of inter-national law. Sec. 214. Combating terrorism in Southeast Asia. Sec. 215. Cybersecurity cooperation. Sec. 216. Nonproliferation and arms control in the Indo-Pacific region. TITLE III—PROMOTING UNITED STATES ECONOMIC INTERESTS IN THE INDO- PACIFIC REGION Sec. 301. Findings; sense of Congress. Sec. 302. Trade negotiations, multilateral agreements, and regional eco-nomic summits. Sec. 303. United States-ASEAN economic partnership. Sec. 304. Trade capacity building and trade facilitation. Sec. 305. Intellectual property protection. Sec. 306. Energy programs and initiatives. Sec. 307. Lower Mekong initiative. Sec. 308. Sense of Congress on economic growth and natural resource conservation. Sec. 309. Sense of Congress in support of women’s economic rights. TITLE IV—PROMOTING UNITED STATES VALUES IN THE INDO-PACIFIC REGION Sec. 401. Findings. Sec. 402. Trafficking-in-persons. Sec. 403. Freedom of the press. Sec. 404. Democracy, human rights, and labor personnel. Sec. 405. Bilateral and regional dialogues; people-to-people engagement. Sec. 406. Association of Southeast Asian Na-tions Human Rights Strategy. Sec. 407. Freedom of information to North Korea. Sec. 408. Sense of Congress on imposition of sanctions and suspension of United States assistance. Sec. 409. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 410. Indo-Pacific human rights defend-ers. Sec. 411. Young leaders people-to-people ini-tiatives. SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) The Indo-Pacific region— (A) represents nearly 50 percent of the global population; (B) is home to some of the most dynamic economies in the world; and (C) poses security challenges that threaten to undermine United States national secu-rity interests, regional peace, and global sta-bility. (2) The core tenets of the United States- backed international system are being chal-lenged, including by— (A) China’s illegal construction and mili-tarization of artificial features in the South China Sea and coercive economic practices; (B) North Korea’s acceleration of its nu-clear and ballistic missile capabilities; and (C) the increased presence throughout Southeast Asia of the Islamic State (referred to in this Act as ‘‘ISIS’’) and other inter-national terrorist organizations that threat-en the United States. (3) The economic order in the Indo-Pacific region continues to transform, presenting opportunities and challenges to United States economic interests. (4) The United States has a fundamental interest in defending human rights and pro-moting the rule of law in the Indo-Pacific re-gion. Although many countries in the region have improved the treatment of their citi-zens, several Indo-Pacific governments con-tinue to commit human rights abuses and place restrictions on basic human rights and political and civil liberties. (5) Without strong leadership from the United States, the international system, fun-damentally rooted in the rule of law, may wither, to the detriment of United States, regional, and global interests. It is impera-tive that the United States continue to play a leading role in the Indo-Pacific region by— (A) defending peace and security; (B) advancing economic prosperity; and (C) promoting respect for fundamental human rights. (6) In 2017, the Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecurity Policy of the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions of the Senate held a series of hearings on United States leadership in the Indo-Pa-cific region, in which— (A) experts, including Representative Randy Forbes, Ambassador Robert Gallucci, Ms. Tami Overby, Dr. Robert Orr, Ambas-sador Derek Mitchell, Ambassador Robert King, Mr. Murray Hiebert, and others de-tailed the security challenges, economic op-portunities, and imperatives of promoting the rule of law, human rights, and democ-racy, in the Indo-Pacific region; and (B) Dr. Graham Allison, the Douglas Dillon Professor of Government at the John F. Ken-nedy School of Government at Harvard Uni-versity, testified, ‘‘As realistic students of history, Chinese leaders recognize that the role the United States has played since World War II as the architect and under-writer of regional stability and security has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 Dec 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04DE6.008 S04DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7286 December 4, 2018 
been essential to the rise of Asia, including China itself. But they believe that as the tide that brought the United States to Asia recedes, America must leave with it. Much as Britain’s role in the Western Hemisphere faded at the beginning of the twentieth cen-tury, so must America’s role in Asia as the region’s historic superpower resumes its place.’’. (7) The United States National Security Strategy (referred to in this Act as the ‘‘Na-tional Security Strategy’’), which was re-leased in December 2017, states— (A) ‘‘A geopolitical competition between free and repressive visions of world order is taking place in the Indo-Pacific region. The region, which stretches from the west coast of India to the western shores of the United States, represents the most populous and economically dynamic part of the world. The United States interest in a free and open Indo-Pacific extends back to the earliest days of our republic.’’; and (B) ‘‘Our vision for the Indo-Pacific ex-cludes no nation. We will redouble our com-mitment to established alliances and part-nerships, while expanding and deepening re-lationships with new partners that share re-spect for sovereignty, fair and reciprocal trade, and the rule of law. We will reinforce our commitment to freedom of the seas and the peaceful resolution of territorial and maritime disputes in accordance with inter-national law. We will work with allies and partners to achieve complete, verifiable, and irreversible denuclearization on the Korean Peninsula and preserve the non-proliferation regime in Northeast Asia.’’. TITLE I—UNITED STATES POLICY AND DIPLOMATIC STRATEGY IN THE INDO- PACIFIC REGION 
SEC. 101. POLICY. 
It is the policy of the United States to de-velop and commit to a long-term strategic vision and a comprehensive, multifaceted, and principled United States policy for the Indo-Pacific region that— (1) secures the vital national security in-terests of the United States and our allies and partners; (2) promotes American prosperity and eco-nomic interests by advancing economic growth and development of a rules-based Indo-Pacific economic community; (3) advances American influence by reflect-ing the values of the American people and universal human rights; (4) supports functional problem-solving re-gional architecture; and (5) accords with and supports the rule of law and international norms. 
SEC. 102. DIPLOMATIC STRATEGY. 
It is the diplomatic strategy of the United States— (1) to work with United States allies— (A) to confront common challenges; (B) to improve information sharing; (C) to increase defense investment and trade; (D) to ensure interoperability; and (E) to strengthen shared capabilities; (2) to strengthen relationships with part-ners who— (A) share mutual respect for the rule of law; (B) agree with fair and reciprocal trade; and (C) understand the importance of civil so-ciety, the rule of law, the free and reliable flow of information, and transparent govern-ance; (3) to support functional problem-solving regional architecture, including through the Association of Southeast Asian Nations, Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation, and the East Asia Summit; (4) to emphasize the commitment of the United States— (A) to freedom of navigation under inter-national law; (B) to promote peaceful resolutions of mar-itime and territorial disputes; and (C) to expand security and defense coopera-tion with allies and partners, as appropriate; (5) to pursue diplomatic measures to achieve complete, verifiable, and irreversible denuclearization of North Korea; (6) to improve civil society, strengthen the rule of law, and advocate for transparent governance; (7) to develop and grow the economy through private sector partnerships between the United States and Indo-Pacific partners; (8) to pursue multilateral and bilateral trade agreements in a free, fair, and recip-rocal manner and build a network of part-ners in the Indo-Pacific committed to free markets; (9) to work with and encourage Indo-Pa-cific countries— (A) to pursue high-quality and transparent infrastructure projects; (B) to maintain unimpeded commerce, open sea lines or air ways, and communica-tion; and (C) to seek the peaceful resolution of dis-putes; and (10) to sustain a strong military presence in the Indo-Pacific region and strengthen se-curity relationships with allies and partners throughout the region. TITLE II—PROMOTING UNITED STATES SECURITY INTERESTS IN THE INDO-PA-CIFIC REGION SEC. 201. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) D EFINED TERM.—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; (2) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (3) the Committee on Finance of the Sen-ate; (4) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; (5) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and (6) the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated for the Department of State, the United States Agency for International Development, and, as appropriate, the Department of Defense, $1,500,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 2019 through 2023, which shall be used— (1) to advance United States foreign policy interests and objectives in the Indo-Pacific region in recognition of the value of diplo-matic initiatives and programs in the fur-therance of United States strategy; (2) to improve the defense capacity and re-siliency of partner nations to resist coercion and deter and defend against security threats, including through foreign military financing and international military edu-cation and training programs; (3) to conduct regular bilateral and multi-lateral engagements, particularly with the United States’ most highly-capable allies and partners, to meet strategic challenges, including— (A) certain destabilizing activities of the People’s Republic of China; and (B) emerging threats, such as the nuclear and ballistic missile programs of the Demo-cratic People’s Republic of Korea; (4) to build new counterterrorism partner-ship programs in Southeast Asia to combat the growing presence of ISIS and other ter-rorist organizations that pose a significant threat to the United States, its allies, and its citizens’ interests abroad; (5) to help partner countries strengthen their democratic systems, with a focus on good governance; (6) to ensure that the regulatory environ-ments for trade, infrastructure, and invest-ment in partner countries are transparent, open, and free of corruption; (7) to encourage responsible natural re-source management in partner countries, which is closely associated with economic growth; and (8) to increase maritime domain awareness programs in South Asia and Southeast Asia— (A) by expanding the scope of naval and coast guard training efforts with Southeast Asian countries; (B) by expanding cooperation with demo-cratic partners in South Asia, including Ban-gladesh, Nepal, and Sri Lanka; (C) through intelligence sharing and other information-sharing efforts; and (D) through multilateral engagements, in-cluding by involving Japan, Australia, and India in such efforts. (c) COUNTERING CHINA’SINFLUENCE TO UN-
DERMINE THE INTERNATIONAL SYSTEM .— Amounts appropriated pursuant to sub-section (b) shall be made available for United States Government efforts to counter the strategic influence of the People’s Republic of China, in accordance with the strategy re-quired under section 7043(e)(3) of the Depart-ment of State, Foreign Operations, and Re-lated Programs Appropriations Act, 2014 (di-vision K of Public Law 113–76; 128 Stat. 536) and in consultation with the appropriate committees of Congress. (d) B
URMA .—None of the amounts appro-priated pursuant to subsection (b) may be made available for International Military Education and Training and Foreign Mili-tary Financing Programs for the armed forces of the Republic of the Union of Myanmar (historically known as ‘‘Burma’’). (e) P
HILIPPINES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—None of the amounts ap-propriated pursuant to subsection (b) may be made available for counternarcotics assist-ance for the Philippine National Police un-less the Secretary of State determines and reports to the appropriate committees of Congress that the Government of the Phil-ippines has adopted and is implementing a counternarcotics strategy that is consistent with international human rights standards, including investigating and prosecuting indi-viduals who are credibly alleged to have or-dered, committed, or covered up extrajudicial killings and other gross viola-tions of human rights in the conduct of counternarcotics operations. (2) E
XCEPTION .—The limitation under para-graph (1) shall not apply to funds made avail-able— (A) for drug demand reduction, maritime programs, or transnational interdiction pro-grams; or (B) to support for the development of such counternarcotics strategy, after consulta-tion with the appropriate committees of Congress. (f) C
AMBODIA .—None of the amounts au-thorized to be appropriated pursuant to sub-section (b) may be made available for United States assistance programs that benefit the Government of Cambodia unless the Sec-retary of State certifies and reports to the appropriate congressional committees that the requirements under section 7043(b)(1) of division K of the Consolidated Appropria-tions Act, 2018 (Public Law 115–141) have been met. 
SEC. 202. TREATY ALLIANCES IN THE INDO-PA-CIFIC REGION. 
(a) U NITED STATES -JAPAN ALLIANCE .—The United States Government— (1) is committed to the Treaty of Mutual Cooperation and Security between the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Dec 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04DE6.012 S04DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7287 December 4, 2018 
United States and Japan, done at Wash-ington, January 19, 1960, and all related and subsequent bilateral security agreements and arrangements concluded on or before the date of the enactment of this Act; (2) recognizes the vital role of the alliance between the United States and Japan in pro-moting peace and security in the Indo-Pa-cific region; and (3) calls for the strengthening and broad-ening of diplomatic, economic, and security ties between the United States and Japan. (b) U
NITED STATES -REPUBLIC OF KOREA AL-
LIANCE .—The United States Government— (1) is committed to the Mutual Defense Treaty Between the United States and the Republic of Korea, done at Washington Octo-ber 1, 1953, and all related and subsequent bi-lateral security agreements and arrange-ments concluded on or before the date of the enactment of this Act; (2) recognizes the vital role of the alliance between the United States and South Korea in promoting peace and security in the Indo- Pacific region; and (3) calls for the strengthening and broad-ening of diplomatic, economic, and security ties between the United States and the Re-public of Korea. (c) U
NITED STATES -AUSTRALIA ALLIANCE .— The United States Government— (1) is committed to the Security Treaty Between Australia and the United States of America, done at San Francisco September 1, 1951, and all related and subsequent bilat-eral security agreements and arrangements concluded on or before the date of the enact-ment of this Act; (2) recognizes the vital role of the alliance between the United States and Australia in promoting peace and security in the Indo-Pa-cific region; and (3) calls for the strengthening and broad-ening of diplomatic, economic, and security ties between the United States and Aus-tralia. (d) U
NITED STATES -PHILIPPINES ALLIANCE .— The United States Government is committed to the Mutual Defense Treaty between the Republic of the Philippines and the United States of America, done at Washington Au-gust 30, 1951, and all related and subsequent bilateral security agreements and arrange-ments concluded on or before the date of the enactment of this Act, including the En-hanced Defense Cooperation Agreement, done at Manila April 28, 2014. (e) T
HAILAND .—The United States Govern-ment is committed to— (1) the Agreement Respecting Military As-sistance Between the Government of the United States of America and the Govern-ment of Thailand, done at Bangkok October 17, 1950; (2) the Southeast Asia Collective Defense Treaty, done at Manila September 8, 1954; and (3) all related and subsequent bilateral se-curity agreements and arrangements con-cluded on or before the date of the enact-ment of this Act, including the Joint Vision Statement for the Thai-United States De-fense Alliance, issued in Bangkok November 15, 2012. 
SEC. 203. UNITED STATES-CHINA RELATIONSHIP. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The United States Gov-ernment— (1) expresses grave concerns with Chinese actions that seek— (A) to further constrain space for civil so-ciety and religion within China; and (B) to undermine a rules-based order in the Indo-Pacific region; (2) encourages China to play a constructive role in world affairs by demonstrating con-sistent respect for the rule of law and inter-national norms; (3) seeks to build a positive, cooperative, and comprehensive relationship with China— (A) by expanding areas of cooperation; and (B) by addressing areas of disagreement, including over human rights, economic poli-cies, and maritime security; and (4) is committed to working with China on shared regional and global challenges, espe-cially— (A) upholding and strengthening the rules- based international system; and (B) the denuclearization of North Korea. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the United States should— (1) welcome a decision by China to change course and pursue a responsible results-ori-ented relationship with the United States and engagement on global issues; (2) encourage China to play a constructive role in the Indo-Pacific region and globally; and (3) continue to call out Chinese actions that undermine the rules-based international system. 
SEC. 204. UNITED STATES-INDIA STRATEGIC PARTNERSHIP. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The United States Gov-ernment— (1) recognizes the vital role of the strategic partnership between the United States and India in promoting peace and security in the Indo-Pacific region; (2) calls for the strengthening and broad-ening of diplomatic, economic, and security ties between the United States and India; and (3) is committed to— (A) the New Framework for the United States-India Defense Relationship, done at Arlington, Virginia on June 28, 2005; (B) the United States-India Defense Tech-nology and Trade Initiative, launched in 2012; (C) the Joint Strategic Vision for the Indo- Pacific and Indian Ocean Region, announced on January 25, 2015; (D) the United States-India Joint State-ment on Prosperity Through Partnership, issued on June 26, 2017; and (E) all related and subsequent bilateral and security agreements and arrangements con-cluded as of the date of the enactment of this Act. (b) I
NDIA AS MAJOR DEFENSE PARTNER .— Congress makes the following findings: (1) Section 1292(a)(1)(A) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2559; 22 U.S.C. 2751 note) requires the recognition of India as a major defense partner. (2) The designation of India as a major de-fense partner, which is unique to India— (A) institutionalizes the progress made to facilitate defense trade and technology shar-ing between the United States and India; (B) elevates defense trade and technology cooperation between the United States and India to a level commensurate with the clos-est allies and partners of the United States; (C) facilitates technology sharing between the United States and India, including li-cense-free access to a wide range of dual-use technologies, after taking into account na-tional security concerns; and (D) facilitates joint exercises, coordination on defense strategy and policy, military ex-changes, and port calls in support of defense cooperation between the United States and India. 
SEC. 205. UNITED STATES-ASEAN STRATEGIC PARTNERSHIP. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the United States should— (1) support and reaffirm the elevation of the United States-Association of Southeast Asian Nations (referred to in this section as ‘‘ASEAN’’) relationship to a strategic part-nership; (2) recommit to ASEAN centrality by help-ing build a strong, stable, politically cohe-sive, economically integrated, and socially responsible community of nations that has common rules, norms, procedures, and stand-ards which are consistent with international law and the principles of a rules-based Indo- Pacific community; (3) urge ASEAN to continue its efforts to foster greater integration among its mem-bers; (4) recognize the value of— (A) ASEAN engagement with economic, po-litical, and security partners within Asia and elsewhere, including Australia, Canada, the European Union, India, Japan, New Zealand, Norway, the Republic of Korea, and Taiwan; and (B) strategic economic initiatives, such as activities under the United States–ASEAN Trade and Investment Framework Arrange-ment and the United States-ASEAN Con-nect, which demonstrate a commitment to ASEAN and the ASEAN Economic Commu-nity and build upon economic relationships in the Indo-Pacific region; (5) support efforts by the nations com-prising ASEAN— (A) to address maritime and territorial dis-putes in a constructive manner; and (B) to pursue claims through peaceful, dip-lomatic, and legitimate regional and inter-national arbitration mechanisms, consistent with international law, including through the adoption of a code of conduct in the South China Sea to further promote peace and stability in the Indo-Pacific region; (6) support efforts by United States part-ners and allies in ASEAN— (A) to enhance maritime capability and maritime domain awareness; (B) to protect unhindered access to, and use of, international waterways in the Asia- Pacific region that are critical to ensuring the security and free flow of commerce; (C) to counter piracy; (D) to disrupt illicit maritime trafficking activities such as the trafficking of persons, goods, and drugs; and (E) to enhance the maritime capabilities of countries or regional organizations to re-spond to emerging threats to maritime secu-rity in the Asia-Pacific region; and (7) urge ASEAN member states to develop a common approach to reaffirm the decision of the Permanent Court of Arbitration’s rul-ing with respect to the case between the Re-public of the Philippines and the People’s Republic of China. (b) REPORT ON STRATEGIC FRAMEWORK FOR  E
NGAGEMENT WITHASEAN.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for the following 5 years, the Secretary of State, in consulta-tion with other Federal agencies, shall sub-mit a report to the appropriate congressional committees on a strategic framework to ad-minister programs, projects, and activities of the United States to support diplomatic and economic engagement between the United States and ASEAN member countries for the 10-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall address the following ele-ments of United States strategy: (A) Promoting commercial engagement be-tween the United States and member coun-tries of ASEAN. (B) Helping member countries of ASEAN use sustainable, efficient, and innovative technologies in their respective energy sec-tors. (C) Supporting economic conditions in member countries of ASEAN that promote innovation, the creation of new businesses, sustainable growth, and the education of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Dec 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04DE6.012 S04DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7288 December 4, 2018 
region’s future innovators, entrepreneurs, and business leaders. (D) Working with member countries of ASEAN to improve the policy and regulatory environment for growth, trade, innovation, and investment. (E) Supporting the regional integration ob-jectives of member countries of ASEAN under the ASEAN Economic Community. (F) Partnership opportunities with the governments of other countries friendly to the United States that have committed to a high set of standards for investment and de-velopment with ASEAN, as determined by the Secretary of State. 
SEC. 206. UNITED STATES-REPUBLIC OF KOREA- JAPAN TRILATERAL SECURITY PARTNERSHIP. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Presi-dent should develop a strategy to deepen the trilateral security cooperation between the United States, South Korea, and Japan, in-cluding missile defense, intelligence-sharing, and other defense-related initiatives. 
SEC. 207. QUADRILATERAL SECURITY DIALOGUE. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the security dialogue between the United States, Australia, India, and Japan is vital to address pressing security challenges in the Indo-Pacific region in order to pro-mote— (A) a rules-based order; (B) respect for international law; and (C) a free and open Indo-Pacific; and (2) such a dialogue is intended to augment, rather than to replace, current mechanisms. 
SEC. 208. ENHANCED SECURITY PARTNERSHIPS IN SOUTHEAST ASIA. 
(a) I NDONESIA .—The United States Govern-ment is committed to— (1) the United States-Indonesia Com-prehensive Partnership, done in Washington November 9, 2010; (2) the Joint Statement on Comprehensive Defense Cooperation, done in Washington Oc-tober 26, 2015; and (3) all related and subsequent bilateral and security agreements and arrangements be-tween the United States and Indonesia con-cluded on or before the date of the enact-ment of this Act. (b) M
ALAYSIA .—The United States Govern-ment is committed to— (1) the United States-Malaysia Comprehen-sive Partnership, done at Putrajaya April 27, 2014; (2) the Joint Statement for Enhancing the Comprehensive Partnership between the United States of America and Malaysia, done in Washington September 13, 2017; and (3) all related and subsequent bilateral and security agreements and arrangements be-tween the United States and Malaysia con-cluded on or before the date of the enact-ment of this Act. (c) S
INGAPORE .—The United States Govern-ment is committed to— (1) the Strategic Framework Agreement Between the United States of America and the Republic of Singapore for a Closer Co-operation Partnership in Defense and Secu-rity, done at Washington July 12, 2005; (2) the Enhanced Defense Cooperation Agreement, done at Arlington, Virginia De-cember 7, 2015; and (3) all related and subsequent bilateral and security agreements and arrangements be-tween the United States and Singapore con-cluded on or before the date of the enact-ment of this Act. (d) V
IETNAM .—The United States Govern-ment is committed to— (1) the United States-Vietnam Comprehen-sive Partnership, done at Washington De-cember 16, 2013; (2) the United StatesVietnam Joint Vision Statement on Defense Relations, done at Hanoi on June 1, 2015; (3) the United StatesVietnam Joint Vision Statement, done at Washington May 31, 2017; and (4) all related and subsequent bilateral and security agreements and arrangements be-tween the United States and Vietnam con-cluded on or before the date of the enact-ment of this Act. (e) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the United States should deep-en diplomatic, economic, and security co-operation, especially in the areas of mari-time security and counterterrorism, with In-donesia, Malaysia, Singapore, and Vietnam. 
SEC. 209. COMMITMENT TO TAIWAN. 
(a) U NITED STATES COMMITMENT TO TAI-
WAN.—It is the policy of the United States— (1) to support the close economic, political, and security relationship between Taiwan and the United States; (2) to faithfully enforce all existing United States Government commitments to Taiwan, consistent with the Taiwan Relations Act of 1979 (Public Law 96–8), the 3 joint commu-niques, and the Six Assurances agreed to by President Ronald Reagan in July 1982; and (3) to counter efforts to change the status quo and to support peaceful resolution ac-ceptable to both sides of the Taiwan Strait. (b) A
RMSSALES TO TAIWAN .—The President should conduct regular transfers of defense articles to Taiwan that are tailored to meet the existing and likely future threats from the People’s Republic of China, including supporting the efforts of Taiwan to develop and integrate asymmetric capabilities, as appropriate, including mobile, survivable, and cost-effective capabilities, into its mili-tary forces. (c) T
RAVEL .—The President should encour-age the travel of highlevel United States of-ficials to Taiwan, in accordance with the Taiwan Travel Act (Public Law 115–135). 
SEC. 210. NORTH KOREA STRATEGY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The Government of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea has flagrantly de-fied the international community by illicitly developing its nuclear and ballistic missile programs, in violation of United Nations Se-curity Council Resolutions 1718 (2006), 1874 (2009), 2087 (2013), 2094 (2013), 2270 (2016), 2321 (2016), 2371 (2017), 2375 (2017), and 2397 (2017). (2) The Government of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea engages in gross human rights abuses against its own people and citizens of other countries, including the United States, the Republic of Korea, and Japan. (3) The United States is committed to pur-suing a peaceful denuclearization of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea through a policy of maximum pressure and engagement, in close concert with its part-ners. (b) P
OLICY OF THE UNITED STATES WITHRE-
SPECT TO SANCTIONS AGAINST THE DEMO-
CRATIC PEOPLE ’SREPUBLIC OF KOREA .— (1) S
TATEMENT OF POLICY .—It is the policy of the United States to continue to impose sanctions with respect to activities of the Government of the Democratic People’s Re-public of Korea, persons acting for or on be-half of such government, or other persons in accordance with Executive Order 13551 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to blocking prop-erty of certain persons with respect to North Korea), Executive Order 13687 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to imposing additional sanc-tions), Executive Order 13694 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to blocking the property of certain persons engaging in significant mali-cious cyberenabled activities), Executive Order 13722 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to blocking the property of the Government of North Korea and the Workers’ Party of Korea, and prohibiting certain transactions with respect to North Korea), and Executive Order 13810 (82 Fed. Reg. 44705; relating to imposing additional sanctions with respect to North Korea), as such Executive orders are in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act, until the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea is no longer en-gaged in the illicit activities described in such Executive orders, including actions in violation of the United Nations Security Council resolutions referred to in subsection (a)(1). (2) REPORT .—Not later than 30 days after terminating any sanction with respect to the activities of the Government of the Demo-cratic People’s Republic of Korea, a person acting for or on behalf of such government, or any other person provided for in an Execu-tive order listed in subsection (a), the Sec-retary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, shall submit a re-port to the appropriate congressional com-mittees justifying the termination of the sanction and explaining the relationship be-tween such termination and the cessation of any illicit activity that violates any of the United Nations Security Council resolutions referred to in subsection (a)(1) by such Gov-ernment or person. The reporting require-ment under this paragraph shall terminate on the date that is 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (3) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to limit the authority of the President pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.). (c) P
OLICY OF THE UNITED STATES WITHRE-
SPECT TO NEGOTIATION ON THE DEMOCRATIC  P
EOPLE ’SREPUBLIC OF KOREA ’SNUCLEAR AND  B
ALLISTIC MISSILE PROGRAMS .—It is the pol-icy of the United States that the objective of negotiations with respect to the nuclear and ballistic missile programs of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea be the complete, verifiable, and irreversible dismantlement of such programs. (d) R
EPORT ON A STRATEGY TO ADDRESS THE  T
HREATS POSED BY , AND THE CAPABILITIES OF , 
THE DEMOCRATIC PEOPLE ’SREPUBLIC OF  K
OREA .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter for the fol-lowing 5 years, the Secretary of State, or a designee of the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, shall submit a report to the appropriate congres-sional committees that describes actions taken by the United States to address the threats posed by, and the capabilities of, the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea. (2) E
LEMENTS .—Each report required under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) a summary of ongoing efforts by the United States to identify strategies and poli-cies, including an assessment of the strengths and weaknesses of such strategies and policies— (i) to achieve peaceful denuclearization of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea; and (ii) to eliminate the threat posed by the ballistic missile program of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea; (B) an assessment of— (i) potential road maps toward peaceful denuclearization of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea and the elimination of the nuclear and ballistic missile threats posed by the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea; and (ii) specific actions that the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea would need to take for each such roadmap to become via-ble; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Dec 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04DE6.012 S04DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7289 December 4, 2018 
(C) a summary of the United States strat-egy to increase international coordination and cooperation, whether unilaterally, bilat-erally, or multilaterally, including sanctions enforcement and interdiction, to address the threat posed by the nuclear and ballistic missile programs of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, which shall include— (i) a description of the actions taken by the Secretary of State, or designees of the Secretary, to consult with governments around the world, with the purpose of induc-ing such governments to fully implement the United Nations Security Council resolutions referred to in subsection (a)(1); (ii) a description of the actions taken by such governments to fully implement United Nations Security Council resolutions related to the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea; (iii) a list of countries with governments that the Secretary has determined are non-cooperative with respect to implementing the United Nations Security Council resolu-tions referred to in subsection (a)(1); and (iv) a plan of action to engage, and in-crease cooperation with respect to the Demo-cratic People’s Republic of Korea, with the governments of the countries on the list de-scribed in clause (iii); (D) an assessment of the adequacy of the national export control regimes of countries that are members of the United Nations, and multilateral export control regimes, that are necessary to enforce sanctions imposed with respect to the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea pursuant to the United Nations Se-curity Council resolutions referred to in sub-section (a)(1); and (E) an action plan to encourage and assist countries in adopting and using authorities necessary to enforce export controls required by United Nations Security Council resolu-tions. (3) F
ORM OF REPORT .—Each report required under this subsection shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classi-fied annex. (e) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) representatives of the United States shall use the voice and vote of the United States in all international organizations, as appropriate, to advocate for the expulsion of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea from such organizations, until such time as the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea meets its commitments under the United Na-tions Security Council resolutions referred to in subsection (a)(1); and (2) the Secretary of State should work to induce countries to meet their commitments under the United Nations Security Council resolutions referred to in subsection (a)(1), including by considering appropriate adjust-ments to the diplomatic posture and foreign assistance of the United States with govern-ments that the Secretary has determined are noncooperative with respect to imple-menting the United Nations Security Coun-cil resolutions referred to in subsection (a)(1). 
SEC. 211. NEW ZEALAND. 
The United States Government is com-mitted to— (1) the Wellington Declaration, signed on November 5, 2010, which reaffirmed close ties and outlined future practical cooperation be-tween the United States and New Zealand; (2) the Washington Declaration, signed on June 19, 2012, which strengthened the defense relationship by providing a framework and strategic guidance for security cooperation and defense dialogues; and (3) all related and subsequent bilateral and security agreements and arrangements be-tween the United States and New Zealand concluded on or before the date of enactment of this Act. SEC. 212. THE PACIFIC ISLANDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—It is the sense of Congress that the United States should— (1) support strong United States engage-ment with the nations of the South Pacific, including Fiji, Kiribati, the Marshall Is-lands, the Federated States of Micronesia, Nauru, Palau, Papua New Guinea, Samoa, the Solomon Islands, Tonga, Tuvalu, and Vanuatu; (2) deepen its cooperation with the nations of the South Pacific in areas of mutual inter-est, including— (A) fisheries and marine resource conserva-tion; (B) environmental challenges and resil-ience; (C) global health; (D) development and trade; and (E) people-to-people ties; and (3) continue to provide assistance to the Pacific Islands, as appropriate, to support the rule of law, good governance, and eco-nomic development. (b) U
NITED STATES -COMPACTS OF FREEAS-
SOCIATION .—It is the sense of Congress that the Compacts of Free Association entered be-tween the United States and the Freely As-sociated States (Republic of Marshall Is-lands, the Federated States of Micronesia, and the Republic of Palau)— (1) enhance the strategic posture of the United States in the Western Pacific; (2) reinforce United States regional com-mitment; (3) preempt potential adversaries from es-tablishing positional advantage; and (4) further self-governance, economic de-velopment, and self-sufficiency of the Freely Associated States. 
SEC. 213. FREEDOM OF NAVIGATION AND OVER-FLIGHT; PROMOTION OF INTER-NATIONAL LAW. 
(a) F REEDOM OF NAVIGATION .—It is the pol-icy of the United States— (1) to conduct, as part of its global Free-dom of Navigation Program, regular freedom of navigation, and overflight operations in the Indo-Pacific region, in accordance with applicable international law; and (2) to promote genuine multilateral nego-tiations to peacefully resolve maritime dis-putes in the South China Sea, in accordance with applicable international law. (b) J
OINT INDO-PACIFIC DIPLOMATIC STRAT -
EGY.—It is the sense of Congress that the President should develop a diplomatic strat-egy that includes working with United States allies and partners to conduct joint maritime training and freedom of navigation operations in the Indo-Pacific region, includ-ing the East China Sea and the South China Sea, in support of a rules-based international system benefitting all countries. 
SEC. 214. COMBATING TERRORISM IN SOUTH-EAST ASIA. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON -
GRESS .—The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (C) the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives; and (D) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (2) ISIS.—The term ‘‘ISIS’’ means the Is-lamic State of Iraq and Syria. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence, in con-sultation with the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Defense, and other appropriate Federal officials, shall submit a report to the appropriate committees of Congress that contains an assessment of the current and future capabilities and activities of ISIS- linked, al-Qaeda-linked, and other violent extremist groups in Southeast Asia that pose a significant threat to the United States, its allies, and its citizens interests abroad. (c) ELEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (b) shall include— (1) the current number of ISIS-linked, al- Qaeda-linked, and other violent extremist group-affiliated fighters in Southeast Asia; (2) an estimate of the number of ISIS- linked, al-Qaeda-linked, and other violent extremist group-affiliated fighters expected to return to Southeast Asia from fighting in the Middle East; (3) an analysis of the amounts and sources of ISIS-linked, al Qaeda-linked, and other various extremist group affiliated-fighters in Southeast Asia; (4) the current resources available to com-bat the threat of ISIS-linked, al-Qaeda- linked, and other violent extremist group-af-filiated fighters in Southeast Asia, and the additional resources required to combat such threat; (5) a detailed assessment of the capabilities of ISIS-linked, al-Qaeda-linked, and other violent extremist group-affiliated fighters to operate effectively in the Indo-Pacific re-gion, including the Philippines, Indonesia, and Malaysia; (6) a description of the capabilities and re-sources of governments in Southeast Asia to counter violent extremist groups; and (7) a list of additional United States re-sources and capabilities that the Department of Defense and the Department of State rec-ommend providing to governments in South-east Asia to combat violent extremist groups. 
SEC. 215. CYBERSECURITY COOPERATION. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that there should be robust cyber-security cooperation between the United States and nations in the Indo-Pacific re-gion— (1) to effectively respond to cybersecurity threats, including state-sponsored threats; (2) to share best practices to combat such threats; (3) to strengthen resilience against cyberattacks, misinformation, and propa-ganda; and (4) to strengthen the resilience of critical infrastructure. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated $100,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 2019 through 2023 to enhance cooperation between the United States and Indo-Pacific nations for the purposes of combatting cybersecurity threats. 
SEC. 216. NONPROLIFERATION AND ARMS CON-TROL IN THE INDO-PACIFIC REGION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The United States Gov-ernment— (1) recognizes that the spread of nuclear and other weapons of mass destruction, and their means of delivery, constitutes a threat to international peace and security; (2) seeks to peacefully address the unique challenge posed to regional and global sta-bility by the illicit use, and the proliferation to and from North Korea, of sensitive nu-clear and missile technologies, and other weapons of mass destruction; (3) notes efforts by China and Russia— (A) to expand and modernize their respec-tive nuclear arsenals, including through sig-nificant research and development resources in hypersonic glide vehicles and other ad-vanced technologies; and (B) to pursue sales of commercial nuclear technologies; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Dec 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04DE6.012 S04DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7290 December 4, 2018 
(4) recognizes the legitimate pursuit by many countries in the Indo-Pacific region of nuclear energy for a variety of peaceful ap-plications. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the United States Government should undertake all reasonable and appro-priate efforts to pursue effective arms con-trol and nonproliferation policies in the Indo-Pacific region to limit the further spread of weapons of mass destruction and their means of delivery. TITLE III—PROMOTING UNITED STATES ECONOMIC INTERESTS IN THE INDO-PA-CIFIC REGION 
SEC. 301. FINDINGS; SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) According to the United States Cham-ber of Commerce, by 2030— (A) 66 percent of the global middle class population will be living in Asia; and (B) 59 percent of middle class consumption will take place in Asia. (2) According to the Asian Development Bank— (A) Asian countries have signed 140 bilat-eral or regional trade agreements; and (B) 75 more trade agreements with Asian countries are under negotiation or concluded and awaiting entry into force. (3) Free trade agreements between the United States and 3 nations in the Indo-Pa-cific region (Australia, Singapore, and the Republic of Korea) have entered into force. (4) The member states of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (referred to in this section as ‘‘ASEAN’’), as a group— (A) represent the fifth largest economy in the world; and (B) have a combined gross domestic prod-uct of $2,400,000,000,000. (5) The economy comprised of ASEAN member states grew by 66 percent between 2006 and 2015, and the total value of bilateral trade between the United States and ASEAN member states has increased by 78 percent since 2004. (6) In 2015, the trade surplus of goods sold by companies in ASEAN member states to consumers in the United States was $77,000,000,000, while the United States 2015 trade surplus of services provided to con-sumers in ASEAN member states was $8,000,000,000. (7) According to US-ASEAN Business Council, goods and services exported from the United States to ASEAN member states support 550,000 jobs in the United States. (8) According to the Business Roundtable— (A) the United States, Australia, Brunei, Canada, Chile, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Peru, Singapore and Vietnam were responsible for a combined 40 percent of global gross domestic product in 2017; and (B) United States bilateral trade with the other nations referred to in subparagraph (A) supports 15,600,000 jobs in the United States. (9) According to the United States Na-tional Security Strategy— (A) ASEAN and Asia-Pacific Economic Co-operation ‘‘remain centerpieces of the Indo- Pacific’s regional architecture and platforms for promoting an order based on freedom’’; and (B) the United States will ‘‘work with part-ners to build a network of states dedicated to free markets and protected from forces that would subvert their sovereignty.’’. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that trade between the United States and the nations in the Indo-Pacific re-gion is vitally important to the United States economy, United States exports, and jobs in the United States. SEC. 302. TRADE NEGOTIATIONS, MULTILATERAL AGREEMENTS, AND REGIONAL ECO-NOMIC SUMMITS. 
Congress supports— (1) multilateral, bilateral, or regional trade agreements that increase United States employment and expand the economy; (2) formal economic dialogues that include concrete, verifiable, and measured outcomes; (3) high-standard bilateral investment treaties between the United States and na-tions in the Indo-Pacific region; (4) negotiations of the Trade in Services Agreement and the Environmental Goods Agreement that include several major Asian economies; and (5) the proactive, strategic, and continuing high-level use of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation forum, the East Asia Summit, and the Group of 20 to pursue United States economic objectives in the Indo-Pacific re-gion. 
SEC. 303. UNITED STATES-ASEAN ECONOMIC PARTNERSHIP. 
The President should seek to develop to negotiate a comprehensive economic engage-ment framework with the Association of Southeast Asian Nations. 
SEC. 304. TRADE CAPACITY BUILDING AND TRADE FACILITATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President is encour-aged to produce a robust and comprehensive trade capacity building and trade facilita-tion strategy, including leveling the playing field for American companies competing in the Indo-Pacific region. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated such amounts as may be necessary to carry out subsection (a). 
SEC. 305. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY PROTEC-TION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President should takes steps to strengthen the enforcement of United States intellectual property laws as a top priority, including taking all appropriate action to deter and punish commercial cyber-enabled theft of intellectual property. (b) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for the fol-lowing 5 years, the President shall submit a report to Congress that— (1) describes the efforts of the United States Government to combat intellectual property violations and commercial cyber- enabled theft in the Indo-Pacific region, par-ticularly the People’s Republic of China; and (2) includes a country-by-country assess-ment of priority areas for United States en-gagement and capacity building assistance. (c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to the United States Trade Representative such amounts as may be necessary to sponsor bi-lateral and multilateral activities designed to build capacity in the identified priority areas described in the annual report required under subsection (b). 
SEC. 306. ENERGY PROGRAMS AND INITIATIVES. 
(a) I NDO-PACIFIC ENERGY STRATEGY .— (1) S
TRATEGY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for the following 5 years, the President shall establish a com-prehensive, integrated, multiyear strategy to encourage the efforts of Indo-Pacific countries to implement national power strategies and cooperation with United States energy companies and the Depart-ment of Energy national laboratories to de-velop an appropriate mix of power solutions to provide access to sufficient, reliable, and affordable power in order to reduce poverty, drive economic growth and job creation, and to increase energy security in the Indo-Pa-cific region. (2) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated $1,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 2019 through 2023 to carry out paragraph (1). (b) R
ELIABLE ENERGY PARTNERSHIPS .—It is the sense of Congress that the United States should explore opportunities to partner with the private sector and multilateral institu-tions, such as the World Bank and the Asian Development Bank, to promote universal ac-cess to reliable electricity in the Indo-Pa-cific region, including Myanmar (historically known as ‘‘Burma’’). 
SEC. 307. LOWER MEKONG INITIATIVE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of State, in cooperation with the Administrator of the United States Agency for International De-velopment, should increase regional engage-ment in the areas of environment, health, education, and infrastructure development with the Lower Mekong countries, includ-ing— (1) assisting in the development of pro-grams that focus on forecasting environ-mental challenges and resilience; (2) assisting with transnational coopera-tion on sustainable uses of forest and water resources with the goal of preserving the bio-diversity of the Mekong Basin and access to safe drinking water; (3) assisting with education enrollment and broadband internet connectivity, particu-larly English training and connectivity in rural communities; and (4) improving global health in the Lower Mekong countries, including— (A) reducing the HIV/AIDS infection rate; and (B) helping regional partners to track and treat malaria and tuberculosis. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter through 2023, the Sec-retary of State, in cooperation with the Ad-ministrator of the United States Agency for International Development, shall submit a report to Congress that includes— (1) a list and evaluation of Lower Mekong Initiative activities since its inception in 2009; (2) a strategy for any increased regional engagement and measures of success for the activities described in paragraph (1); and (3) an accounting of funds used to execute Lower Mekong Initiative activities. 
SEC. 308. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON ECONOMIC GROWTH AND NATURAL RESOURCE CONSERVATION. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Presi-dent should encourage the governments of countries in the Indo-Pacific region and United States private sector interests with operations and investments in the region to deploy agriculture practices that— (1) conserve natural resources; and (2) preserve culturally and ecological valu-able lands and water bodies. 
SEC. 309. SENSE OF CONGRESS IN SUPPORT OF WOMEN’S ECONOMIC RIGHTS. 
It is the sense of the Congress that the United States should— (1) support activities that secure private property rights and land tenure for women in developing countries in Asia, including— (A) establishing legal frameworks to give women equal rights to own, register, use, profit from, and inherit land and property; (B) improving legal literacy to enable women to exercise the rights described in subparagraph (A); and (C) increasing the capacity of law enforce-ment and community leaders to enforce such rights; (2) work with Asian civil society, govern-ments, and multilateral organizations to in-crease the capability of disadvantaged women and girls in Asia— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Dec 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04DE6.012 S04DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7291 December 4, 2018 
(A) to realize their rights; (B) to determine their life outcomes; (C) to assume leadership roles; and (D) to influence decision-making in their households, communities, and societies; and (3) seek to expand access to appropriate fi-nancial products and services for women- owned micro, small, and medium-sized enter-prises in Asia. TITLE IV—PROMOTING UNITED STATES VALUES IN THE INDO-PACIFIC REGION 
SEC. 401. FINDINGS. 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) The promotion of human rights and re-spect for democratic values in the Indo-Pa-cific region is in the United States’ national security interest. (2) Continued support for human rights, democratic values, and good governance is critical to a successful United States diplo-matic strategy in the Indo-Pacific. (3) Strong support for human rights and democracy in the Indo-Pacific region is crit-ical to efforts to reduce poverty, build rule of law, combat corruption, reduce the allure of extremism, and promote economic growth. (4) There are serious concerns with the rule of law and civil liberties in Cambodia, China, North Korea, Laos, Thailand, and Vietnam, which have all been identified by Freedom House as ‘‘Not Free’’. (5) There have been unacceptable human rights developments in— (A) Burma (Myanmar), which has been identified by Freedom House as ‘‘Partly Free’’, and the Department of State has de-clared that the violence against the Rohingya constitutes ethnic cleansing; (B) the Philippines, which has been identi-fied by Freedom House as ‘‘Partly Free’’, and where there are continued disturbing reports of extra-judicial killings; and (C) China, where forced disappearances, ex-tralegal detentions, invasive and omni-present surveillance, and lack of due process in judicial proceedings remain troublesome. (6) according to the National Security Strategy, the United States— (A) will ‘‘support, with our words and ac-tions, those who live under oppressive re-gimes and who seek freedom, individual dig-nity, and the rule of law’’; (B) ‘‘may use diplomacy, sanctions, and other tools to isolate states and leaders who threaten our interests and whose actions run contrary to our values’’; and (C) ‘‘will support efforts to advance wom-en’s equality, protect the rights of women and girls, and promote women and youth em-powerment programs’’. 
SEC. 402. TRAFFICKING-IN-PERSONS. 
The President is encouraged to pursue ad-ditional efforts to combat trafficking in per-sons and human slavery in the Indo-Pacific region. 
SEC. 403. FREEDOM OF THE PRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) United States Government officials should lead by example— (A) by continuing to advocate for freedom of the press in the Indo-Pacific region; and (B) by engaging with the press corps at every appropriate opportunity; and (2) the United States should advocate and support a Ministerial to Advance Press Free-dom in the Indo-Pacific to convene govern-ment and civil society, including journalists, to discuss and address the challenges facing press freedom in the Indo-Pacific region. 
SEC. 404. DEMOCRACY, HUMAN RIGHTS, AND LABOR PERSONNEL. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) United States embassies and consulates in the Indo-Pacific region should have per-sonnel, as appropriate, who are dedicated to reporting on and advancing United States democracy, human rights, labor, anti-corrup-tion, and good governance policy interests; and (2) appropriate resources should be made available to carry out such activities. SEC. 405. BILATERAL AND REGIONAL DIALOGUES; PEOPLE-TO-PEOPLE ENGAGEMENT. 
The Secretary of State should, as appro-priate— (1) establish high-level bilateral and re-gional dialogues with nations in the Indo-Pa-cific region regarding human rights and reli-gious freedom violations; (2) establish or support robust, people-to- people exchange programs in the Indo-Pa-cific region, particularly programs engaging young leaders; and (3) establish educational exchanges and ca-pacity-building programs emphasizing civil society development. 
SEC. 406. ASSOCIATION OF SOUTHEAST ASIAN NA-TIONS HUMAN RIGHTS STRATEGY. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the United States should con-tinue to work with ASEAN to improve the capacity of ASEAN to address human rights, democracy, and good governance issues in Southeast Asia. (b) S
TRATEGY .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, after consultation with the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, shall submit a strategy to the appropriate con-gressional committees to increase coopera-tion with ASEAN to promote human rights, democracy, and good governance in South-east Asia. (c) C
ONTENTS .—The strategy submitted under subsection (b) should include— (1) an assessment of the types of United States Government resources available to support increased cooperation; and (2) an assessment to identify entities with-in ASEAN that the United States could po-tentially support or partner with to promote human rights, democracy, and good govern-ance in Southeast Asia. 
SEC. 407. FREEDOM OF INFORMATION TO NORTH KOREA. 
The President is encouraged to continue efforts to enhance freedom of information access with regard to North Korea. 
SEC. 408. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS AND SUSPENSION OF UNITED STATES ASSISTANCE. 
(a) S ANCTIONS .—It is the sense of Congress that the President should impose targeted fi-nancial penalties and visa ban sanctions, in accordance with applicable law and other relevant authorities, on any individual or en-tity that— (1) violates human rights or religious free-doms; or (2) engages in censorship activities. (b) S
USPENSION OF FOREIGN ASSISTANCE .—It is the sense of Congress that the President should, in accordance with applicable law, terminate, suspend, or otherwise alter United States economic assistance to any country that has engaged in serious viola-tions of human rights or religious freedoms. 
SEC. 409. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) P ROMOTION OF DEMOCRACY IN THE INDO- P
ACIFIC REGION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—There is authorized to be appropriated $210,000,000, for each of the fis-cal years 2019 through 2023, to promote de-mocracy, strengthen civil society, human rights, rule of law, transparency, and ac-countability in the Indo-Pacific region, in-cluding for universities, civil society, and multilateral institutions that are focusing on education awareness, training, and capac-ity building. (2) D
EMOCRACY IN CHINA .—Amounts appro-priated pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be made available for United States Govern-ment efforts, led by the Assistant Secretary of State for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor, to promote democracy, the rule of law, and human rights in the People’s Re-public of China. (3) TIBET.—Amounts appropriated pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be made available for nongovernmental organizations to support activities preserving cultural traditions and promoting sustainable development, edu-cation, and environmental conservation in Tibetan communities in the Tibet Autono-mous Region and in other Tibetan commu-nities in China, India, and Nepal. 
SEC. 410. INDO-PACIFIC HUMAN RIGHTS DEFEND-ERS. 
(a) D EFINED TERM.—In this section, the term ‘‘human rights defenders’’ means indi-viduals, working alone or in groups, who nonviolently advocate for the promotion and protection of universally recognized human rights and fundamental freedoms if the advo-cacy of such issues may result in the risk of safety or life. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that human rights defenders in the Indo-Pacific region have been facing in-creased difficulties with the rise of unprece-dented crackdowns and conflicts. (c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated $1,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 2019 through 2023 to provide critical assistance to human rights defenders through the Depart-ment of State’s Human Rights Defenders Fund. (d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter through 2023, the Sec-retary of State, in cooperation with the Ad-ministrator of the United States Agency for International Development, shall submit a report to Congress that includes— (1) a list and evaluation of the Human Rights Defenders Fund activities since its in-ception; (2) a strategy for any increased regional engagement and measures of success for the activities described in paragraph (1); and (3) an accounting of funds used to execute the Human Rights Defender Fund activities. 
SEC. 411. YOUNG LEADERS PEOPLE-TO-PEOPLE INITIATIVES. 
There are authorized to be appropriated $25,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 2019 through 2023 to support Indo-Pacific young leaders initiatives, including the Young Southeast Asian Leaders Initiative, the ASEAN Youth Volunteers Program, and other people-to-people exchange programs that focus on building the capacity of democ-racy, human rights, and good governance ac-tivists in the Indo-Pacific region. 
SEC. 412. SAVINGS PROVISION. 
Nothing in this Act may be construed as authorizing the use of military force. f 
MUSEUM AND LIBRARY SERVICES ACT OF 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 707, S. 3530. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 3530) to reauthorize the Museum and Library Services Act. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions, with amendments, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Dec 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04DE6.012 S04DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7292 December 4, 2018 
(The parts of the bill intended to be stricken are shown in boldface brack-ets, and the parts of the bill intended to be inserted are shown in italics.) 
S. 3530 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; REFERENCES. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Museum and Library Services Act of 2018’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Except as otherwise ex-pressly provided, whenever in this Act an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be con-sidered to be made to a section or other pro-vision of the Museum and Library Services Act (20 U.S.C. 9101 et seq.). 
SEC. 2. GENERAL DEFINITIONS. 
Section 202 (20 U.S.C. 9101) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘means the skills associated with using technology to enable users to find, evaluate, organize, cre-ate, and communicate information.’’ and in-serting ‘‘means the skills associated with— ‘‘(A) using technology to enable users to find, evaluate, organize, create, and commu-nicate information; and ‘‘(B) developing digital citizenship and the responsible use of technology.’’; and (2) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘by the Secretary of the øInterior¿ Interior’’.ø;¿ ø(3) by redesignating paragraphs (7) and (8) as paragraphs (8) and (9), respectively; and ø(4) by inserting after paragraph (6) the fol-lowing: ø‘‘(7) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .— The term ‘institution of higher education’ means an institution of higher education as defined under section 101 of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001).’’. ¿ 
SEC. 3. DIRECTOR OF THE INSTITUTE. 
Section 204 (20 U.S.C. 9103) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2), by inserting ‘‘, ex-cept that if a successor to the Director has not been appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, as of the date of expiration of the Director’s term, the Director may serve øfor not more than 1 additional year until a successor has been appointed and confirmed under para-graph (1)¿ for not more than 1 additional year or until a successor is appointed and confirmed, whichever is earlier’’ øbefore¿ before the pe- riod; (2) in subsection (f)— (A) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) programs and activities under the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (including programs and activities under subparts 2 and 3 of part B of title II, and parts A and B of title IV, of such Act);’’; and (B) by striking paragraph (4) and inserting the following: ‘‘(4) Federal programs and activities that increase the capacity of libraries and muse-ums to act as partners in supporting eco-nomic and community development, pro-viding education and research, improving digital literacy skills, strengthening finan-cial literacy and other types of literacy skills, and enhancing public safety and health awareness.’’; and (3) in subsection (g)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Humanities, and the Director of the Office of Management and Budget,’’ and inserting ‘‘Humanities, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, the Sec-retary of Commerce, the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs, the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Sec-retary of Agriculture, the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation for National and Community Service, the Librarian of Con-gress, the Archivist of the United States, and the Director of the United States Govern-ment Publishing Office,’’; (B) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) initiatives, materials, technology, or research to support education, workforce de-velopment, economic and business develop-ment, and related activities and services un-dertaken by libraries;’’; and (C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘or tech-nology’’ and inserting ‘‘technology, or re-search’’. SEC. 4. NATIONAL MUSEUM AND LIBRARY SERV-ICES BOARD. 
Section 207(b) (20 U.S.C. 9105a(b)) is amend-ed— (1) in paragraph (2)(A)(i)(II), by inserting ‘‘, including rural communities’’ after ‘‘under-served communities’’; (2) in paragraph (3), in the first sentence— (A) by inserting ‘‘, and the needs of,’’ after ‘‘persons from’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘, including rural areas’’ after ‘‘United States’’; (3) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘and the Deputy Director of the Office of Museum Services’’ and inserting ‘‘the Deputy Direc-tor of the Office of Museum Services, and the General Counsel of the Institute’’; (4) by redesignating subsections (f) through (i) as subsections (g) through (j), respec-tively; and (5) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(f) S
ECRETARY .—The General Counsel of the Institute shall serve as Secretary of the Museum and Library Services Board.’’. 
SEC. 5. POLICY RESEARCH, DATA COLLECTION, ANALYSIS AND MODELING, EVALUA-TION, AND DISSEMINATION. 
Section 210 (20 U.S.C. 9108) is amended— (1) by striking the section heading and in-serting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 210. POLICY RESEARCH, DATA COLLEC-TION, ANALYSIS AND MODELING, EVALUATION, AND DISSEMINA-TION.’’; 
(2) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-section (g); (3) by striking subsections (a) through (e) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Director shall regu-larly support and conduct, as appropriate, policy research, data collection, analysis and modeling, evaluation, and dissemination of information to extend and improve the Na-tion’s museum, library, and information services. ‘‘(b) O
BJECTIVES .—The objectives of the policy research, data collection, analysis and modeling, evaluation, and dissemination of information carried out under this section include the following: ‘‘(1) To enhance and expand the capacity of museums, libraries, and information services to anticipate, respond to, and meet the evolving needs of communities and the pub-lic, including by identifying trends and de-velopments that may impact the need for and delivery of services. ‘‘(2) To provide information and data on the role, value, and impact of museum, li-brary, and information resources, including the identification of trends and potential gaps in the availability and use of museum and library services by their communities and the public. ‘‘(3) To measure the effectiveness of muse-ums, libraries, and information services throughout the United States, including the impact of Federal programs authorized under this Act. ‘‘(4) To identify indicators and outcomes that can be used to create enhancements to the efficiency and efficacy of museum, li-brary, and information services. ‘‘(5) To promote advancement and growth in museum, library, and information services through sharing of best practices and effec-tive strategies in order to better serve the people of the United States. ‘‘(6) To facilitate planning for, and building of, institutional capacity in order to im-prove— ‘‘(A) museum, library, and information services at the national, State, local, and re-gional levels; and ‘‘(B) international communications and co-operative networks. ‘‘(7) To support and enhance collaborative professional networks and consortia that use shared, meaningful, and actionable data analysis and modeling to advance museum, library, and information services and address community needs. ‘‘(c) AUTHORITY TOCONTRACT AND ENTER  I
NTOOTHER ARRANGEMENTS .—The Director is authorized to enter into grants, contracts, cooperative agreements, and other arrange-ments with Federal agencies, public and pri-vate organizations, and other entities with expertise the Director determines appro-priate, to further the objectives described in subsection (b) and to carry out the respon-sibilities under subsection (f). ‘‘(d) C
ONSULTATION AND PUBLIC ENGAGE -
MENT .—In carrying out subsection (a) and in furtherance of the objectives described in subsection (b), the Director— ‘‘(1) shall conduct ongoing collaboration (as determined appropriate by the Director) and consult with— ‘‘(A) State library administrative agencies; and ‘‘(B) National, State, tribal, and regional museum and library organizations; and ‘‘(2) may also collaborate or consult with— ‘‘(A) cooperative networks of geographic- or discipline-based museums and libraries; and ‘‘(B) other applicable agencies, organiza-tions (including international organiza-tions), entities (including entities with ex-pertise in the fields of data collection, anal-ysis and modeling, and evaluation), and com-munity stakeholders. ‘‘(e) A
SSISTANCE TO MUSEUMS AND LIBRAR -
IES.—The Director shall provide technical support and assistance (and other resources, to the extent practicable) to ensure consist-ency in data reporting and help the museum and library fields with meeting the objec-tives of this section. ‘‘(f) D
ISSEMINATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Each year, the Director shall widely disseminate, as appropriate to further the objectives described in sub-section (b)— ‘‘(A) the results, data, reports, findings, studies, surveys, and other information ob-tained under this section; ‘‘(B) the means and approaches by which the objectives described in subsection (b) were accomplished; and ‘‘(C) information regarding the manner and extent to which collaboration and consulta-tion were conducted, as required by sub-section (d). ‘‘(2) F
ORMATS TO BE USED .—The informa-tion described in paragraph (1) shall be shared in formats that facilitate access and ease of use and are searchable.’’; and (4) in subsection (g)(1), as redesignated by paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2011’’ and in-serting ‘‘ø2018¿ each of the fiscal years 2020 through 2025’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘and such sums as may be necessary for each of the fiscal years 2012 through 2016’’ øand inserting ‘‘2019 through 2023’’¿. 
SEC. 6. ADMINISTRATIVE FUNDS. 
Section 210C (20 U.S.C. 9111) is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Dec 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04DE6.029 S04DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7293 December 4, 2018 
(1) by striking ‘‘a total of 7 percent of the funds’’ and inserting ‘‘$17,000,000 of the total funds’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘sections 210(f), 214, and 275’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 210(g), 214, and 276’’. ø(2) by striking ‘‘sections 210(f)’’ and in-serting ‘‘sections 210(g)’’. ¿ 
SEC. 7. PURPOSE RELATING TO LIBRARY SERV-ICES AND TECHNOLOGY. 
Section 212 (20 U.S.C. 9121) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, edu-cation,’’ after ‘‘library’’; (2) by striking paragraph (5) and inserting the following: ‘‘(5) to promote literacy, education, and lifelong learning, including by building learning partnerships with school libraries in our Nation’s schools, including tribal schools, and developing resources, capabili-ties, and programs in support of øState and local¿ State, tribal, and local efforts to offer a well-rounded educational experience to all students;’’; (3) by redesignating paragraphs (6) through (9) as paragraphs (8) through (11), respec-tively; (4) by inserting after paragraph (5) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(6) to enable libraries to develop services that meet the needs of communities throughout the Nation, including people of diverse geographic, cultural, and socio-economic backgrounds, individuals with dis-abilities, residents of rural and urban areas, Native Americans, military families, vet-erans, and caregivers; ‘‘(7) to enable libraries to serve as anchor institutions to support community revital-ization through enhancing and expanding the services and resources provided by libraries, including those services and resources relat-ing to workforce development, economic and business development, critical thinking skills, health information, digital literacy skills, financial literacy and other types of literacy skills, and new and emerging tech-nology;’’; (5) in paragraph (8), as redesignated by paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘, including those from diverse and underrepresented back-grounds,’’ after ‘‘professionals’’; (6) in paragraph (10), as redesignated by paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (7) in paragraph (11), as redesignated by paragraph (3), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (8) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(12) to encourage, support, and dissemi-nate model programs of library and museum collaboration.’’. 
SEC. 8. DEFINITION OF LIBRARY. 
Section 213(1) (20 U.S.C. 9122(1)) is amend-ed— (1) by redesignating subparagraphs (C) through (E) as subparagraphs (D) through (F); and (2) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following: ‘‘(C) a tribal library;’’. 
SEC. 9. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR LIBRARY SERVICES AND TECH-NOLOGY. 
Section 214(a) (20 U.S.C. 9123(a)) is amend-ed— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2011 and such sums as may be necessary for each of the fiscal years 2012 through 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘øfiscal year 2018 and such sums as may be necessary for each of the fis-cal years 2019 through 2023 ¿ each of the fiscal years 2020 through 2025’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2011 and such sums as may be necessary for each of the fiscal years 2012 through 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘øfiscal year 2018 and such sums as may be necessary for each of the fis-cal years 2019 through 2023 ¿ each of the fiscal years 2020 through 2025’’. SEC. 10. RESERVATIONS AND ALLOTMENTS. 
Section 221 (20 U.S.C. 9131) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘1.75’’ and inserting ‘‘2.25’’; and (2) in subsection (b)(3), by striking sub-paragraph (C) and inserting the following: ‘‘(C) E
XCEPTION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding subpara-graph (A), if the sum appropriated under the authority of section 214 and not reserved under subsection (a) for any fiscal year exceeds the ag-gregate of the allotments for all States under this subsection for fiscal year 2019— ‘‘(I) the minimum allotment for each State otherwise receiving a minimum allotment of $680,000 under subparagraph (A) shall be in-creased to $1,000,000; and ‘‘(II) the minimum allotment for each State otherwise receiving a minimum allotment of $60,000 under subparagraph (A) shall be in-creased to $100,000. ‘‘(ii) I
NSUFFICIENT FUNDS TO AWARD ALTER -
NATIVE MINIMUM .—If the sum appropriated under the authority of section 214 and not re-served under subsection (a) for any fiscal year exceeds the aggregate of the allotments for all States under this subsection for fiscal year 2019, yet is insufficient to fully satisfy the require-ment of clause (i), such excess amount shall first be allotted among the States described in clause (i)(I) so as to increase equally the minimum al-lotment for each such State above $680,000. After the requirement of clause (i)(I) is fully satisfied for any fiscal year, any remainder of such ex-cess amount shall be allotted among the States described in clause (i)(II) so as to increase equally the minimum allotment for each such State above $60,000. ø‘‘(C) E
XCEPTION .— ø‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding sub-paragraph (A), if the sum appropriated under the authority of section 214 and not reserved under subsection (a) for any fiscal year ex-ceeds the aggregate of the allotments for all States under this subsection for fiscal year 2018— ø‘‘(I) the minimum allotment for each State otherwise receiving a minimum allot-ment of $680,000 under subparagraph (A) shall be increased to $1,000,000 for that fiscal year and each subsequent fiscal year; and ‘‘ø(II) the minimum allotment for each State otherwise receiving a minimum allot-ment of $60,000 under subparagraph (A) shall be increased to $100,000 for that fiscal year and each subsequent fiscal year. ‘‘ø(ii) I
NSUFFICIENT FUNDS TO AWARD ALTER -
NATIVE MINIMUM .—If the sum appropriated under the authority of section 214 and not re-served under subsection (a) for any fiscal year exceeds the aggregate of the allotments for all States under this subsection for fiscal year 2018, yet is insufficient to fully satisfy the requirement of clause (i), such excess amount shall first be allotted among the States described in clause (i)(I) so as to in-crease equally the minimum allotment for each such State above $680,000. After the re-quirement of clause (i)(I) is fully satisfied for any fiscal year, any remainder of such excess amount shall be allotted among the States described in clause (i)(II) so as to increase equally the minimum allotment for each such State above $60,000.’’. ¿ 
SEC. 11. STATE PLANS. 
Section 224(b)(6) (20 U.S.C. 9134(b)(6)) is amended— (1) by striking subparagraph (A) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) programs and activities under the El-ementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (including programs and activities under subparts 2 and 3 of part B of title II, and parts A and B of title IV, of such Act);’’; (2) in subparagraph (C)— (A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) the activities carried out by the State in support of adult education and lit-eracy under title II of such Act; and’’; and (3) in subparagraph (D)— (A) by inserting ‘‘, business,’’ after ‘‘eco-nomic’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘and health information’’ and inserting ‘‘, health information, critical thinking skills, digital literacy skills, finan-cial literacy and other types of literacy skills’’. SEC. 12. GRANTS TO STATES. 
Section 231(a) (20 U.S.C. 9141(a)) is amend-ed— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by inserting ‘‘(including new and emerging technology)’’ after ‘‘formats’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘workforce development, and digital literacy skills’’ and inserting ‘‘workforce development, economic and busi-ness development, health information, crit-ical thinking skills, digital literacy skills, and financial literacy and other types of lit-eracy skills’’; (2) in paragraph (3)(B), by inserting ‘‘, in-cluding those from diverse and underrep-resented backgrounds,’’ after ‘‘profes-sionals’’; and (3) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘, tribes,’’ after ‘‘agencies’’. 
SEC. 13. STATE ADVISORY COUNCILS. 
Section 251 (20 U.S.C. 9151) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘tribal,’’ after ‘‘public,’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘and libraries serving indi-viduals with disabilities’’ and inserting ‘‘and libraries serving people of diverse geo-graphic, cultural, and socioeconomic back-grounds, individuals with disabilities, resi-dents of rural and urban areas, Native Amer-icans, military families, veterans, and care-givers.’’. 
SEC. 14. NATIONAL LEADERSHIP ACTIVITIES. 
Section 262 (20 U.S.C. 9162) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘of awarding grants or en-tering into contracts or cooperative agree-ments’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘museums’’ and all that follows through ‘‘activities that may in-clude—’’ and inserting ‘‘museums, including by carrying out activities such as—’’; (B) in paragraph (2)(A), by inserting ‘‘and emerging’’ after ‘‘new’’; (C) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (5); and (D) by striking paragraph (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) conserving, preserving, and digitizing library materials and resources, giving pri-ority to projects emphasizing coordination, optimizing conditions for storage and future use, offering staff training, avoiding duplica-tion, and providing access by researchers be-yond the institution or library entity under-taking the project; ‘‘(4) enhancing the ability of libraries to provide services to affected communities in the event of an emergency or disaster through— ‘‘(A) the development of national, regional, statewide, or local emergency and disaster management plans that— ‘‘(i) address communication and coordina-tion of information and services for affected communities; and ‘‘(ii) ensure the preservation of knowledge and library collections; and ‘‘(B) the implementation of the emergency and disaster management plans described in subparagraph (A), or otherwise enabling li-braries to provide services consistent with this Act to affected communities in the event of an emergency or disaster; and’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Dec 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04DE6.009 S04DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7294 December 4, 2018 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director may carry out the activities described in subsection (a) by entering into arrangements, including grants, contracts, cooperative agreements, and other forms of assistance, with libraries, library consortia and associations, institu-tions of higher education, museums, and other entities that the Director determines appropriate.’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and coop-erative agreements’’ and inserting ‘‘coopera-tive agreements, and other arrangements or forms of assistance’’; and (3) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking ‘‘activities assisted under this section are administered’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘activities assisted under this section— ‘‘(1) are administered’’; (B) by striking ‘‘experts.’’ and inserting ‘‘experts;’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) reflect and serve a range of library types and geographically diverse areas; ‘‘(3) include evaluation, analysis, and dis-semination components; and ‘‘(4) to the extent practicable, actively in-volve, have direct impact on, or provide fu-ture application in, libraries.’’. 
SEC. 15. LAURA BUSH 21ST CENTURY LIBRARIAN PROGRAM. 
Section 264(a) (20 U.S.C. 9165) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘from diverse and under-represented backgrounds’’ after ‘‘librarians’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘middle’’ through ‘‘postsec-ondary’’ and inserting ‘‘at the middle school, high school, and postsecondary levels’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘from di-verse and underrepresented backgrounds’’ after ‘‘library leaders’’; and (C) by striking paragraph (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) enhancing the training and profes-sional development of librarians and the li-brary workforce to enable librarians and the library workforce to meet the needs of their communities, including those needs relating to education, lifelong learning, workforce de-velopment, economic and business develop-ment, health information, critical thinking skills, digital literacy skills, financial and other types of literacy skills, and new and emerging technology.’’.ø; and¿ ø(2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘(as de-fined in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001))’’. ¿ 
SEC. 16. PURPOSE RELATING TO MUSEUM SERV-ICES. 
Section 272 (20 U.S.C. 9171) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (1); (2) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-graph (1); (3) by inserting after paragraph (1), as re-designated by paragraph (2), the following: ‘‘(2) to encourage and support museums in carrying out their public service role of con-necting the whole of society to the cultural, artistic, historical, natural, and scientific understandings that constitute our diverse heritage;’’; (4) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘diverse’’ before ‘‘cultural’’; (5) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘as a re-sult of their increasing use by the public’’ and inserting ‘‘as they serve their commu-nities in new and different ways’’; (6) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (7) in paragraph (9)— (A) by striking ‘‘State level’’ and inserting ‘‘State and regional levels’’; and (B) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (8) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(10) to assist museums in their civic en-gagement efforts to ensure that every person in the United States has access to high-qual-ity museum services.’’. SEC. 17. MUSEUM SERVICES DEFINITIONS. 
Section 273(1) (20 U.S.C. 9172(1)) is amend-ed— (1) by inserting ‘‘, tribal,’’ after ‘‘public’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘, cultural heritage,’’ after ‘‘educational’’. 
SEC. 18. MUSEUM SERVICES ACTIVITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 274(a) (20 U.S.C. 9173(a)) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) supporting museums in building learn-ing partnerships with the Nation’s schools, including tribal schools, and developing mu-seum resources, capabilities, and programs in support of State and local efforts to offer a well-rounded educational experience to all students;’’; (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (B) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as subparagraph (E); and (C) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the following: ‘‘(D) curate, stabilize, and organize object- related information; and’’; (3) by striking paragraph (7); (4) by redesignating paragraphs (5) and (6) as paragraphs (6) and (7), respectively; (5) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(5) creating shared technology tools and data resources, and developing museum staff training plans to improve and maximize mu-seum services through organizations such as museum associations, professional networks, community-based organizations, and founda-tions, and through other collaborative mech-anisms;’’; (6) in paragraph (6), as redesignated by paragraph (4)— (A) by redesignating subparagraphs (C) through (E) as subparagraphs (D) through (F), respectively; (B) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following: ‘‘(C) institutions of higher education;’’; (C) in subparagraph (D), as redesignated by subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘tribal,’’ after ‘‘regional,’’; (D) in subparagraph (E), as redesignated by subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (E) in subparagraph (F), as redesignated by subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; and (F) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) other relevant research and policy or-ganizations;’’; (7) by øamending¿ striking paragraph (7), as redesignated by paragraph (4), and inserting the following øto read as follows and:¿ ‘‘(7) encouraging the use of new and emerg-ing technologies and media, including new ways to disseminate information, engage varied audiences in experiential learning, and support teachers and students to en-hance access to and engagement with mu-seum collections, programs, and services;’’; (8) øby amending paragraph (8) to read as follows:¿ by striking paragraph (8) and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(8) supporting museums in developing, carrying out, and providing programs and services that meet the needs of communities throughout the Nation, including people of diverse geographic, cultural, and socio-economic backgrounds, individuals with dis-abilities, residents of rural and urban areas, Native Americans, military families, vet-erans, and caregivers, and for State institu-tions;’’; (9) in paragraph (10), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (10) in paragraph (11), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (11) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(12) enabling museums to serve as anchor institutions to support community revital-ization and the creation of opportunities for advancement; and ‘‘(13) developing public and private part-nerships with other agencies and commu-nity-based organizations to expand and en-hance museum services.’’. (b) S
ERVICES FOR NATIVE AMERICANS .—Sec- tion 274(d) (20 U.S.C. 9173(d)) is amended by striking ‘‘1.75 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘2.25 percent’’. (c) T
ECHNICAL CORRECTIONS AND CON-
FORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 274 (20 U.S.C. 9173), as amended by subsections (a) and (b), is further amended— (1) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (2), by inserting a period after ‘‘United States’’; and (B) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘tech-nical’’ and all that follows through the pe-riod and inserting ‘‘technical assistance.’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘sub-paragraph (A)’’ and all that follows through ‘‘awards’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (A). Subsequent awards’’; and (2) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘section 275’’ and inserting ‘‘section 276’’. 
SEC. 19. 21ST CENTURY MUSEUM PROFESSIONAL PROGRAM. 
Subtitle C (20 U.S.C. 9171 et seq.) is amend-ed— (1) by redesignating section 275 as section 276; and (2) by inserting after section 274 the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 275. 21ST CENTURY MUSEUM PROFES-SIONAL PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) P URPOSE .—It is the purpose of this section to develop and enhance the diverse workforce of museum professionals in order to best anticipate and serve the needs of their local communities and the public by— ‘‘(1) recruiting and educating future mu-seum professionals from diverse and under-represented backgrounds, including through encouraging middle or high school students and postsecondary students to pursue ca-reers and build skills in museum services; ‘‘(2) developing museum leaders from di-verse and underrepresented backgrounds, in-cluding by increasing the capacity of institu-tions that offer early career and mid-career professional development, specialized train-ing, and leadership programs that directly relate to museum studies and management; and ‘‘(3) supporting the professional develop-ment of current museum professionals and the museum workforce to enable them to meet identified needs of their communities. ‘‘(b) A
CTIVITIES .—From the amounts pro-vided under section 276, the Director may enter into arrangements, including grants, contracts, cooperative agreements, and other forms of assistance, with museums, museum consortia and associations, institutions of higher education (as defined in section 264(b)), and other entities that the Director deter-mines appropriate, for projects that further the purpose of this section, such as projects that— ‘‘(1) increase the number of students from diverse and underrepresented backgrounds 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 Dec 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04DE6.009 S04DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7295 December 4, 2018 
enrolled in graduate and undergraduate mu-seum-related programs as well as other rel-evant programs offered through other edu-cation-focused entities, such as State and local governments, associations, and non-profit organizations, in order to effectively prepare the students for, and retain the stu-dents in, careers in museum services; ‘‘(2) recruit future museum professionals from diverse and underrepresented back-grounds, including efforts to attract prom-ising middle school, high school, or postsec-ondary students to consider careers in mu-seum services such as through offering paid internships, mentoring, and fellowship op-portunities; ‘‘(3) develop new or enhance current profes-sional development and retention programs for museum professionals and the museum workforce, including through mid-career skill-building, mentoring, and fellowships, and by supporting the development of local and regional networks for those who may not have easy access to such opportunities; and ‘‘(4) support and conduct research, needs assessments, pilot programs, and evaluation of education and professional development programs to explore successful approaches that can successfully recruit, prepare, edu-cate, and retain the next generation of mu-seum professionals. ‘‘(c) E
VALUATION .—The Director shall es-tablish procedures for reviewing and evalu-ating arrangements supported under this section.’’. 
SEC. 20. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR MUSEUM SERVICES. 
Section 276 (20 U.S.C. 9176), as redesignated by section ø17¿ 19(1), is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2011 and such sums as may be necessary for each of the fiscal years 2012 through 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘øfiscal year 2018 and such sums as may be necessary for each of the fis-cal years 2019 through 2023 ¿ each of the fiscal years 2020 through 2025’’; and (2) in subsection (c) by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2011’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal øyear 2018¿ year 2020’’. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the committee-reported amendments be agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and that the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendments were agreed to. The bill (S. 3530), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 3530 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; REFERENCES. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Museum and Library Services Act of 2018’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Except as otherwise ex-pressly provided, whenever in this Act an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be con-sidered to be made to a section or other pro-vision of the Museum and Library Services Act (20 U.S.C. 9101 et seq.). 
SEC. 2. GENERAL DEFINITIONS. 
Section 202 (20 U.S.C. 9101) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘means the skills associated with using technology to enable users to find, evaluate, organize, cre-ate, and communicate information.’’ and in-serting ‘‘means the skills associated with— ‘‘(A) using technology to enable users to find, evaluate, organize, create, and commu-nicate information; and ‘‘(B) developing digital citizenship and the responsible use of technology.’’; and (2) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘by the Secretary of the Interior’’. SEC. 3. DIRECTOR OF THE INSTITUTE. 
Section 204 (20 U.S.C. 9103) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2), by inserting ‘‘, ex-cept that if a successor to the Director has not been appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, as of the date of expiration of the Director’s term, the Director may serve for not more than 1 additional year or until a successor is appointed and confirmed, whichever is ear-lier’’ before the period; (2) in subsection (f)— (A) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) programs and activities under the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (including programs and activities under subparts 2 and 3 of part B of title II, and parts A and B of title IV, of such Act);’’; and (B) by striking paragraph (4) and inserting the following: ‘‘(4) Federal programs and activities that increase the capacity of libraries and muse-ums to act as partners in supporting eco-nomic and community development, pro-viding education and research, improving digital literacy skills, strengthening finan-cial literacy and other types of literacy skills, and enhancing public safety and health awareness.’’; and (3) in subsection (g)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Humanities, and the Director of the Office of Management and Budget,’’ and inserting ‘‘Humanities, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, the Sec-retary of Commerce, the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs, the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Sec-retary of Agriculture, the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation for National and Community Service, the Librarian of Con-gress, the Archivist of the United States, and the Director of the United States Govern-ment Publishing Office,’’; (B) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) initiatives, materials, technology, or research to support education, workforce de-velopment, economic and business develop-ment, and related activities and services un-dertaken by libraries;’’; and (C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘or tech-nology’’ and inserting ‘‘technology, or re-search’’. 
SEC. 4. NATIONAL MUSEUM AND LIBRARY SERV-ICES BOARD. 
Section 207(b) (20 U.S.C. 9105a(b)) is amend-ed— (1) in paragraph (2)(A)(i)(II), by inserting ‘‘, including rural communities’’ after ‘‘under-served communities’’; (2) in paragraph (3), in the first sentence— (A) by inserting ‘‘, and the needs of,’’ after ‘‘persons from’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘, including rural areas’’ after ‘‘United States’’; (3) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘and the Deputy Director of the Office of Museum Services’’ and inserting ‘‘the Deputy Direc-tor of the Office of Museum Services, and the General Counsel of the Institute’’; (4) by redesignating subsections (f) through (i) as subsections (g) through (j), respec-tively; and (5) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(f) SECRETARY .—The General Counsel of the Institute shall serve as Secretary of the Museum and Library Services Board.’’. 
SEC. 5. POLICY RESEARCH, DATA COLLECTION, ANALYSIS AND MODELING, EVALUA-TION, AND DISSEMINATION. 
Section 210 (20 U.S.C. 9108) is amended— (1) by striking the section heading and in-serting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 210. POLICY RESEARCH, DATA COLLEC-TION, ANALYSIS AND MODELING, EVALUATION, AND DISSEMINA-TION.’’; 
(2) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-section (g); (3) by striking subsections (a) through (e) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Director shall regu-larly support and conduct, as appropriate, policy research, data collection, analysis and modeling, evaluation, and dissemination of information to extend and improve the Na-tion’s museum, library, and information services. ‘‘(b) O
BJECTIVES .—The objectives of the policy research, data collection, analysis and modeling, evaluation, and dissemination of information carried out under this section include the following: ‘‘(1) To enhance and expand the capacity of museums, libraries, and information services to anticipate, respond to, and meet the evolving needs of communities and the pub-lic, including by identifying trends and de-velopments that may impact the need for and delivery of services. ‘‘(2) To provide information and data on the role, value, and impact of museum, li-brary, and information resources, including the identification of trends and potential gaps in the availability and use of museum and library services by their communities and the public. ‘‘(3) To measure the effectiveness of muse-ums, libraries, and information services throughout the United States, including the impact of Federal programs authorized under this Act. ‘‘(4) To identify indicators and outcomes that can be used to create enhancements to the efficiency and efficacy of museum, li-brary, and information services. ‘‘(5) To promote advancement and growth in museum, library, and information services through sharing of best practices and effec-tive strategies in order to better serve the people of the United States. ‘‘(6) To facilitate planning for, and building of, institutional capacity in order to im-prove— ‘‘(A) museum, library, and information services at the national, State, local, and re-gional levels; and ‘‘(B) international communications and co-operative networks. ‘‘(7) To support and enhance collaborative professional networks and consortia that use shared, meaningful, and actionable data analysis and modeling to advance museum, library, and information services and address community needs. ‘‘(c) A
UTHORITY TOCONTRACT AND ENTER  I
NTOOTHER ARRANGEMENTS .—The Director is authorized to enter into grants, contracts, cooperative agreements, and other arrange-ments with Federal agencies, public and pri-vate organizations, and other entities with expertise the Director determines appro-priate, to further the objectives described in subsection (b) and to carry out the respon-sibilities under subsection (f). ‘‘(d) C
ONSULTATION AND PUBLIC ENGAGE -
MENT .—In carrying out subsection (a) and in furtherance of the objectives described in subsection (b), the Director— ‘‘(1) shall conduct ongoing collaboration (as determined appropriate by the Director) and consult with— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 Dec 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04DE6.009 S04DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7296 December 4, 2018 
‘‘(A) State library administrative agencies; and ‘‘(B) National, State, tribal, and regional museum and library organizations; and ‘‘(2) may also collaborate or consult with— ‘‘(A) cooperative networks of geographic- or discipline-based museums and libraries; and ‘‘(B) other applicable agencies, organiza-tions (including international organiza-tions), entities (including entities with ex-pertise in the fields of data collection, anal-ysis and modeling, and evaluation), and com-munity stakeholders. ‘‘(e) A
SSISTANCE TO MUSEUMS AND LIBRAR -
IES.—The Director shall provide technical support and assistance (and other resources, to the extent practicable) to ensure consist-ency in data reporting and help the museum and library fields with meeting the objec-tives of this section. ‘‘(f) D
ISSEMINATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Each year, the Director shall widely disseminate, as appropriate to further the objectives described in sub-section (b)— ‘‘(A) the results, data, reports, findings, studies, surveys, and other information ob-tained under this section; ‘‘(B) the means and approaches by which the objectives described in subsection (b) were accomplished; and ‘‘(C) information regarding the manner and extent to which collaboration and consulta-tion were conducted, as required by sub-section (d). ‘‘(2) F
ORMATS TO BE USED .—The informa-tion described in paragraph (1) shall be shared in formats that facilitate access and ease of use and are searchable.’’; and (4) in subsection (g)(1), as redesignated by paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2011’’ and in-serting ‘‘each of the fiscal years 2020 through 2025’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘and such sums as may be necessary for each of the fiscal years 2012 through 2016’’. 
SEC. 6. ADMINISTRATIVE FUNDS. 
Section 210C (20 U.S.C. 9111) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘a total of 7 percent of the funds’’ and inserting ‘‘$17,000,000 of the total funds’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘sections 210(f), 214, and 275’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 210(g), 214, and 276’’. 
SEC. 7. PURPOSE RELATING TO LIBRARY SERV-ICES AND TECHNOLOGY. 
Section 212 (20 U.S.C. 9121) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, edu-cation,’’ after ‘‘library’’; (2) by striking paragraph (5) and inserting the following: ‘‘(5) to promote literacy, education, and lifelong learning, including by building learning partnerships with school libraries in our Nation’s schools, including tribal schools, and developing resources, capabili-ties, and programs in support of State, trib-al, and local efforts to offer a well-rounded educational experience to all students;’’; (3) by redesignating paragraphs (6) through (9) as paragraphs (8) through (11), respec-tively; (4) by inserting after paragraph (5) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(6) to enable libraries to develop services that meet the needs of communities throughout the Nation, including people of diverse geographic, cultural, and socio-economic backgrounds, individuals with dis-abilities, residents of rural and urban areas, Native Americans, military families, vet-erans, and caregivers; ‘‘(7) to enable libraries to serve as anchor institutions to support community revital-ization through enhancing and expanding the services and resources provided by libraries, including those services and resources relat-ing to workforce development, economic and business development, critical thinking skills, health information, digital literacy skills, financial literacy and other types of literacy skills, and new and emerging tech-nology;’’; (5) in paragraph (8), as redesignated by paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘, including those from diverse and underrepresented back-grounds,’’ after ‘‘professionals’’; (6) in paragraph (10), as redesignated by paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (7) in paragraph (11), as redesignated by paragraph (3), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (8) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(12) to encourage, support, and dissemi-nate model programs of library and museum collaboration.’’. SEC. 8. DEFINITION OF LIBRARY. 
Section 213(1) (20 U.S.C. 9122(1)) is amend-ed— (1) by redesignating subparagraphs (C) through (E) as subparagraphs (D) through (F); and (2) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following: ‘‘(C) a tribal library;’’. 
SEC. 9. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR LIBRARY SERVICES AND TECH-NOLOGY. 
Section 214(a) (20 U.S.C. 9123(a)) is amend-ed— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2011 and such sums as may be necessary for each of the fiscal years 2012 through 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘each of the fiscal years 2020 through 2025’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2011 and such sums as may be necessary for each of the fiscal years 2012 through 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘each of the fiscal years 2020 through 2025’’. 
SEC. 10. RESERVATIONS AND ALLOTMENTS. 
Section 221 (20 U.S.C. 9131) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘1.75’’ and inserting ‘‘2.25’’; and (2) in subsection (b)(3), by striking sub-paragraph (C) and inserting the following: ‘‘(C) E
XCEPTION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding sub-paragraph (A), if the sum appropriated under the authority of section 214 and not reserved under subsection (a) for any fiscal year ex-ceeds the aggregate of the allotments for all States under this subsection for fiscal year 2019— ‘‘(I) the minimum allotment for each State otherwise receiving a minimum allotment of $680,000 under subparagraph (A) shall be in-creased to $1,000,000; and ‘‘(II) the minimum allotment for each State otherwise receiving a minimum allot-ment of $60,000 under subparagraph (A) shall be increased to $100,000. ‘‘(ii) I
NSUFFICIENT FUNDS TO AWARD ALTER -
NATIVE MINIMUM .—If the sum appropriated under the authority of section 214 and not re-served under subsection (a) for any fiscal year exceeds the aggregate of the allotments for all States under this subsection for fiscal year 2019, yet is insufficient to fully satisfy the requirement of clause (i), such excess amount shall first be allotted among the States described in clause (i)(I) so as to in-crease equally the minimum allotment for each such State above $680,000. After the re-quirement of clause (i)(I) is fully satisfied for any fiscal year, any remainder of such excess amount shall be allotted among the States described in clause (i)(II) so as to increase equally the minimum allotment for each such State above $60,000.’’. SEC. 11. STATE PLANS. 
Section 224(b)(6) (20 U.S.C. 9134(b)(6)) is amended— (1) by striking subparagraph (A) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) programs and activities under the El-ementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (including programs and activities under subparts 2 and 3 of part B of title II, and parts A and B of title IV, of such Act);’’; (2) in subparagraph (C)— (A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) the activities carried out by the State in support of adult education and lit-eracy under title II of such Act; and’’; and (3) in subparagraph (D)— (A) by inserting ‘‘, business,’’ after ‘‘eco-nomic’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘and health information’’ and inserting ‘‘, health information, critical thinking skills, digital literacy skills, finan-cial literacy and other types of literacy skills’’. 
SEC. 12. GRANTS TO STATES. 
Section 231(a) (20 U.S.C. 9141(a)) is amend-ed— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by inserting ‘‘(including new and emerging technology)’’ after ‘‘formats’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘workforce development, and digital literacy skills’’ and inserting ‘‘workforce development, economic and busi-ness development, health information, crit-ical thinking skills, digital literacy skills, and financial literacy and other types of lit-eracy skills’’; (2) in paragraph (3)(B), by inserting ‘‘, in-cluding those from diverse and underrep-resented backgrounds,’’ after ‘‘profes-sionals’’; and (3) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘, tribes,’’ after ‘‘agencies’’. 
SEC. 13. STATE ADVISORY COUNCILS. 
Section 251 (20 U.S.C. 9151) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘tribal,’’ after ‘‘public,’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘and libraries serving indi-viduals with disabilities’’ and inserting ‘‘and libraries serving people of diverse geo-graphic, cultural, and socioeconomic back-grounds, individuals with disabilities, resi-dents of rural and urban areas, Native Amer-icans, military families, veterans, and care-givers’’. 
SEC. 14. NATIONAL LEADERSHIP ACTIVITIES. 
Section 262 (20 U.S.C. 9162) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘of awarding grants or en-tering into contracts or cooperative agree-ments’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘museums’’ and all that follows through ‘‘activities that may in-clude—’’ and inserting ‘‘museums, including by carrying out activities such as—’’; (B) in paragraph (2)(A), by inserting ‘‘and emerging’’ after ‘‘new’’; (C) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (5); and (D) by striking paragraph (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) conserving, preserving, and digitizing library materials and resources, giving pri-ority to projects emphasizing coordination, optimizing conditions for storage and future use, offering staff training, avoiding duplica-tion, and providing access by researchers be-yond the institution or library entity under-taking the project; ‘‘(4) enhancing the ability of libraries to provide services to affected communities in the event of an emergency or disaster through— ‘‘(A) the development of national, regional, statewide, or local emergency and disaster management plans that— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Dec 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04DE6.013 S04DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7297 December 4, 2018 
‘‘(i) address communication and coordina-tion of information and services for affected communities; and ‘‘(ii) ensure the preservation of knowledge and library collections; and ‘‘(B) the implementation of the emergency and disaster management plans described in subparagraph (A), or otherwise enabling li-braries to provide services consistent with this Act to affected communities in the event of an emergency or disaster; and’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director may carry out the activities described in subsection (a) by entering into arrangements, including grants, contracts, cooperative agreements, and other forms of assistance, with libraries, library consortia and associations, institu-tions of higher education, museums, and other entities that the Director determines appropriate.’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and coop-erative agreements’’ and inserting ‘‘coopera-tive agreements, and other arrangements or forms of assistance’’; and (3) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking ‘‘activities assisted under this section are administered’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘activities assisted under this section— ‘‘(1) are administered’’; (B) by striking ‘‘experts.’’ and inserting ‘‘experts;’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) reflect and serve a range of library types and geographically diverse areas; ‘‘(3) include evaluation, analysis, and dis-semination components; and ‘‘(4) to the extent practicable, actively in-volve, have direct impact on, or provide fu-ture application in, libraries.’’. 
SEC. 15. LAURA BUSH 21ST CENTURY LIBRARIAN PROGRAM. 
Section 264(a) (20 U.S.C. 9165) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘from diverse and under-represented backgrounds’’ after ‘‘librarians’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘middle’’ through ‘‘postsec-ondary’’ and inserting ‘‘at the middle school, high school, and postsecondary levels’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘from di-verse and underrepresented backgrounds’’ after ‘‘library leaders’’; and (C) by striking paragraph (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) enhancing the training and profes-sional development of librarians and the li-brary workforce to enable librarians and the library workforce to meet the needs of their communities, including those needs relating to education, lifelong learning, workforce de-velopment, economic and business develop-ment, health information, critical thinking skills, digital literacy skills, financial and other types of literacy skills, and new and emerging technology.’’. 
SEC. 16. PURPOSE RELATING TO MUSEUM SERV-ICES. 
Section 272 (20 U.S.C. 9171) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (1); (2) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-graph (1); (3) by inserting after paragraph (1), as re-designated by paragraph (2), the following: ‘‘(2) to encourage and support museums in carrying out their public service role of con-necting the whole of society to the cultural, artistic, historical, natural, and scientific understandings that constitute our diverse heritage;’’; (4) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘diverse’’ before ‘‘cultural’’; (5) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘as a re-sult of their increasing use by the public’’ and inserting ‘‘as they serve their commu-nities in new and different ways’’; (6) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (7) in paragraph (9)— (A) by striking ‘‘State level’’ and inserting ‘‘State and regional levels’’; and (B) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (8) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(10) to assist museums in their civic en-gagement efforts to ensure that every person in the United States has access to high-qual-ity museum services.’’. SEC. 17. MUSEUM SERVICES DEFINITIONS. 
Section 273(1) (20 U.S.C. 9172(1)) is amend-ed— (1) by inserting ‘‘, tribal,’’ after ‘‘public’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘, cultural heritage,’’ after ‘‘educational’’. 
SEC. 18. MUSEUM SERVICES ACTIVITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 274(a) (20 U.S.C. 9173(a)) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) supporting museums in building learn-ing partnerships with the Nation’s schools, including tribal schools, and developing mu-seum resources, capabilities, and programs in support of State and local efforts to offer a well-rounded educational experience to all students;’’; (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (B) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as subparagraph (E); and (C) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the following: ‘‘(D) curate, stabilize, and organize object- related information; and’’; (3) by striking paragraph (7); (4) by redesignating paragraphs (5) and (6) as paragraphs (6) and (7), respectively; (5) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(5) creating shared technology tools and data resources, and developing museum staff training plans to improve and maximize mu-seum services through organizations such as museum associations, professional networks, community-based organizations, and founda-tions, and through other collaborative mech-anisms;’’; (6) in paragraph (6), as redesignated by paragraph (4)— (A) by redesignating subparagraphs (C) through (E) as subparagraphs (D) through (F), respectively; (B) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following: ‘‘(C) institutions of higher education;’’; (C) in subparagraph (D), as redesignated by subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘tribal,’’ after ‘‘regional,’’; (D) in subparagraph (E), as redesignated by subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (E) in subparagraph (F), as redesignated by subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; and (F) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) other relevant research and policy or-ganizations;’’; (7) by striking paragraph (7), as redesig-nated by paragraph (4), and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(7) encouraging the use of new and emerg-ing technologies and media, including new ways to disseminate information, engage varied audiences in experiential learning, and support teachers and students to en-hance access to and engagement with mu-seum collections, programs, and services;’’; (8) by striking paragraph (8) and inserting the following: ‘‘(8) supporting museums in developing, carrying out, and providing programs and services that meet the needs of communities throughout the Nation, including people of diverse geographic, cultural, and socio-economic backgrounds, individuals with dis-abilities, residents of rural and urban areas, Native Americans, military families, vet-erans, and caregivers, and for State institu-tions;’’; (9) in paragraph (10), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (10) in paragraph (11), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (11) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(12) enabling museums to serve as anchor institutions to support community revital-ization and the creation of opportunities for advancement; and ‘‘(13) developing public and private part-nerships with other agencies and commu-nity-based organizations to expand and en-hance museum services.’’. (b) S
ERVICES FOR NATIVE AMERICANS .—Sec- tion 274(d) (20 U.S.C. 9173(d)) is amended by striking ‘‘1.75 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘2.25 percent’’. (c) T
ECHNICAL CORRECTIONS AND CON-
FORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 274 (20 U.S.C. 9173), as amended by subsections (a) and (b), is further amended— (1) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (2), by inserting a period after ‘‘United States’’; and (B) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘tech-nical’’ and all that follows through the pe-riod and inserting ‘‘technical assistance.’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘sub-paragraph (A)’’ and all that follows through ‘‘awards’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (A). Subsequent awards’’; and (2) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘section 275’’ and inserting ‘‘section 276’’. 
SEC. 19. 21ST CENTURY MUSEUM PROFESSIONAL PROGRAM. 
Subtitle C (20 U.S.C. 9171 et seq.) is amend-ed— (1) by redesignating section 275 as section 276; and (2) by inserting after section 274 the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 275. 21ST CENTURY MUSEUM PROFES-SIONAL PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) P URPOSE .—It is the purpose of this section to develop and enhance the diverse workforce of museum professionals in order to best anticipate and serve the needs of their local communities and the public by— ‘‘(1) recruiting and educating future mu-seum professionals from diverse and under-represented backgrounds, including through encouraging middle or high school students and postsecondary students to pursue ca-reers and build skills in museum services; ‘‘(2) developing museum leaders from di-verse and underrepresented backgrounds, in-cluding by increasing the capacity of institu-tions that offer early career and mid-career professional development, specialized train-ing, and leadership programs that directly relate to museum studies and management; and ‘‘(3) supporting the professional develop-ment of current museum professionals and the museum workforce to enable them to meet identified needs of their communities. ‘‘(b) A
CTIVITIES .—From the amounts pro-vided under section 276, the Director may enter into arrangements, including grants, contracts, cooperative agreements, and other forms of assistance, with museums, museum consortia and associations, institutions of higher education (as defined in section 264(b)), and other entities that the Director 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Dec 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04DE6.013 S04DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7298 December 4, 2018 
determines appropriate, for projects that fur-ther the purpose of this section, such as projects that— ‘‘(1) increase the number of students from diverse and underrepresented backgrounds enrolled in graduate and undergraduate mu-seum-related programs as well as other rel-evant programs offered through other edu-cation-focused entities, such as State and local governments, associations, and non-profit organizations, in order to effectively prepare the students for, and retain the stu-dents in, careers in museum services; ‘‘(2) recruit future museum professionals from diverse and underrepresented back-grounds, including efforts to attract prom-ising middle school, high school, or postsec-ondary students to consider careers in mu-seum services such as through offering paid internships, mentoring, and fellowship op-portunities; ‘‘(3) develop new or enhance current profes-sional development and retention programs for museum professionals and the museum workforce, including through mid-career skill-building, mentoring, and fellowships, and by supporting the development of local and regional networks for those who may not have easy access to such opportunities; and ‘‘(4) support and conduct research, needs assessments, pilot programs, and evaluation of education and professional development programs to explore successful approaches that can successfully recruit, prepare, edu-cate, and retain the next generation of mu-seum professionals. ‘‘(c) E
VALUATION .—The Director shall es-tablish procedures for reviewing and evalu-ating arrangements supported under this section.’’. 
SEC. 20. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR MUSEUM SERVICES. 
Section 276 (20 U.S.C. 9176), as redesignated by section 19(1), is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2011 and such sums as may be necessary for each of the fiscal years 2012 through 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘each of the fiscal years 2020 through 2025’’; and (2) in subsection (c) by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2011’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2020’’. f 
AUTHORIZING THE PRINTING OF A COMMEMORATIVE DOCUMENT IN MEMORY OF THE LATE PRESI-DENT OF THE UNITED STATES, GEORGE HERBERT WALKER BUSH Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Con. Res. 57. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the concurrent resolu-tion by title. The bill clerk read as follows: A concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 57) authorizing the printing of a commemora-tive document in memory of the late Presi-dent of the United States, George Herbert Walker Bush. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the concurrent resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the concurrent resolution be agreed to and the motion to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 57) was agreed to. (The concurrent resolution is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 5, 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 2:30 p.m., Wednesday, De-cember 5; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; finally, that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session and resume consider-ation of the McNamee nomination, with the time until 4 p.m. equally di-vided between the two leaders or their designees. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL TOMORROW AT 2:30 P.M. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:16 p.m., adjourned until Wednes-day, December 5, 2018, at 2:30 p.m. f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. SCOTT C. BRIDGERS COL. THOMAS D. CRIMMINS COL. THOMAS B. HATLEY COL. SCOTT A. HOWARD COL. PATRICK M. KENNEDY COL. ROBERT G. KILGORE COL. WILLIAM A. KINNISON, JR. COL. TERRENCE L. KOUDELKA, JR. COL. KERRY R. LOVELY COL. BRIAN T. MCHENRY COL. BARBARA C. MORROW COL. DUKE M. OTA, JR. COL. LOUIS J. PERINO COL. ERIK A. PETERSON COL. TROY E. POU COL. MICHAEL L. REID COL. JOHN P. RUSSO COL. TORRENCE W. SAXE COL. DAVID A. SMITH COL. THOMAS M. SUELZER COL. TAISON K. TANAKA COL. JUSTIN R. WALRATH THE FOLLOWING NAMED AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. JOHN D. CAINE BRIG. GEN. LARRY K. CLARK BRIG. GEN. SEAN T. COLLINS BRIG. GEN. JOHN P. HRONEK II BRIG. GEN. WENDY K. JOHNSON BRIG. GEN. GREGORY F. JONES BRIG. GEN. TIMOTHY J. LABARGE BRIG. GEN. RONALD S. LAMBE BRIG. GEN. TIMOTHY T. LUNDERMAN BRIG. GEN. THOMAS J. OWENS II BRIG. GEN. GREG A. SEMMEL BRIG. GEN. BRIAN M. SIMPLER THE FOLLOWING NAMED AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. STEVEN D. MICHAUD COL. RAYMOND H. SIEGFRIED II 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
VICE ADM. JAMES J. MALLOY 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Dec 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A04DE6.013 S04DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
D1237 Tuesday, December 4, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S7259–S7298 Measures Introduced: Seven bills and one resolu-tion were introduced, as follows: S. 4–5, 3699–3703, and S. Con. Res. 57.
                                                Page S7275 
Measures Reported: Report to accompany S. 941, to withdraw certain National Forest System land in the Emigrant Crevice area located in the Custer Gallatin National Forest, Park County, Montana, from the mining and min-eral leasing laws of the United States. (S. Rept. No. 115–402) Report to accompany S. 1219, to provide for sta-bility of title to certain land in the State of Lou-isiana. (S. Rept. No. 115–403) Report to accompany S. 1787, to reauthorize the National Geologic Mapping Act of 1992. (S. Rept. No. 115–404) Report to accompany S. 2249, to permanently re-authorize the Rio Puerco Management Committee and the Rio Puerco Watershed Management Pro-gram. (S. Rept. No. 115–405) Report to accompany H.R. 5655, to establish the Camp Nelson Heritage National Monument in the State of Kentucky as a unit of the National Park System. (S. Rept. No. 115–406) Report to accompany S. 2461, to allow for judi-cial review of certain final rules relating to national emission standards for hazardous air pollutants for brick and structural clay products or for clay ceram-ics manufacturing before requiring compliance with the rules by existing sources. (S. Rept. No. 115–407) Report to accompany S. 3085, to establish a Fed-eral Acquisition Security Council and to provide ex-ecutive agencies with authorities relating to miti-gating supply chain risks in the procurement of in-formation technology. (S. Rept. No. 115–408) S. 414, to promote conservation, improve public land management, and provide for sensible develop-ment in Pershing County, Nevada. (S. Rept. No. 115–409) S. 594, to authorize the Secretary of Homeland Security to work with cybersecurity consortia for training, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–410) S. 1942, to direct the Attorney General to review, revise, and develop law enforcement and justice pro-tocols appropriate to address missing and murdered Indians, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–411) S. 3309, to authorize cyber incident response teams at the Department of Homeland Security, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–412) H.R. 5206, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish the Office of Biometric Identity Management, with amendments. (S. Rept. No. 115–413) S. 569, to amend title 54, United States Code, to provide consistent and reliable authority for, and for the funding of, the Land and Water Conservation Fund to maximize the effectiveness of the Fund for future generations, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S. 785, to amend the Alaska Native Claims Settle-ment Act to provide for equitable allotment of land to Alaska Native veterans, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S. 1403, to amend the Public Lands Corps Act of 1993 to establish the 21st Century Conservation Service Corps to place youth and veterans in national service positions to conserve, restore, and enhance the great outdoors of the United States, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S. 2290, to improve wildfire management oper-ations and the safety of firefighters and communities with the best available technology, with an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute. S. 3172, to amend title 54, United States Code, to establish, fund, and provide for the use of amounts in a National Park Service Legacy Restora-tion Fund to address the maintenance backlog of the National Park Service, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute.
                                     Pages S7274–75 
Measures Passed: Alaska Remote Generator Reliability and Pro-tection Act: Senate passed S. 1934, to prevent cata-strophic failure or shutdown of remote diesel power 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Dec 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D04DE8.REC D04DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1238 December 4, 2018 
engines due to emission control devices, after agree-ing to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute.
                                                          Pages S7277–78 
Anwar Sadat Centennial Celebration Act: Sen-ate passed H.R. 754, to award the Congressional Gold Medal to Anwar Sadat in recognition of his he-roic achievements and courageous contributions to peace in the Middle East.
                                      Page S7278 
Asia Reassurance Initiative Act: Senate passed S. 2736, to develop a long-term strategic vision and a comprehensive, multifaceted, and principled United States policy for the Indo-Pacific region, after agree-ing to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute, and the following amendment proposed thereto:
                                                                    Pages S7278–91 
McConnell (for Gardner) Amendment No. 4068, of a perfecting nature.
                                     Pages S7284–91 
Museum and Library Services Act: Senate passed S. 3530, to reauthorize the Museum and Library Services Act, after agreeing to the committee amend-ments.
                                                                      Pages S7291–98 
Authorizing the Printing of a Commemorative Document: Senate agreed to S. Con. Res. 57, author-izing the printing of a commemorative document in memory of the late President of the United States, George Herbert Walker Bush.
                            Page S7298 
McNamee Nomination—Agreement: A unani-mous-consent agreement was reached providing that at approximately 2:30 p.m., on Wednesday, Decem-ber 5, 2018, Senate resume consideration of the nomination of Bernard L. McNamee, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, with the time until 4 p.m., equally di-vided between the two Leaders or their designees. 
                                                                                            Page S7298 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: 36 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 1 Navy nomination in the rank of admiral. 
                                                                                            Page S7298 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S7274 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S7275–76 
Additional Statements:                                         Page S7274 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S7276–77 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S7277 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S7277 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 2:30 p.m. and adjourned at 6:16 p.m., until 2:30 p.m. on Wednes-day, December 5, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S7298.) Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
NOMINATIONS Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Lieutenant General Kenneth F. McKenzie, Jr., to be General and Commander, Central Command, and Lieutenant General Richard D. Clarke, to be General and Com-mander, Special Operations Command, both of the Department of Defense, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. NOMINATIONS Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Michael S. Klecheski, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Mongolia, Matthew John Matthews, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam, and W. Patrick Murphy, of Vermont, to be Ambas-sador to the Kingdom of Cambodia, all of the De-partment of State, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. THE CHINA CHALLENGE Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecurity Policy concluded a hearing to examine the China challenge, focusing on democracy, human rights, and the rule of law, after receiving testimony from Laura Stone, Acting Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of East Asian and Pacific Affairs, and Scott Busby, Deputy Assistant Secretary, Human Rights and Labor, both of the Department of State; and Gloria Steele, Acting Assistant Administrator, Bureau for Asia, United States Agency for International Devel-opment. NOMINATIONS Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Carol Z. Perez, of Virginia, to be Director General of the For-eign Service, Arthur B. Culvahouse, Jr., of Ten-nessee, to be Ambassador to the Commonwealth of Australia, who was introduced by Senator Alexander, Christopher Paul Henzel, of Virginia, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Yemen, Sarah-Ann Lynch, of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the Co-operative Republic of Guyana, and Lynne M. Tracy, of Ohio, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Armenia, all of the Department of State, and John Barsa, of Flor-ida, to be an Assistant Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Dec 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D04DE8.REC D04DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1239 December 4, 2018 
INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House is scheduled to meet at 12 noon on Thursday, De-cember 6, 2018. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
CORRUPTION IN SPORT Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: Com-mission received a briefing on gambling, match-fix-ing, and corruption in sport from Declan Hill, Uni-versity of New Haven; David Larkin, ChangeFIFA; Alexandra Wrage, TRACE International; and Marko Stanovic. FIGHTING TERROR Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: Com-mittee received a briefing on fighting terror, focus-ing on comparing notes across the Atlantic from Makis Voridis, Member of the Greek Parliament and Chairman of the Organization for Security and Co- operation in Europe Parliamentary Assembly’s Ad Hoc Committee on Countering Terrorism; Leanne Erdberg, United States Institute of Peace; and Bruce Hoffman, Council on Foreign Relations. f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D1197) 
S. 3554, to extend the effective date for the sunset for collateral requirements for Small Business Ad-ministration disaster loans. Signed on November 29, 2018. (Public Law 115–280) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 5, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: business meeting to consider the nominations of Mindy Brashears, of Texas, to be Under Secretary for Food Safety, Naomi C. Earp, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary, and Scott Hutchins, of Indiana, to be Under Secretary for Re-search, Education, and Economics, all of the Department of Agriculture, Time to be announced, S–216, Capitol. 
House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Dec 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D04DE8.REC D04DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1240 December 4, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 2:30 p.m., Wednesday, December 5 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will resume consider-ation of the nomination of Bernard L. McNamee, of Vir-ginia, to be a Member of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination at 4 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Thursday, December 6 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: The House will meet at 12 noon. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Dec 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D04DE8.REC D04DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST