Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H8109 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 2018 No. 152 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. M
EADOWS ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, September 12, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable M
ARK M
EADOWS to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 8, 2018, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 1:50 p.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
VICTORY OR DEATH The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) for 5 minutes. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, there is a battle brewing back home in Texas. According to news reports, it seems that some in our education sys-tem have taken issue with one of the most treasured and significant histor-ical letters in Texas history, Lieuten-ant Colonel William Barrett Travis and his passionate plea in his letter ‘‘to all the people of Texas and all Americans in the world.’’ To add insult to injury, they have also called into question the heroic na-ture of Travis and the 187 volunteers who sacrificed their lives at the Battle of the Alamo on March 6, 1836. A committee evaluating the State’s history curriculum standards has pro-posed that we eliminate the study of Travis’ historical ‘‘Victory or Death’’ letter. They have also recommended that we remove the word ‘‘heroic’’ from the curriculum because it is a value- charged word, a hero and the heroes of the Alamo. Well, to quote Travis, I have a value- charged word or two to say about that: ‘‘Victory or death,’’ Mr. Speaker. These are the most iconic words in Texas history. That is our battle cry and has been our battle cry since 1836. It is who we are. Texas’ defiant, independent nature was born from those words of that let-ter written from behind the walls of a besieged Alamo mission in Bexar, Texas. The words on that paper are as much a part of who we are as the blood that runs through our veins. We shall ‘‘never surrender or re-treat,’’ to quote Travis. We cannot allow political correctness to rewrite any history or, in this case, edit his-tory. Maybe they didn’t take Texas history from Mrs. Wilson, like I did. However, it seems now that this committee is walking back that original suggestion. Whatever the case, the Travis letter is every bit the core and soul of free-dom as the words of Jefferson in the Declaration of Independence. He says: ‘‘I have answered that demand with a cannon shot, and the flag still waves proudly over the north wall. I shall never surrender or retreat.’’ Mr. Speaker, history is the greatest teacher we have. Book burners who want to erase from textbooks ‘‘the es-tablishment of the Republic of Texas brought civil, political, and religious freedom to Texas’’ are just trying to ignore history. Those elites who want to rip the Travis letter from our Texas history books dishonor the sacrifice of 187 free-dom fighters at the Alamo, of all races, from most of the States and several foreign countries, including Mexico. These individuals gave their last full measure of devotion to liberty. Webster’s dictionary may not define ‘‘hero’’ with the names of those who died March 6, 1836, at the Alamo, but it should. Travis isn’t just my favorite hero. He has intertwined himself throughout my life. He is the inspiration of why I am a lawyer. He was a lawyer. My first grandson is named Barrett Houston. And inscribed along the bot-tom of my stationery are the words, ‘‘I shall never surrender or retreat.’’ Travis’ letter hung on my wall of the courtroom in Texas and still hangs in my office today in D.C. Because of men like William Barrett Travis and the Alamo defenders, we are called the great State of Texas. Travis’ legacy embodies the passion and loy-alty that makes Texans stand out in the world. To consider anything to the contrary is a disgrace. We must preserve one of our greatest treasures in Texas history so that fu-ture generations can learn the meaning of ‘‘what is due to his own honor and that of his country.’’ God and Texas. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  the Travis letter. 
COMMANDANCY OF THEALAMO  Bejar, Feby. 24th. 1836 To the People of Texas & All Americans in the World—Fellow Citizens & compatriots— I am besieged, by a thousand or more of the Mexicans under Santa Anna—I have sus-tained a continual Bombardment & can-nonade for 24 hours & have not lost a man— The enemy has demanded a surrender at dis-cretion, otherwise, the garrison are to be put to the sword, if the fort is taken—I have an-swered the demand with a cannon shot, & our flag still waves proudly from the walls— I shall never surrender or retreat. Then, I call on you in the name of Liberty, of patri-otism & everything dear to the American 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:06 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE7.000 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8110 September 12, 2018 
character, to come to our aid, with all dis-patch—The enemy is receiving reinforce-ments daily & will no doubt increase to three or four thousand in four or five days. If this call is neglected, I am determined to sustain myself as long as possible & die like a soldier who never forgets what is due to his own honor & that of his country— Victory or Death. W
ILLIAM BARRETT TRAVIS . Lt. Col. comdt. P.S. The Lord is on our side—When the enemy appeared in sight we had not three bushels of corn—We have since found in de-serted houses 80 or 90 bushels and got into the walls 20 or 30 head of Beeves. Travis. 
Mr. POE of Texas. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
IDEA PARITY FOR OUTLYING AREAS ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Guam (Ms. B
ORDALLO ) for 5 minutes. Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, today I introduce the IDEA Parity for Out-lying Areas Act, which would amend the Individuals with Disabilities Edu-cation Act to better support students with disabilities in our smaller U.S. territories and the Freely Associated States. During my final congressional ad-dress to my constituents in Guam, I pledged to sponsor this important leg-islation for our youngsters and stu-dents with disabilities, as well as their families. I want to give special recognition to Ms. Nadia Pablo, who interned in my office this past summer, for her work in developing this legislation with my staff. Ms. Pablo currently attends Vir-ginia Commonwealth University, where she is studying to become an occupa-tional therapist and pursue a reward-ing career working with people with disabilities. The IDEA Parity for Outlying Areas Act would ensure that American Samoa, Guam, the Northern Mariana Islands, and the U.S. Virgin Islands, classified as outlying areas by the U.S. Department of Education, receive their fair share of Federal funding to serve students with disabilities and their families. The intent of Congress, outlined in current Federal law, is that the U.S. Department of Education set aside a fixed percentage of available Federal funding each year for the four outlying U.S. territories and the three Freely Associated States in the Pacific. However, the U.S. Department of Education frequently allocates far less than the 1 percent reserved for the out-lying areas under current law. So, to fix this, my bill would require the U.S. Department of Education to reserve the full 1 percent of available IDEA funding each year for the outlying areas, as Congress always intended. This will ensure that special edu-cation in American Samoa, Guam, the Northern Mariana Islands, and the U.S. Virgin Islands gets full Federal fund-ing. It will also ensure that the U.S. De-partment of Education provides ade-quate support for special education in the Federated States of Micronesia, the Republic of the Marshall Islands, and the Republic of Palau consistent with the Compacts of Free Association be-tween the U.S. and those allied coun-tries. There are some 7,177 students with disabilities in the outlying U.S. terri-tories and the Freely Associated States, all of whom would benefit under this bill. According to the most recent figures, Guam recorded more than 2,020 students with disabilities, including 171 preschoolers with disabil-ities. Our territorial Departments of Edu-cation are chronically underfunded, and many developmental and learning disabilities simply go undiagnosed. So we desperately need Federal support under the IDEA. Instantly, and importantly, my bill would also make Guam and the other outlying U.S. territories eligible to re-ceive IDEA funding for preschoolers, children ages 3 to 5, with disabilities. Under current law, American Samoa, Guam, the Northern Mariana Islands, and the U.S. Virgin Islands are not eli-gible to receive U.S. Department of Education funding for preschoolers with disabilities. Finally, my bill removes a number of antiquated and unnecessary restric-tions in current law to allow the U.S. Department of Education to exercise the same flexibility in awarding IDEA funding to the territories as the De-partment may do so under other pro-grams. As a daughter of a schoolteacher, with many members in my family as part of education, and someone in-volved in special education on Guam over many, many years, the education of our island’s youngsters with disabil-ities is very close to my heart. Stu-dents with disabilities in the terri-tories deserve nothing less than the full support of their Federal Govern-ment, and that is exactly what my bill would provide. While I will be leaving Congress at the end of this year, I am confident that my colleagues from the other ter-ritories will take on my IDEA Parity for Outlying Areas Act in the next Con-gress, and I look forward to supporting them in that important work in any way that I can. 
f 
NATIONAL RECOVERY MONTH The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to celebrate September being National Recovery Month. Spon-sored by the Substance Abuse and Men-tal Health Services Administration, SAMHSA, I encourage everyone to take time this month to reach out to those they know who are suffering or have suffered from mental and sub-stance abuse disorders. Currently, 115 people die every day from an opioid overdose. Clearly, that is way too many and, sadly, only one example of numerous types of mental and substance abuse disorders in the United States. If you or anyone you know is strug-gling, there are resources available, in-cluding the National Suicide Preven-tion Lifeline, SAMHSA’s National Helpline, and more. SAMHSA’s website, www.samhsa.gov, has these phone numbers, treatment center loca-tions, grant applications for local gov-ernments, and general health informa-tion. With hard work, smart policy deci-sions, and a dedicated American public, we can turn these numbers around. f 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE 1918 INFLUENZA PANDEMIC Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to remember the 100th anniversary of the 1918 influenza pan-demic, one of the most deadly pandemics in human history called the Spanish flu. The illness claimed 675,000 lives. No part of the United States was immune to the Spanish flu, and it claimed vic-tims of all ages, urban and rural citi-zens alike. Sadly, we still do not know exactly what caused the 1918 epidemic, but, even today, deadly strains of the flu are still possible. It is important that we remember the 1918 Spanish flu epidemic to remind ourselves how important it is to strongly invest in research and devel-opment for lifesaving medications that may prevent a future outbreak, like the one in 1918. As we enter into the new flu season, I encourage everyone to see your doc-tor, see your pharmacist, and get your flu vaccine. 
f 
UNSPEAKABLE SUFFERING OF THE ROHINGYA PEOPLE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. L
EVIN) for 5 minutes. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise, once again, to speak about the unspeakable suffering of the Rohingya people. Two recent developments have accen-tuated the vital need for the House to speak formally and clearly about this human disaster. First, last month, a factfinding mis-sion of the United Nations spelled out what is undeniable, that Burma’s Rohingya Muslim population has been subjected to ‘‘systemic oppression’’ culminating in so-called clearance op-erations that ‘‘targeted and terrorized the entire Rohingya population.’’ The U.N. report called for Burma’s military leaders to be investigated and prosecuted on charges of genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes related to the atrocities com-mitted against the Rohingya. Let me quote directly from the U.N. report on the violence and brutally in-flicted on the Rohingya by operations 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE7.002 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8111 September 12, 2018 
conducted by the Burmese military last year: ‘‘The ‘clearance operations’ con-stituted a human rights catastrophe. Thousands of Rohingya were killed or injured. Mass killings were per-petrated. . . . Villagers were gathered together, before men and boys were separated and killed. . . . Women and girls were taken to nearby houses, gang raped, then killed or severely in-jured. Bodies were transported in mili-tary vehicles, burned and disposed of in mass graves.’’ b1215 ‘‘Villagers were killed by soldiers, and sometimes Rakhine men, using large bladed weapons. Others were killed in arson attacks, burned to death in their own houses. In some cases, people were forced into burning houses or locked into buildings set on fire. Rape and other forms of sexual vi-olence were perpetrated on a massive scale.’’ Secondly, reporters who have at-tempted to expose these atrocities in Burma have been targeted for harass-ment and arrest. Just last week, two reporters from Reuters were sentenced to 7 years in prison by a Burmese court for violating state-secret laws in what has been widely reported as a sham process. During their court proceedings, a po-lice official testified he had been or-dered to entrap these journalists. This is nothing less than an effort to sup-press the truth. The leader of Burma’s civilian gov-ernment, Aung San Suu Kyi, must pur-sue the immediate and unconditional release of these courageous reporters. Anything less represents a betrayal of justice and democracy. Earlier this year, Burma’s national security advisor made a series of com-ments designed to deny or downplay any violence and atrocities against the Rohingya, saying the vast majority re-main in Burma, and ‘‘if it was geno-cide, they would all be driven out.’’ He went on to declare that the Bur-mese Government ‘‘would like to have clear evidence’’ of ethnic cleansing and genocide. The evidence, of course, is overwhelming, as presented in the cur-rent and previous U.N. reports. The fact is that Suu Kyi and the ci-vilian government too often excuse or deny genocide. The U.N. report stated that she failed to use her position or moral authority to protect the Rohingya, and that civilian authorities have, instead, ‘‘spread false narratives’’ about the atrocities. Some have preached patience with Suu Kyi, noting that she does not have direct authority over Burma’s mili-tary. They say that there is a danger the military may dismantle the civil-ian government if she raises concerns about their brutal and murderous re-pression of the Rohingya. I met personally with Suu Kyi a few years ago as part of a delegation led by N
ANCY PELOSI . Her story of not only perseverance but triumph over oppres-sion was an inspiration to all of us. But none of this justifies silence in the face of genocide. Over three-quarters of a million Rohingya have been forced to flee their homes to seek refuge in neighboring Bangladesh. Many thousands have been killed, raped, and beaten as described earlier. Dozens of villages have been burned and bulldozed into oblivion. The civilian government has the power to free the two jailed reporters who have exposed particular cases of violence against the Rohingya. Mr. Speaker, I rise once again to speak about the unspeakable suffering of the Rohingya people. Two recent developments have accentuated the vital need for the House to speak formally and clearly about this human disaster. First, last month, a fact-finding mission of the United Nations spelled out what is undeni-able—that Burma’s Rohingya Muslim popu-lation has been subjected to ‘‘systemic op-pression’’ culminating in so-called clearance operations that ‘‘targeted and terrorized the entire Rohingya population.’’ The UN report called for Burma’s (also known as Myanmar) military leaders to be in-vestigated and prosecuted on charges of genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes related to the atrocities committed against the Rohingya. Let me quote directly from the UN report on the violence and brutality inflicted on the Rohingya by operations conducted by the Bur-mese military last year: The ‘‘clearance operation’’ constituted a human rights catastrophe. Thousands of Rohingya were killed or injured. Mass killings were perpetrated . . . villagers were gathered together, before men and boys were separated and killed . . . women and girls were taken to nearby houses, gang raped, then killed or severely injured. Bodies were transported in military vehicles, burned and disposed of in mass graves. Villagers were killed by soldiers, and sometimes Rakhine men, using large bladed weapons. Others were killed in arson at-tacks, burned to death in their own houses. In some cases, people were forced into burn-ing houses, or locked into buildings set on fire. Rape and other forms of sexual violence were perpetrated on a massive scale. 
Second, reporters who have attempted to expose these atrocities in Burma have been targeted for harassment and arrest. Just last week, two reporters from Reuters were sen-tenced to seven years in prison by a Burmese court for violating state secrets laws in what has been widely reported as a sham process. During their court proceeding, a police offi-cial testified he had been ordered to entrap these journalists. This is nothing less than an effort to sup-press the truth. The leader of Burma’s civilian government, Aung San Suu Kyi, must pursue the immediate and unconditional release of these courageous reporters. Anything less represents a betrayal of justice and democ-racy. Earlier this year, Burma’s National Security Advisor (Thaung Tun) made a series of com-ments designed to deny or downplay any vio-lence and atrocities against the Rohingya, saying the vast majority remain in Burma, and ‘‘if it was genocide, they would all be driven out.’’ He went on to declare that the Burmese government ‘‘would like to have clear evi-dence’’ of ethnic cleansing and genocide. The evidence of course is overwhelming, as pre-sented in the current and previous UN reports. The fact is that Suu Kyi and the civilian gov-ernment too often excuse or deny genocide. The UN report stated that she failed to use her position or moral authority to protect the Rohingya, and that civilian authorities have in-stead ‘‘spread false narratives’’ about the atrocities. Some have preached patience with Suu Kyi, noting that she does not have direct authority over Burma’s military. They say there is a danger the military may dismantle the civilian government if she raises concerns about their brutal and murderous repression of the Rohingya. I met personally with Suu Kyi a few years ago as part of a delegation led by NANCY  P
ELOSI . Her story of not only perseverance but triumph over oppression was an inspiration to all of us. But none of this justifies silence in the face of genocide. Over three-quarters of a million Rohingya have been forced to flee their homes in Burma to seek refuge in neighboring Bangladesh. Many thousands have been killed, beaten, and raped. Dozens of villages have been burned and bulldozed into oblivion. The civilian government has the power to free the two jailed reporters who have ex-posed particular cases of violence against the Rohingya. Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo should not be imprisoned for shining a light on the truth. Congresswoman S
CHAKOWSKY is leading ef-forts to urge Secretary of State Pompeo to de-mand their immediate release in direct discus-sions with Suu Kyi, saying ‘‘this case is only the latest example of the ongoing erosion of press freedom in Burma, especially directed at those covering military abuses.’’ Representatives J
OAQUIN CASTRO and A NN W
AGNER have sent a letter directly to Suu Kyi urging the journalists’ release after being sen-tenced for, in their words, ‘‘their commitment to a central role of a free press—speaking truth to power.’’ Nikki Haley, the U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations, has said ‘‘the conviction of two journalists for doing their job is another terrible stain on the Burmese government.’’ Last week, I introduced H. Res. 1057, call-ing on Suu Kyi to move to immediately and unconditionally free the two reporters. It builds on an earlier resolution that I joined with Sen-ator D
URBIN and the late Senator McCain that called for both military and civilian authorities to end the violent repression of the Rohingya. I urged that we in the House carry out our solemn duty and come together now and speak with one voice. We should pass a reso-lution right now saying that jailing reporters for exposing the truth is a grave injustice, espe-cially when that truth is the crime of genocide. We cannot wait to respond to this injustice when it is convenient or safe. Those whose voices have been suppressed through vio-lence and cruelty need us to speak for them now. We must not fail them. 
f 
RECOGNIZING CROYDON FIRE COMPANY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.004 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8112 September 12, 2018 
Pennsylvania (Mr. F ITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Croydon Fire Company in Bucks County, Penn-sylvania, which recently celebrated its 100th year of service in our community. Recently, the fire company cele-brated with a parade and an open house, which I had the honor to par-ticipate with them in, allowing Croydon residents to express their gratitude and well wishes to the brave men and women who sacrifice so much for our community. I would like to take this time, Mr. Speaker, to show our community’s ap-preciation for volunteer fire compa-nies, who often today are feeling the squeeze of declining membership and volunteerism. In Croydon, under the strong leader-ship of Chief Tom Tryon, the fire com-pany continues to see success. How-ever, there is still work to be done in order to sustain the viability of volun-teer fire companies, and we stand by their side in this mission. I applaud the work of the Croydon volunteer fire company and their tire-less work to protect our families and our community. We wish them all the best as they enter their second century serving lower Bucks County and our entire community. 
OVARIAN CANCER AWARENESS MONTH  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Ovarian Cancer Awareness Month. As policy-makers and citizens, it is a time for us to reflect on loved ones lost and to work together in advancing bipartisan solutions to eradicate this disease. I am proud of my neighbors in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, who are doing their part to advocate for a cure to ovarian cancer. Turn the Towns Teal, a national campaign that spreads awareness of ovarian cancer through the placement of teal ribbons in public locations, re-cently arrived in Doylestown borough. This event brought together thoughtful citizens, in partnership with the Doylestown Rotary Club, dispensing nearly 400 ribbons throughout the area. It takes several leaders to make this impactful event possible. I would like to thank coordinator Joan Doyle for her activism, along with the Doylestown borough mayor, Ron Strouse, and the entire Doylestown borough council for their support in the fight against ovarian cancer. I want to commend all volunteers who participated in Doylestown’s Turn the Towns Teal event in its 10th year of ex-istence. We look forward to collabo-rating with them to promote this noble cause throughout our community. 
RECOGNIZING SHARED SUPPORT , INC. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a nonprofit or-ganization in Bucks County, Pennsyl-vania, that gives individuals with in-tellectual and developmental disabil-ities the ability to contribute to soci-ety in a variety of meaningful and ful-filling ways. Shared Support, Inc., in Warminster is a unique program that gives partici-pants work experiences in multiple set-tings. One of Shared Support, Inc.’s im-pressive stories involves Jimmy Gar-cia, who assists the residents of the Neshaminy Manor nursing home. Recently, during a painting activity session, Jimmy was extremely helpful in making sure the residents had the supplies they needed to accomplish their tasks. He also took a trip with Neshaminy Manor to the Middletown Grange Fair, assisting Warwick-based Ross Mill Farm with the hard work of cleaning the animal pens. I applaud Jimmy for his hard work and for being an outstanding citizen in our community. I would also like to thank Shared Support cofounder and CEO Christine Martin, direct care pro-fessional Mike Hegarty, and Neshaminy Manor’s activities aid Mar-garet Matthews for all of their amazing work with an amazing organization. Our community really thanks them for all the work they do. f 
RECOGNIZING FAIRVIEW MORAVIAN CHURCH The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX) for 5 min-utes. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize Fairview Moravian Church in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, for hosting its third annual Police Appre-ciation Day last Friday. It was my privilege to attend this inspiring and exciting event in honor of the entire Winston-Salem police force and their families. Fairview Moravian Church did an in-credible job of bringing together the community to celebrate the commit-ment and sacrifices that law enforce-ment officers and their families make to protect and serve the community. Numerous local businesses also partici-pated in the event by providing a won-derful meal and various door prizes. I commend Police Chief Catrina Thompson, along with her leadership team, for the leadership they provide the police force, and I commend and thank, with all my heart, the Winston- Salem police force and all of the men and women who make daily sacrifices to keep the community safe. They are truly a dedicated group of people. The Fifth District is fortunate to have the congregation of Fairview Mo-ravian Church devote its time and ef-fort to carry out this tradition to show the men and women of the police force the support they deserve every day. May God continue to bless everyone involved. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 25 minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. CALVERT ) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Merciful God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. The Members of this House return to address issues of concern to the Nation. Give them the gifts of discernment and patience in the work that faces them. Even so, a major storm approaches the Carolinas, promising disruptions to life and safety in the coastal States, as well as impacting travel for many Members. May this be a time, with Your grace, for Americans to demonstrate good will toward their neighbors, and pa-tience as well, with the difficult re-sponsibilities of those in government when natural disaster is imminent. We thank You for the courage of those charged with responding to the impact of the storm in the coming days, and ask that all would be safe and secure. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Texas (Mr. W
ILLIAMS ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. WILLIAMS led the Pledge of Al-legiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
PALESTINIAN LIBERATION ORGA-NIZATION SUBSIDIZES MURDER (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, this week, President Donald Trump, Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, and National Security Advi-sor John Bolton made the courageous decision to close the Palestinian Lib-eration Organization, PLO, office in Washington. The PLO has taken no steps to ad-vance the peace negotiations with Israel. Instead, they have focused their efforts on leveraging the International 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:06 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.006 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8113 September 12, 2018 
Criminal Court, which directly disrupts the peace process. Unfortunately, the PLO’s efforts to subvert the International Criminal Court were advanced when former President Barack Obama refused to stand up for Israel in the U.N. Security Council. While the PLO condemns Israel, it is, shamefully, paying payments to fami-lies of suicide bombers and terrorists as rewards for mass murder. Hakim Abard, who murdered five members of an Israeli family, receives $14,000 a year from the PLO. The family of the murderer of American Taylor Force re-ceived benefits as a reward for that murder. The administration had provided the PLO the opportunity to remain when their waiver lapsed, but, unfortunately, the PLO continues to sponsor violence against innocent American and Israeli citizens. President Trump made the right decision. Our prayers for the people threatened by Hurricane Florence, with our appre-ciation for the first responders who are protecting American families in the tradition of 9/11. 
f 
ETHICS IN PUBLIC SERVICE (Mr. SCHNEIDER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, Presi-dent Trump campaigned to drain the swamp, but his administration has only accelerated the revolving door be-tween the executive branch and indus-try lobbyists. Last week, I introduced a bill to re-store the rules surrounding executive appointee lobbying to the higher stand-ards of the previous administration. The Ethics in Public Service Act would make commonsense changes to make government more transparent and accountable. For example, it would close loopholes in the Trump adminis-tration’s ethics pledge allowing former appointees to communicate with the agency where they worked and permit-ting former lobbyists to join an execu-tive agency that they lobbied within the previous 2 years. Government officials should not be shamelessly trading on their service for personal gain or to help out the spe-cial interests that previously employed them. Our democracy will function more ef-fectively, and the American people will be better served, by a stronger separa-tion between public service and cor-porate lobbying. I urge my colleagues to join me in support of this legislation to clean up the system in Washington. 
f 
RECOGNIZING LAKE TRAVIS FIRE DEPARTMENT AND BEE CAVE POLICE DEPARTMENT (Mr. WILLIAMS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, today I want to take a moment to recognize the Lake Travis Fire Department and the Bee Cave Police Department that are in the great 25th District of Texas. As we all know, yesterday marked 17 years since our country was attacked on September 11, 2001. We lost thou-sands of lives when terrorists wreaked havoc on the United States. While we can never forget the anger and heartbreak we all felt, we must also never forget the heroic actions by our first responders. While people were running down the stairs to escape, men and women were running up 110 flights of stairs toward danger to save lives. That day, we lost 343 New York fire-fighters, 37 Port Authority officers, and 23 New York P.D. officers. While we can never truly thank them for their sacrifice, we can honor them for their courage and valor. Yesterday, the Lake Travis Fire De-partment and the Bee Cave Police De-partment put on full gear and climbed 110 flights of stairs to commemorate those who never made it out while climbing those steps. Mr. Speaker, our first responders are vital to the safety of Americans, and we must never forget to thank them for all they do. We must continue to pray for all those affected, and thank those who selflessly gave their lives for our Nation. God bless our first responders, and God bless America. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 2:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 6 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1430 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. C
ALVERT ) at 2 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or votes objected to under clause 6 of rule XX. The House will resume proceedings on postponed questions at a later time. 
f 
COUNTERING WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION ACT OF 2018 Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6198) to amend the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 to establish the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruc-tion Office, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 6198 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. COUNTERING WEAPONS OF MASS DE-STRUCTION OFFICE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title XIX of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 591 et seq.) is amended— (1) in the title heading, by striking ‘‘ DO- MESTIC NUCLEAR DETECTION OFFICE ’’ and inserting ‘‘COUNTERING WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION OFFICE’’; (2) by striking section 1901 and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1900. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this title: ‘‘(1) A
SSISTANT SECRETARY .—The term ‘As-sistant Secretary’ means the Assistant Sec-retary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office. ‘‘(2) I
NTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY .—The term ‘intelligence community’ has the meaning given such term in section 3(4) of the Na-tional Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)). ‘‘(3) O
FFICE .—The term ‘Office’ means the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Of-fice established under section 1901(a). ‘‘(4) W
EAPON OF MASS DESTRUCTION .—The term ‘weapon of mass destruction’ has the meaning given the term in section 101 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801). ‘‘Subtitle A—Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office 
‘‘SEC. 1901. COUNTERING WEAPONS OF MASS DE-STRUCTION OFFICE. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Department a Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office. ‘‘(b) A
SSISTANT SECRETARY .—The Office shall be headed by an Assistant Secretary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office, who shall be appointed by the Presi-dent. ‘‘(c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Assistant Sec-retary shall serve as the Secretary’s prin-cipal advisor on— ‘‘(1) weapons of mass destruction matters and strategies; and ‘‘(2) coordinating efforts to counter weap-ons of mass destruction. ‘‘(d) D
ETAILS .—The Secretary may request that the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of Energy, the Secretary of State, the Attor-ney General, the Nuclear Regulatory Com-mission, and the directors of other Federal agencies, including elements of the intel-ligence community, provide for the reim-bursable detail of personnel with relevant expertise to the Office.’’; (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Subtitle B—Mission of the Office 
‘‘SEC. 1921. MISSION OF THE OFFICE. 
‘‘The Office shall be responsible for coordi-nating with other Federal efforts and devel-oping departmental strategy and policy to plan for, detect, and protect against the im-portation, possession, storage, transpor-tation, development, or use of unauthorized chemical, biological, radiological, or nuclear materials, devices, or agents in the United States and to protect against an attack using such materials, devices, or agents against the people, territory, or interests of the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.008 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8114 September 12, 2018 
‘‘SEC. 1922. RELATIONSHIP TO OTHER DEPART-MENT ENTITIES AND FEDERAL AGENCIES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The authority of the As-sistant Secretary under this title shall nei-ther affect nor diminish the authority or the responsibility of any officer of the Depart-ment or of any officer of any other depart-ment or agency of the United States with re-spect to the command, control, or direction of the functions, personnel, funds, assets, and liabilities of any entity within the De-partment or any Federal department or agency. ‘‘(b) F
EDERAL EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT  A
GENCY .—Nothing in this title or any other provision of law may be construed to affect or reduce the responsibilities of the Federal Emergency Management Agency or the Ad-ministrator of the Agency, including the di-version of any asset, function, or mission of the Agency or the Administrator of the Agency.’’; (4) by striking section 1905; (5) by redesignating sections 1902, 1903, 1904, 1906, and 1907 as sections 1923, 1924, 1925, 1926, and 1927, respectively, and transferring such sections to appear after section 1922, as added by paragraph (3); (6) in section 1923, as so redesignated— (A) in the section heading by striking ‘‘
MISSION OF OFFICE ’’ and inserting ‘‘ RESPON -
SIBILITIES ’’; and (B) in subsection (a)(11), by striking ‘‘Do-mestic Nuclear Detection Office’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Office’’; (7) in section 1925, as so redesignated, in subsection (a), in the first sentence, by strik-ing ‘‘section 1902’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1923’’; (8) in section 1926, as so redesignated— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘Director for Domestic Nu-clear Detection’’ and inserting ‘‘Assistant Secretary’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘paragraphs (6) and (7) of section 1902(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1923’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘para-graphs (6) and (7) of section 1902(a)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 1923’’; (9) in section 1927, as so redesignated— (A) in subsection (a)(1)(C), in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘Director of the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office’’ and inserting ‘‘Assistant Secretary’’; and (B) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘section 1902’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1923’’; and (10) by inserting after section 1927, as so re-designated, the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 1928. SECURING THE CITIES PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary, through the Assistant Secretary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Of-fice, shall establish the ‘Securing the Cities’ (‘STC’) program to enhance the ability of the United States to detect and prevent terrorist attacks and other high consequence events utilizing nuclear or other radiological mate-rials that pose a high risk to homeland secu-rity in high-risk urban areas. Through the STC program the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) assist State, local, Tribal, and terri-torial governments in designing and imple-menting, or enhancing existing, architec-tures for coordinated and integrated detec-tion and interdiction of nuclear or other ra-diological materials that are out of regu-latory control; ‘‘(2) support the development of a region- wide operating capability to detect and re-port on nuclear and other radioactive mate-rials out of regulatory control; ‘‘(3) provide resources to enhance detec-tion, analysis, communication, and coordina-tion to better integrate into Federal oper-ations State, local, Tribal, and territorial as-sets; ‘‘(4) facilitate alarm adjudication and pro-vide subject matter expertise and technical assistance on concepts of operations, train-ing, exercises, and alarm response protocols; ‘‘(5) communicate with, and promote shar-ing of information about the presence or de-tection of nuclear or other radiological ma-terials among appropriate Federal, State, local, Tribal, and territorial governments, in a manner that ensures transparency with the jurisdictions served by such program; ‘‘(6) provide augmenting resources, as ap-propriate, to enable State, local, Tribal, and territorial governments to sustain and re-fresh their capabilities developed under the STC program; and ‘‘(7) provide any other assistance the Sec-retary determines appropriate. ‘‘(b) DESIGNATION OF JURISDICTIONS .—In carrying out the STC program under sub-section (a), the Secretary shall designate ju-risdictions from among high-risk urban areas under section 2003, and other cities and regions, as appropriate. ‘‘(c) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .—The Secretary shall notify the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate not later than three days before the designation of a new jurisdiction in accordance with sub-section (b) or any other change to partici-pating jurisdictions.’’. (b) R
EFERENCES AND CONSTRUCTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Any reference in any law, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to— (A) the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office shall be deemed to be a reference to the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Of-fice; and (B) the Director for Domestic Nuclear De-tection shall be deemed to be a reference to the Assistant Secretary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office. (2) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Sections 1923 through 1927 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as so redesignated by subsection (a), shall be construed to cover the chemical and biologi-cal responsibilities of the Assistant Sec-retary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office. (3) A
UTHORITY .—The authority of the Di-rector of the Domestic Nuclear Detection Of-fice to make grants or enter into cooperative agreements is transferred to the Assistant Secretary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office, and such authority shall be construed to include grants for all purposes of title XIX of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002, as amended by this Act. (c) C
HIEF MEDICAL OFFICER .— (1) R
EPEAL .—Title V of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 311 et seq.) is amended by striking section 516. (2) A
MENDMENT .—Title XIX of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 591 et seq.), as amended by subsection (a), is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘Subtitle C—Chief Medical Officer 
‘‘SEC. 1931. CHIEF MEDICAL OFFICER. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There is in the Office a Chief Medical Officer, who shall be appointed by the President. The Chief Medical Officer shall report to the Assistant Secretary. ‘‘(b) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—The individual ap-pointed as Chief Medical Officer shall be a li-censed physician possessing a demonstrated ability in and knowledge of medicine and public health. ‘‘(c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Chief Medical Officer shall have the responsibility within the Department for medical issues related to natural disasters, acts of terrorism, and other man-made disasters, including— ‘‘(1) serving as the principal advisor on medical and public health issues to the Sec-retary, the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, the Assist-ant Secretary, and other Department offi-cials; ‘‘(2) providing operational medical support to all components of the Department; ‘‘(3) as appropriate, providing medical liai-sons to the components of the Department, on a reimbursable basis, to provide subject matter expertise on operational medical issues; ‘‘(4) coordinating with Federal, State, local, and Tribal governments, the medical community, and others within and outside the Department, including the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the Of-fice of the Assistant Secretary for Prepared-ness and Response of the Department of Health and Human Services, with respect to medical and public health matters; and ‘‘(5) performing such other duties relating to such responsibilities as the Secretary may require.’’. (3) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended by striking the item relating to section 516. (d) W
ORKFORCE HEALTH AND MEDICAL SUP-
PORT .—Title VII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new sec-tion: 
‘‘SEC. 710. WORKFORCE HEALTH AND MEDICAL SUPPORT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Under Secretary for Management shall be responsible for work-force-focused health and medical activities of the Department. The Under Secretary for Management may further delegate these re-sponsibilities, as appropriate. ‘‘(b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Under Sec-retary for Management, in coordination with the Chief Medical Officer, shall— ‘‘(1) provide oversight and coordinate the medical and health activities of the Depart-ment for the human and animal personnel of the Department; ‘‘(2) establish medical, health, veterinary, and occupational health exposure policy, guidance, strategies, and initiatives for the human and animal personnel of the Depart-ment; ‘‘(3) as deemed appropriate by the Under Secretary, provide medical liaisons to the components of the Department, on a reim-bursable basis, to provide subject matter ex-pertise on occupational medical and public health issues; ‘‘(4) serve as the primary representative for the Department on agreements regarding the detail of Commissioned Corps officers of the Public Health Service of the Department of Health and Human Services to the Depart-ment, except that components and offices of the Department shall retain authority for funding, determination of specific duties, and supervision of such detailed Commis-sioned Corps officers; and ‘‘(5) perform such other duties relating to such responsibilities as the Secretary may require.’’. (e) T
RANSFERS ; ABOLISHMENT .— (1) T
RANSFERS .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall transfer to— (A) the Countering Weapons of Mass De-struction Office all functions, personnel, budget authority, and assets of— (i) the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office, as in existence on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act; and (ii) the Office of Health Affairs, as in exist-ence on the day before the date of the enact-ment of this Act, except for the functions, personnel, budget authority, and assets of such office necessary to perform the func-tions specified in section 710 of the Homeland 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE7.003 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8115 September 12, 2018 
Security Act of 2002 (relating to workforce health and medical support), as added by this Act; and (B) the Directorate of Management of the Department of Homeland Security all func-tions, personnel, budget authority, and as-sets of the Office of Health Affairs, as in ex-istence on the day before the date of the en-actment of this Act, that are necessary to perform the functions of such section 710. (2) A
BOLISHMENT .—Upon completion of all transfers pursuant to paragraph (1)— (A) the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office of the Department of Homeland Security and the Office of Health Affairs of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security are abolished; and (B) the positions of Assistant Secretary for Health Affairs and Director for Domestic Nu-clear Detection are abolished. (f) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) O
THER OFFICERS .—Paragraph (4) of sec-tion 103(d) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 113(d)) is amended by striking ‘‘A Director for Domestic Nuclear Detec-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘An Assistant Secretary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruc-tion Office’’. (2) N
ATIONAL BIOSURVEILLANCE INTEGRATION  
CENTER .—Section 316(a) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 195b(a)) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘Secretary shall’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Secretary, acting through the Assistant Secretary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office, shall’’. (3) I
NTERNATIONAL COOPERATION .—Section 317(f) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 195c(f)) is amended by striking ‘‘the Chief Medical Officer,’’ and inserting ‘‘the Assistant Secretary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office,’’. (4) F
UNCTIONS TRANSFERRED .—Section 505(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 315(b)) is amended— (A) by striking paragraph (4); (B) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-graph (4); and (C) in paragraph (4), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘through (4)’’ and inserting ‘‘through (3)’’. (5) C
OORDINATION OF DEPARTMENT OF HOME -
LAND SECURITY EFFORTS RELATED TO FOOD , 
AGRICULTURE , AND VETERINARY DEFENSE  
AGAINST TERRORISM .—Section 528(a) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 321q(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘Health Af-fairs,’’ and inserting ‘‘the Countering Weap-ons of Mass Destruction Office,’’. (g) D
EPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY  C
HEMICAL , B IOLOGICAL , R ADIOLOGICAL , AND N
UCLEAR ACTIVITIES .—Not later than one year after the date of enactment of this Act and once every year thereafter, the Sec-retary of Homeland Security shall provide a briefing and report to the appropriate con-gressional committees (as defined in section 2 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101) on— (1) the organization and management of the chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear activities of the Department of Homeland Security, including research and development activities, and the location of each activity under the organizational struc-ture of the Countering Weapons of Mass De-struction Office; (2) a comprehensive inventory of chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear activi-ties, including research and development ac-tivities, of the Department of Homeland Se-curity, highlighting areas of collaboration between components, coordination with other agencies, and the effectiveness and ac-complishments of consolidated chemical, bi-ological, radiological, and nuclear activities of the Department of Homeland Security, in-cluding research and development activities; (3) information relating to how the organi-zational structure of the Countering Weap-ons of Mass Destruction Office will enhance the development of chemical, biological, ra-diological, and nuclear priorities and capa-bilities across the Department of Homeland Security; (4) a discussion of any resulting cost sav-ings and efficiencies gained through activi-ties described in paragraphs (1) and (2); (5) information on how the Assistant Sec-retary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office is coordinating with the Under Secretary of Science and Technology of the Department of Homeland Security on research and development activities; and (6) recommendations for any necessary statutory changes, or, if no statutory changes are necessary, an explanation of why no statutory or organizational changes are necessary. (h) CLERICAL AMENDMENTS .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended— (1) by inserting after the item relating to section 709 the following: ‘‘Sec. 710. Workforce health and medical support.’’; and (2) by striking the item relating to title XIX (including items relating to section 1901 through section 1907) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘TITLE XIX—COUNTERING WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION OFFICE ‘‘Sec. 1900. Definitions. ‘‘Subtitle A—Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office ‘‘Sec. 1901. Countering Weapons of Mass De-struction Office. ‘‘Subtitle B—Mission of the Office ‘‘Sec. 1921. Mission of the Office. ‘‘Sec. 1922. Relationship to other depart-ment entities and Federal agen-cies. ‘‘Sec. 1923. Responsibilities. ‘‘Sec. 1924. Hiring authority. ‘‘Sec. 1925. Testing authority. ‘‘Sec. 1926. Contracting and grant making authorities. ‘‘Sec. 1927. Joint annual interagency review of global nuclear detection ar-chitecture. ‘‘Sec. 1928. Securing the Cities program. ‘‘Subtitle C—Chief Medical Officer ‘‘Sec. 1931. Chief Medical Officer.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. D
ONOVAN ) and the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AYNE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include any ex-traneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the Department of Homeland Security was created in re-sponse to the September 11th terrorist attacks and the threats to the home-land posed by al-Qaida and other ter-rorist groups. As we pause this week to honor those we lost and the heroic first responders who answered the call that day, we rec-ognize that the scope of the threat we face has changed dramatically since that time and has become much more diverse and diffuse. We know that the terrorist groups have long strived to employ chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear materials in their attacks. There have been documented reports of ISIS using mustard gas in Syria, as well as sarin and chlorine gas used by the Syrian Government. A plot to release hydrogen sulfide via an improvised chemical dispersion de-vice was uncovered by the Australian Federal Police. A laptop, reportedly re-trieved from an ISIS hideout in Syria in 2014, contained plans for bubonic plague and a document that discussed the advantages of using biological weapons. The rapid evolution of new biological techniques, such as CRISPR CAS9, posed potential threats as the new techniques can be used for good or evil. As the world of threats continues to evolve and becomes more complex, it is incumbent upon the Department of Homeland Security to continuously as-sess whether or not it is optimally or-ganized to best confront the variety of threats it is expected to counter. Last year, former Acting Secretary Elaine Duke determined that the De-partment was, in fact, not organized to best address these threats. As a result, on October 6, she notified the com-mittee of her intent to use her 872 reor-ganization authority to establish a Countering Weapons of Mass Destruc-tion, or CWMD, Office, headed by an Assistant Secretary for CWMD. This reorganization took effect last Decem-ber. However, the Secretary realized that the use of her 872 authority would only take her so far, and legislative changes are necessary to fully integrate the CWMD Office. The bill we are considering today will take the Department the rest of the way in developing an integrated, effec-tive organization to counter CBRN threats. The bill seeks to ensure that the Department of Homeland Security has the structure, authority, and tools it needs to counter the threat of weap-ons of mass destruction. It consolidates the Office of Health Affairs and the Domestic Nuclear De-tection Office into a new Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office to ensure coordination and unity of effort at the Department of Homeland Secu-rity on these threats. Current DHS Secretary Nielsen has indicated that this bill is one of her top legislative priorities, noting that it will: ‘‘Provide DHS crucial, legal au-thorities to protect the homeland . . . and enable DHS to more quickly ob-tain, test, and deploy effective counter- WMD tactics and technologies.’’ Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  a letter from Secretary Nielsen in sup-port of this bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE7.003 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8116 September 12, 2018 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, August 30, 2018. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker of the House, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARSPEAKER RYAN: Thank you for your leadership addressing threats to the home-land and strengthening the Department of Homeland Security’s (DHS) ability to carry out its mission. I would like to highlight the work being done in Congress to close identi-fied security gaps and better guard against the persistent and evolving threat from weapons of mass destruction (WMD). As we saw with the Russian chemical weapon incidents in the United Kingdom, na-tion-states are using these capabilities for lethal attacks against civilians. At the same time, terrorist groups such as the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) are developing and deploying their own WMD capabilities to use on the battlefield and in external oper-ations in the West. Unfortunately, the U.S. Government—including the Department of Homeland Security—lacks the central focal point and authorities needed to decisively combat these dangers and adequately defend the U.S. homeland. That is why I am seeking your assistance in authorizing the DHS Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction (CWMD) Office. This is one of my top legislative priorities for DHS, in addition to authorizing DHS to counter the threat posed by the nefarious use of un-manned aircraft systems and authorization of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Se-curity Agency, as well as DHS itself. The CWMD legislation sponsored by Representa-tive Donovan (R–NY) and cosponsored by Chairman McCaul (R–TX), H.R. 6198, the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Act of 2018, represents a critical step towards en-abling the Department to mitigate WMD threats. I strongly support this bill’s movement under suspension of the rules at the earliest possible opportunity. Once enacted, the leg-islation will permanently establish the CWMD Office as the nucleus of DHS efforts to guard the homeland against chemical, bi-ological, radiological, and nuclear threats, and it will provide DHS crucial legal au-thorities to protect the homeland. DHS cur-rently has broad authorities related to the radiological and nuclear detection mission space, but the lack of similar authorities for chemical and biological missions constrains our ability to address threats comprehen-sively. This legislation would address that disparity and will enable DHS to more quick-ly obtain, test, and deploy effective counter- WMD tactics and technologies. Similar bill language has been reported out of the Senate Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs committee as part of the DHS Authorization bill, H.R. 2825, so I am hopeful that near-term House passage will bring this legislation closer to reaching the President’s desk. Thank you again for your attention to this important matter, and for your continued support of the men and women at DHS, who are committed to pro-tecting this Nation. Best Regards, K
IRSTJEN M. N IELSEN , Secretary. 
Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, the bill we are considering today is similar in intent to the Department of Homeland Security CBRNE Defense Act, which passed the House by voice last Con-gress. Similar legislation was approved by the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs earlier this year, and I am hopeful we will work together to swiftly get this important bill to the President for his signature. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chair-man WALDEN of the Energy and Com-merce Committee for working with me to bring this bill to the floor. I urge all Members to join me in supporting H.R. 6198, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , Washington, DC, September 10, 2018. Hon. M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN MCCAUL: I am writing to notify you that the Committee on Energy and Commerce will forgo action on H.R. 6198 so that it may proceed to the House floor for consideration. This is done with the under-standing that the Committee’s jurisdictional interests over this and similar legislation are in no way diminished or altered. In addi-tion, the Committee reserves the right to seek conferees on the bill and expects your support when such a request is made. Please include a copy of this letter out-lining our mutual understanding with re-spect to H.R. 6198 in the Congressional Record during consideration of the bill on the House floor. Sincerely, G
REGWALDEN , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, September 11, 2018. Hon. G
REGWALDEN , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN WALDEN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 6198, the ‘‘Coun-tering Weapons of Mass Destruction Act of 2018.’’ I appreciate your support in bringing this legislation before the House of Rep-resentatives, and accordingly, understand that the Committee on Energy and Com-merce will forego further consideration of the bill. The Committee on Homeland Security con-curs with the mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of this bill at this time, the Committee on Energy and Com-merce does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a conference on this bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee represented on the conference committee. I will insert copies of this exchange in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I thank you for your cooperation in this matter. Sincerely, M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman. 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6198, the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Act of 2018. This bill au-thorizes the Department of Homeland Security to reorganize itself in order to prevent, prepare for, and respond to a biological, chemical, radiological, or nuclear attack. Yesterday, we came together to mark the 17th anniversary of the 9/11 ter-rorist attacks. As a proud New Jerseyan, I carry those images of that day in the work that I do in Congress and on the Committee on Homeland Security. Today, in a small way, we are here to honor the loss and sacrifice Americans felt that day by positioning DHS to better address emerging terrorist threats. Plans to reorganize DHS’ bio-logical, chemical, radiological, and nu-clear programs first surfaced in the Obama administration. In December 2017, then-Acting DHS Secretary Elaine Duke exercised her statutory authority to reorganize ele-ments within the Department to estab-lish a new Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office. The CWMD Office merged the functions of the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office, DNDO; the majority of the Office of Health Af-fairs, OHA; parts of Science and Tech-nology Directorate, S&T; parts of DHS Office of Strategy, Policy, and Plans, SPP; and DHS Office of Operations Co-ordination, OPS. Though many of us in Congress were disappointed that DHS acted without explicit congressional authorization to make this major operational change, the reorganization appears to have been effective in harmonizing efforts within DHS. I am pleased that the legislation be-fore you today contains language au-thored to ensure that CWMD Office leverages research and development re-sources and capabilities by coordi-nating with the Science and Tech-nology Directorate. H.R. 6198 also contains language, al-ready passed by the House, to author-ize the Securing the Cities program. Securing the Cities is an important tool to protecting New York City and other major metropolitan areas. Mr. Speaker, I would encourage my colleagues to support this bill, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. MCCAUL), the distinguished chairman of the Com-mittee on Homeland Security. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Act to help protect our homeland from the world’s most dangerous weapons. Yesterday, we observed the 17th anni-versary of the 9/11 terror attacks. On that day in 2001, 19 Islamist terrorists turned airplanes into cruise missiles and crashed them into the Twin Tow-ers, the Pentagon, and a field in Shanksville, Pennsylvania. Had it not been for the heroic passengers on United Airlines flight 93, this very building, the Capitol, could have been destroyed. Almost 3,000 innocent people were killed and thousands more injured. It was the most devastating attack on our homeland in our Nation’s history, targeting our military, economic, and political symbols of power. While attending a memorial service at the Pentagon yesterday, many of us remembered the images from 9/11 and they returned to me: the towers fall-ing, the Pentagon on fire, and our brave first responders running into 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE7.005 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8117 September 12, 2018 
harm’s way to save their fellow citi-zens. I also remembered that in the after-math of the attack, we pledged to never forget: never forget the pain we felt, never forget the victims, and never forget that our enemies will search for new ways to attack our country. Today, the most serious threats to our national security come from bio-logical, chemical, and nuclear weapons. Over the last few decades, North Korea has been developing nuclear weapons and intercontinental ballistic missiles to deliver them. The terror-sponsoring regime in Iran has also been building a nuclear pro-gram, and Bashar al-Assad’s evil dicta-torship in Syria has used chemical weapons to kill innocent civilians, in-cluding women and children. Russia recently used a chemical weapon in an assassination attempt in Great Britain, and reports of terror groups like al-Qaida have been in pur-suit of weapons of mass destruction for many, many years. These weapons are real and lethal. A WMD attack in the United States could kill millions of people and bring eco-nomic mayhem. We cannot allow these weapons to be used on our soil. To prevent this from happening, we must give the Department of Homeland Security the authority it needs to counter the threat. This legislation will consolidate the Office of Health Affairs and the Domestic Nuclear De-tection Office, along with other depart-ment programs, into a Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office. I personally talked to the Secretary who strongly supports this legislation. I believe DHS is making good progress in this direction, but this legislation will ensure that they have the nec-essary authorities to counter these dangerous threats. This is an opportunity, I believe, for both parties on the day after 9/11—both Republican and Democrat, as we do so many times on this committee—to come together and pass legislation that will strengthen our homeland. I would like to thank Congressman D
ONOVAN from New York, where this awful, tragic event happened 17 years ago, for all of his hard work on this issue, and Congressman P
AYNE , who has always been a team player, if you will, on the other side of the aisle, for working together to get good things done for the country which will better protect the American people. b1445 Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, in closing, the ultimate success of the CWMD Of-fice rests with the dedicated men and women who have served at the Depart-ment. The threat landscape is diverse, with conventional and nonconventional threats emerging daily. It is critical that we stay vigilant and do all we can to ensure that the Federal Department we established in response to the 9/11 attacks is positioned to meet the de-mands of the current threat landscape. By passing H.R. 6198, we can do our part to set the CWMD Office on a posi-tive course. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this measure, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my colleagues to support H.R. 6198, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. DONOVAN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6198, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
DOG AND CAT MEAT TRADE PROHIBITION ACT OF 2018 Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6720) to prohibit the slaughter of dogs and cats for human consumption, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6720 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Dog and Cat Meat Trade Prohibition Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. PROHIBITION ON SLAUGHTER OF DOGS AND CATS FOR HUMAN CONSUMP-TION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (c), no person may— (1) knowingly slaughter a dog or cat for human consumption; or (2) knowingly ship, transport, move, de-liver, receive, possess, purchase, sell, or do-nate— (A) a dog or cat to be slaughtered for human consumption; or (B) a dog or cat part for human consump-tion. (b) S
COPE.—Subsection (a) shall apply only with respect to conduct— (1) in interstate commerce or foreign com-merce; or (2) within the special maritime and terri-torial jurisdiction of the United States. (c) E
XCEPTION FOR INDIAN TRIBES .—The prohibition in subsection (a) shall not apply to an Indian (as defined in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304)) carrying out any activity described in subsection (a) for the purpose of a religious ceremony. (d) P
ENALTY .—Any person who violates subsection (a) shall be subject to a fine in an amount not greater than $5,000 for each vio-lation. (e) E
FFECT ONSTATE LAW.—Nothing in this section— (1) limits any State or local law or regula-tion protecting the welfare of animals; or (2) prevents a State or unit of local govern-ment from adopting and enforcing an animal welfare law or regulation that is more strin-gent than this section. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. ABRAHAM ) and the gen-tlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. P
LASKETT ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Louisiana? There was no objection. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6720, to prohibit the slaughter of dogs and cats for human consump-tion, and for other purposes. While this practice is completely un-acceptable in the United States, only four States explicitly ban it. This patchwork of State laws does not sig-nal the appropriate protection we Americans expect for our beloved pets and companions. To credibly condemn the inter-national dog and cat meat trade, in-cluding the Yulin Dog Meat Festival in China, the United States must send a clear message that this practice is completely unacceptable. This over-whelmingly bipartisan legislation is a crucial step in doing just that. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 6720, the Dog and Cat Meat Trade Prohibition Act of 2018. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my colleague, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. A
BRAHAM ) and this bi-partisan legislation. The Dog and Cat Meat Trade Prohibition Act calls for an end to the global dog and cat meat trade. Sixty-eight percent of Americans own pets. We treat our pets as mem-bers of the family. That is why I am surprised to learn that we don’t al-ready have a law on the books that pre-vents the killing of dogs and cats for their meat. While this remains an extremely rare issue in the United States, the practice does occur elsewhere in the world. By passing this bill, Congress will outlaw the slaughter and transfer of dogs and cats for human consumption in the United States. The farm bill currently in conference includes similar language from both the House and the Senate, so regardless of what our colleagues across the Hill do on this important issue, we can send an important message today. With this legislation, we have the chance to be a leader and set an exam-ple for those countries in which the cat and dog meat trade is most prevalent, including South Korea, Vietnam, Thai-land, China, and elsewhere. By passing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.015 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8118 September 12, 2018 
this bill, we draw a clear line on this issue and send a message to the world that we will hold countries who abide this practice accountable. It should be pointed out that while prohibiting the killing of dogs and cats for food may be seen as a no-brainer, this legislation does take a sensitive approach to the issue with regard to the diverse cultural practices within our great Nation. I appreciate the work of the two gen-tlemen from Florida, Messrs. B
UCHANAN and H ASTINGS , and their leadership on this issue. It is an oppor-tunity to come together, and we should be united in our opposition to this un-conscionable practice. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ), my distinguished col-league. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I join my colleagues today to voice my strong support for H.R. 6720, the Dog and Cat Meat Trade Prohibition Act of 2018. It is critical that every single Member of this Chamber live up to our responsibilities to be a voice for the voiceless, and banning the individual sale of dog and cat meat is vital, clear-ly, to fulfilling that obligation. Mr. Speaker, in my district of Bucks and Montgomery Counties, as is the case across this Nation, our pets are members of the family who contribute greatly to our society. In particular, dogs serve as invaluable partners in law enforcement, our military, and as service animals. Today, we have before us bipartisan, commonsense legislation that protects these animals at the most basic level. It seems obvious that, in this day and age, dogs and cats are not edible spe-cies, period. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Florida (Mr. B
UCHANAN ) for introducing this vital legislation, and I urge my colleagues to support it in a bipartisan fashion to show a united front against the horrors of the dog and cat meat trade. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. H
AS-
TINGS ), my very distinguished col-league. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I thank my distinguished colleague and good friend from the Virgin Islands as well as the distinguished gentleman from Louisiana for putting this measure for-ward today. Obviously, I support H.R. 6720, to pro-hibit the slaughter of dogs and cats for human consumption. I was pleased to join my distinguished colleague and co- chairman of the Florida delegation, Congressman V
ERN BUCHANAN , in re-introducing the measure. It might surprise you to learn that consumption of dogs and cats is still legal in 44 States, where there are no laws prohibiting the purchasing, ship-ping, transporting, selling, or donating of dogs or cats to be slaughtered for human consumption. This bill would prohibit these actions and impose pen-alties to ensure that individuals in-volved in the dog or cat meat trade are held accountable. The United States’ position on this cruel and brutal practice should be un-equivocal: Dogs and cats should not be killed in this country for the consump-tion of their meat. It is with the ut-most importance that we unify our ani-mal cruelty laws in all 50 States and explicitly ban the torture and killing of dogs and cats for human consump-tion. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman BUCHANAN for his steadfast leadership in raising awareness on animal welfare issues in Congress, and I also give a big shout-out to all those who have helped us put this measure together in the United States, the number of people who have been involved. I hope this body will expeditiously pass the measure. Doing so will reaf-firm the United States’ commitment to the humane treatment of our most be-loved companions. I might add, I misspoke a minute ago when I said the 50 States. I mean the 50 States and its territories should explic-itly ban the torture. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the bill. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I simply urge all Mem-bers to join me in support of this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support the passage of H.R. 6720, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
CCAUL). The question is on the mo-tion offered by the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. A
BRAHAM ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6720. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
FIGHTING FRAUD TO PROTECT CARE FOR SENIORS ACT OF 2018 Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6690) to establish a smart card pilot program to combat fraud, waste, and abuse and to protect beneficiary identity under the Medicare program, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6690 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Fighting Fraud to Protect Care for Seniors Act of 2018’’. SEC. 2. MEDICARE SMART CARD PILOT PROGRAM. 
Part E of title XVIII of the Social Security Act is amended by inserting after section 1866E the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 1866F. SMART CARD PILOT PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) I MPLEMENTATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 36 months after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary shall establish a pilot program (in this section referred to as the ‘pilot program’) to evaluate the feasibility of using smart card tech-nology under this title. ‘‘(2) S
MART CARD TECHNOLOGY DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘smart card technology’ means the following: ‘‘(A) B
ENEFICIARY SMART CARD .—A machine readable, tamper-resistant card (in this section referred to as a ‘smart card’) that includes an embedded integrated circuit chip with a secure micro-controller (as defined by the National In-stitute on Standards and Technology) that en-ables the verification and secure, electronic au-thentication of the identity of a Medicare bene-ficiary at the point of service through a com-bination of the smart card and a personal iden-tification number known by or associated with such beneficiary. ‘‘(B) C
ARD READER TECHNOLOGY .—Informa- tion technology that enables a supplier and pro-vider to authenticate the identity of a Medicare beneficiary through presentation of such a smart card and such components, with such au-thentication to be reflected through the use of a modifier or in another appropriate manner, as determined by the Secretary, in the claims adju-dication process. ‘‘(3) P
ROGRAM DESIGN ELEMENTS .—The pilot program shall be conducted for a period of 3 years consistent with the following: ‘‘(A) S
ELECTION OF AREA .—In consultation with the Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services, the Secretary shall select at least 3 geographic areas in which the pilot program will operate. ‘‘(B) S
ELECTION OF SUPPLIER AND PROVIDER  
TYPES .—In consultation with the Inspector Gen-eral of the Department of Health and Human Services, the Secretary shall select supplier and provider types that will be required to partici-pate in the pilot program (referred to in this sec-tion as ‘participating suppliers and providers’). In selecting such supplier and provider types, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) take into account the risk of fraud, waste, and abuse (as described in section 1866(j)(2)(B)) with respect to the category of provider or sup-plier) and other factors as determined appro-priate by the Secretary; and ‘‘(ii) limit the pilot program to no more than 2,000 suppliers and providers. ‘‘(C) S
UPPLIER AND PROVIDER HARDSHIP EX -
EMPTIONS .—The Secretary shall exempt from participation in the pilot program a supplier or provider that either— ‘‘(i) does not have access to card reader tech-nology (as described in paragraph (2)(B)); ‘‘(ii) does not have sufficient internet access; or ‘‘(iii) has a low volume (as determined by the Secretary) of Medicare claims for which pay-ment is made under this title. ‘‘(D) S
MART CARD AND SMART CARD READER  
ISSUANCE .— ‘‘(i) B
ENEFICIARY SMART CARD ISSUANCE .—The Secretary shall provide for, at no cost, the issuance (and, if necessary, replacement) of ben-eficiary smart cards described in paragraph (2)(A) to all Medicare beneficiaries residing in a geographic area in which the pilot program is conducted under subparagraph (A). Information that appears on Medicare cards used outside the pilot program may appear on the face of the beneficiary smart card. ‘‘(ii) S
UPPLIER AND PROVIDER SMART CARD  
READER ISSUANCE .—At the request of a partici-pating supplier or provider, the Secretary shall provide for, at no cost, the issuance to such sup-plier or provider of smart card hardware and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.018 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8119 September 12, 2018 
software necessary to participate in the pilot program. ‘‘(E) I
NFORMATION ON OPERATION OF PILOT  
PROGRAM .—The Secretary shall provide partici-pating suppliers and providers and Medicare beneficiaries who are furnished items and serv-ices by such suppliers and providers, with infor-mation on the operation of the pilot program, including privacy protections described in sub-paragraph (I). ‘‘(F) A
CCESS TO SERVICES OUTSIDE THE PILOT  
PROGRAM .— ‘‘(i) B
ENEFICIARIES .—Medicare beneficiaries who receive beneficiary smart cards may receive items and services from suppliers and providers not participating in the pilot program. ‘‘(ii) S
UPPLIERS AND PROVIDER CLAIMS .— ‘‘(I) S
UPPLIERS AND PROVIDERS NOT PARTICI -
PATING IN PILOT .—Suppliers and providers not participating in the pilot program may submit claims under this title for items and services fur-nished without use of smart card technology to Medicare beneficiaries who receive beneficiary smart cards. ‘‘(II) P
ARTICIPATING SUPPLIERS AND PRO -
VIDERS FURNISHING SERVICES TO NON -PARTICI -
PATING BENEFICIARIES .—Supplier and providers participating in the pilot program may submit claims under this title for items and services fur-nished to Medicare beneficiaries who do not re-ceive beneficiary smart cards. ‘‘(G) C
LARIFICATION ON ACCESS TO SERVICES  
WITHOUT SMART CARDS .—In the case of a Medi-care beneficiary who receives a beneficiary smart card and does not present such card at the time of receipt of items or services from a participating supplier or provider, the partici-pating supplier or provider— ‘‘(i) shall furnish such items or services to such Medicare beneficiary as if such beneficiary does present such card; ‘‘(ii) may submit claims under this title for such items or services; and ‘‘(iii) shall provide, in accordance with such manner, process, and timing as specified by the Secretary, information to the Secretary (through the contractor described in subparagraph (H)) that such beneficiary received such a smart card but did not have the smart card at the time the items or services were furnished. ‘‘(H) P
RIVATE SECTOR IMPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary shall select, by using a competitive procurement process in accordance with the pro-visions of chapter 1 of title 48, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulations), a private sector contractor to implement and oper-ate the pilot program. ‘‘(I) P
RIVACY PROTECTIONS .—The Secretary shall ensure that the pilot program complies with applicable Federal laws and regulations concerning individually identifiable health in-formation, including the Privacy Act of 1974 and regulations promulgated under section 264(c) of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 and such individ-ually identifiable information shall be exempt from disclosure under section 552(b)(3) of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(J) M
ANDATORY PARTICIPATION .—Subject to subparagraph (C), in the case of items or serv-ices furnished by a provider or supplier included in a supplier or provider type selected under subparagraph (B) in a geographic area selected under subparagraph (A), payment may only be made under this title for such items or services during the period of the pilot program if the provider or supplier is participating in the pilot program. ‘‘(K) P
ROHIBITION OF SMART CARD FEES .—No transaction, utilization, or other fees may be im-posed on Medicare beneficiaries or participating suppliers and providers with respect to the use of smart cards under the pilot program. ‘‘(4) S
TAKEHOLDER INPUT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 6 months after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary shall convene a panel consisting of stakeholders (including representatives of providers, suppliers, technology vendors, Medi-care beneficiaries, and claims processing con-tractors) selected by the Secretary for purposes of providing input to the Secretary on the imple-mentation of the pilot program (including on the selection of areas and participants under sub-paragraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (3) and the development of exemptions and requirements described in such paragraph). ‘‘(B) NONAPPLICABILITY OF FACA .—The Fed- eral Advisory Committee Act shall not apply to the panel convened pursuant to subparagraph (A). ‘‘(5) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(A) The terms ‘supplier’ and ‘provider’ have the meanings given the terms ‘supplier’ and ‘provider of services’ in subsections (d) and (u), respectively, of section 1861. ‘‘(B) The term ‘Medicare beneficiary’ means an individual who is enrolled in the original Medicare fee-for-service program under parts A and B and is not enrolled in an MA plan under part C, an eligible organization under section 1876, or a PACE program under section 1894. ‘‘(b) R
EPORTS TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary shall submit to Congress the following reports: ‘‘(1) I
NTERIM PERFORMANCE REPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date the pilot pro-gram is implemented, an interim report on the performance of such program. ‘‘(2) F
INAL PERFORMANCE REPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of the completion of the pilot program, a final evaluation on the effectiveness of the pilot program. The report shall include the following: ‘‘(A) An evaluation of the effect of the pilot program on potential fraud under the insurance programs established under this title. ‘‘(B) A description of any barriers to imple-mentation of the pilot program. ‘‘(C) Participant feedback on the pilot pro-gram. ‘‘(D) Recommendations regarding the future use of smart cards to address fraud under this title. ‘‘(E) Data on the information provided under subsection (a)(3)(G)(iii).’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. A
BRAHAM ). Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
OSKAM ) and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. L
EVIN) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 6690, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, we have an opportunity to do something together on a bipar-tisan basis that can bring a level of confidence to a program that all of us cherish and all of us want to defend, and that is Medicare. Medicare is an in-credibly popular program. It is a nec-essary program, and it is a program that needs all of us to defend it, par-ticularly on the integrity side. If Medicare were to ask CMS today what their fraudulent or erroneous payment rate is, those two numbers to-gether, they would come back and they would tell them it is about 10 percent. So, in other words, about $40 billion a year, Mr. Speaker, is going out the door not to benefit seniors, but it is going out the door either fraudulently or erroneously. I thank Mr. BLUMENAUER from Or-egon because, together, we have been working on this concept which would apply the same type of technology that we see in so many other parts of the economy right now, and that is smart card technology, and use it in a Medi-care setting. The proposal is this: Let’s try it. Let’s see how it works. Let’s have a pilot program. Toward that end, what we are hoping and the expectation is that the same types of savings that we have seen in the private sector we will see in this sector to make sure that seniors are protected, not only the funds that sen-iors have come to rely on, but their identities and so forth. This is a concept, again, that Mr. B
LUMENAUER and I have worked on. I thank Chairman B
RADY for his work on this bill and the attention that this has gotten on a bipartisan basis. b1500 I think it is particularly interesting to note that AARP has weighed in very strongly in favor of it. Let me just read one quick snapshot from a letter that they sent to Mr. B
LUMENAUER and me at the end of August, and I will just give you a couple of sentences. ‘‘While the new cards are more secure than before, ‘smart cards’ could pro-vide even greater security, and have the potential to contain useful health information and facilitate care. If en-acted, this pilot program would also help Medicare learn more about the beneficiary engagement and education. This technology deserves to be tested and evaluated.’’ Mr. Speaker, in a nutshell, this is a proposal to create a pilot program. I urge its passage, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, September 7, 2018. Hon. G
REGWALDEN , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN WALDEN : I write to you re-garding several health bills the Committee on Ways and Means ordered favorably re-ported to the House. The following bills were also referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. I ask that the Committee on Energy and Commerce waive formal consideration of the following bills so that they may proceed ex-peditiously to the House Floor: H.R. 6662, Empowering Seniors’ Enrollment Decision Act of 2018; H.R. 6690, Fighting Fraud to Protect Care for Seniors Act of 2018; H.R. 6561, Comprehensive Care for Seniors Act of 2018; and H.R. 3635, Local Coverage Determination Clarification Act of 2018. I acknowledge that by waiving formal con-sideration of the bills, the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce is in no way waiving its jurisdiction over the subject matter con-tained in those provisions of the bills that fall within your Rule X jurisdiction. I would support your effort to seek appointment of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE7.009 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8120 September 12, 2018 
an appropriate number of conferees on any House-Senate conference involving this leg-islation. I will include a copy of our letters in the Congressional Record during consideration of this legislation on the House floor. Sincerely, K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , Washington, DC, September 7, 2018. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN BRADY : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 3635, Local Cov-erage Determination Clarification Act of 2018; H.R. 6561, Comprehensive Care for Sen-iors Act of 2018; H.R. 6662, Empowering Sen-iors’ Enrollment Decision Act of 2018; and H.R. 6690, Fighting Fraud to Protect Care for Seniors Act of 2018. The Committee on Energy and Commerce will forgo consideration of both bills so that they may proceed expeditiously to the House Floor. I appreciate your assurance that by for-going action on these bills, the Committee is in no way waiving its jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in the bills. I also appreciate your offer of support for the ap-pointment of conferees from the Committee to any House-Senate conference involving this legislation. Sincerely, G
REGWALDEN , Chairman. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this is the first of four bills that came out of the Ways and Means Committee. They came out without much controversy. The only one that really had any is this first bill. I am not sure we will have any speakers on our side. I will say a few words about this bill in a few minutes. I first want to talk a bit about bipar-tisanship. These four bills do have some bipartisanship. Unfortunately, what isn’t bipartisan is the basic dis-pute about healthcare and about the continuation of the reform that we on the Democratic side started some years ago with our President. It has turned out to be an important piece of legislation—I think historic— and the more people look at it and the more they are covered by it, the great-er the support for it. Unfortunately, unlike the bipartisan-ship in these four bills, ACA continues to be hit by the worst kind of partisan-ship and continued efforts to under-mine and destroy it. In October 2017, the administration ended cost-sharing reduction subsidies. That has led to premium increases of 20 to 25 percent across the Nation. In June of this year, the Trump adminis-tration expanded the reach of junk in-surance policies that have weakened the risk pool, and these policies are not subject to consumer protections. In July, we saw the impact of this firsthand in Michigan. The administra-tion announced another cut in so- called navigator organizations. They slashed the funding from $63 million just 2 years ago to $10 million. It had an impact throughout this country, and I saw firsthand what it meant in the State of Michigan. Essentially, the administration said we are going to cut and essentially eliminate help for outreach to people in terms of their knowing about the ACA and how, as millions of others have, they can obtain coverage. I think maybe most disturbing, last week, the Federal court heard argu-ments in Texas v. the United States. It is a lawsuit launched by Republicans that could jeopardize healthcare for 130 million patients living with preexisting conditions. The Republicans like to point to language that says that won’t happen. But essentially, I think they have their heads in the sand on this if the court were to rule in favor of the suit. I think, to the disgrace of the ad-ministration, they decided not to de-fend the government’s position. So we are here today with bipartisan bills, and it is really sad—indeed, worse than that. We haven’t had a single hearing on any of the issues I men-tioned. And the Republicans, while they come here and talk about biparti-sanship, which has been so essential until recent years when it comes to healthcare, they now essentially are engaging in very partisan efforts to un-dermine healthcare for millions and millions of people. So let me just say, Mr. Speaker, a brief word about this. Mr. R
OSKAM has been working on this for a long time, working with Mr. B
LUMENAUER , and I think the gentleman’s efforts to strive for some bipartisanship have been a positive. As I said at the beginning, of all four bills, this one had the most discussion in our committee and had some dis-agreement. The smart card idea has been examined by a number of entities, including the Government Account-ability Office. According to their 2016 report—and I have copies of their re-port of 2016, and there is also another report that relates to this—according to that, their estimate was that smart cards would help in only a minority of cases. In fact, of the 739 healthcare fraud cases that the GAO examined, only 18 would have been fully addressed had Medicare used these cards. That is only about 2 percent of the cases. Also, transition to smart cards is going to be significant, and the esti-mate is that it is going to cost about $40 million. As we discussed in the committee, some thought there might be a better use of this money. Be that as it may, this has been worked on, and Mr. R
OSKAM and Mr. B
LUMENAUER have combined forces to undertake this 3-year pilot program. So under those circumstances, wish-ing we had more bipartisanship on healthcare issues that run more deeply and affect the needs of people even more broadly, with that caveat, I do not suggest anything but support for this bill. Mr. Speaker, I have no further con-versation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Mr. LEVIN for his observations about this bill, that it is created in a spirit of bipartisanship, and I appre-ciate his support for it. I think it is interesting, just a little bit of a point of clarification, because we were able to discuss in the com-mittee the GAO report. There are two facets of it. There are two numbers, and those people who are tracking this closely will care about it. There is one 2 percent representation and then a 22 percent representation. Here is the story. The GAO said only 2 percent of cases that they evaluated would have been completely changed by this. I think if we were talking about any other thing in Medicare as it relates to 2 percent, we would be chas-ing it. Be that as it may, 2 percent would be completely changed. Twenty- two percent of the cases they evalu-ated, however, would be impacted in some way. So the bottom line here is that we have an opportunity to adopt tech-nology at a cost of about $40 million, we are told, to pursue $40 billion in fraud and error. That is good math any day of the week. Both sides of the aisle recognize it. Mr. Speaker, I urge its passage, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
OS-
KAM) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6690, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
EMPOWERING SENIORS’ ENROLL-MENT DECISION ACT OF 2018 Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6662) to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to extend the spe-cial election period under part C of the Medicare program for certain deemed individuals enrolled in a reasonable cost reimbursement contract to certain nondeemed individuals enrolled in such contract, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6662 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Empowering Seniors’ Enrollment Decision Act of 2018’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE7.012 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8121 September 12, 2018 
SEC. 2. EXTENDING THE SPECIAL ELECTION PE-RIOD UNDER PART C OF THE MEDI-CARE PROGRAM FOR CERTAIN DEEMED INDIVIDUALS ENROLLED IN A REASONABLE COST REIM-BURSEMENT CONTRACT TO ANY MA ELIGIBLE INDIVIDUAL ENROLLED IN SUCH A CONTRACT DURING THE FINAL YEAR SUCH A CONTRACT IS EXTENDED; EXTENDING CONVER-SIONS OF REASONABLE COST REIM-BURSEMENT CONTRACTS TO MA PLANS. 
(a) E XTENDING THE SPECIAL ELECTION PE-
RIOD UNDER PART C OF THE MEDICARE PRO-
GRAM FOR CERTAIN DEEMED INDIVIDUALS EN-
ROLLED IN A REASONABLE COSTREIMBURSE -
MENT CONTRACT TO ANYMA E LIGIBLE INDI-
VIDUAL ENROLLED IN SUCH A CONTRACT DUR-
ING THE FINAL YEARSUCH A CONTRACT ISEX-
TENDED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1851(e)(2)(F) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w– 21(e)(2)(F)) is amended— (A) in the header, by striking ‘‘
DEEMED  
ELECTIONS ’’ and inserting ‘‘ INDIVIDUALS EN -
ROLLED IN A REASONABLE COST REIMBURSE -
MENT CONTRACT ’’; and (B) by amending clause (i) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to a reason-able cost reimbursement contract under sec-tion 1876(h) that is not extended or renewed, an individual enrolled in the contract for the final year in which such contract is extended or renewed may, at any time during the pe-riod beginning after the last day of the an-nual, coordinated election period under para-graph (3) occurring during such final year and ending on the last day of February of the first plan year following such final year, change the election under subsection (a)(1) (including changing the MA plan or MA–PD plan in which the individual is enrolled) for such first plan year following such final year.’’. (2) C
LARIFICATION RELATING TO DEEMED IN -
DIVIDUALS ENROLLED IN A REASONABLE REIM -
BURSEMENT CONTRACT .—Section 1851(c)(4)(A) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w– 21(c)(4)(A)) is amended— (A) by amending clause (ii) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(ii) such previous plan year was the final year in which such contract was extended or renewed;’’; and (B) in clause (iii) by striking ‘‘subclause (III) of such section’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1876(h)(5)(C)(iv)(IV)’’. (b) E
XTENDING CONVERSIONS OF REASON -
ABLE COST REIMBURSEMENT CONTRACTS TO  MA P
LANS .—Section 1876(h)(5)(C) of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395mm(h)(5)(C)) is amended— (1) in clause (iv)— (A) in subclause (I), by striking the last sentence; (B) by redesignating subclauses (I) through (V) as subclauses (II) through (VI), respec-tively; (C) by inserting before subclause (II), as so redesignated, the following subclause: ‘‘(I) The final year in which such contract is extended or renewed is referred to in this subsection as the ‘last reasonable cost reim-bursement contract year for the contract’.’’; and (D) in subclause (V), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘subclause (III)’’ and inserting ‘‘subclause (IV)’’; and (2) in clause (v), by striking ‘‘that is ex-tended or renewed pursuant to clause (iv) provides the notice described in clause (iv)(III)’’ and inserting ‘‘that is not to be ex-tended or renewed provides the notice de-scribed in clause (iv)(IV)’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. P
AULSEN ) and the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. LEVIN) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 6662, currently under consider-ation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Minnesota? There was no objection. Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, our seniors deserve to have adequate time to choose the Medicare plan that best fits their healthcare needs. This is especially im-portant today for seniors who are cur-rently enrolled in a Medicare cost plan that will be impacted by a mandatory transition date starting on January 1 of next year. That is why I authored and intro-duced this legislation, H.R. 6662, the Empowering Seniors’ Enrollment Deci-sion Act, to ensure that cost plan en-rollees have extra enrollment time when choosing a Medicare plan later this fall. I want to thank my colleague, Con-gressman K
IND, for his work on this legislation, as well and his bipartisan support. It is recognized there are more than 630,000 cost plan enrollees nationwide. Approximately 400,000 of those enroll-ees are actually in my State in Min-nesota. Now some cost plan bene-ficiaries will be allowed to stay with their current cost plan, and others will be deemed, or automatically enrolled, later at the end of this year to a new Medicare Advantage plan. Nondeemed beneficiaries, however, will be forced to shop for new Medicare coverage. This bipartisan bill we have before us today extends and moves the special enrollment period for all cost plan en-rollees from December 8 until the end of February of next year, 2019. So the bill would essentially fix current law to allow cost plans to deem existing en-rollees into new Medicare Advantage plans in future years. H.R. 6662 pro-vides much-needed certainty for our seniors. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the committee and Congressman K
INDfor their work on partnering with this ef-fort, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this is a technical change, and it needed to be done. The special enrollment period did not ini-tially apply to nondeemed enrollees. So to address this concern, CMS has pro-mulgated regulations allowing non-deemed enrollees to participate in this special enrollment period. So what this bill does is to simply codify this regulation. So it is not clear that it is necessary to codify it, but, surely, there can be no harm. There is a need to take action, and, therefore, I support this bill. As I discussed earlier on this legisla-tion, there was bipartisan support. I wish that that kind of bipartisanship had been spread to issues that aren’t technical and issues that involve the lives and health of millions of people. That never has been forthcoming. The opposite has been true. This is an example of bipartisanship on this specific technical issue. Mr. Speaker, I urge support, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, just to remind our Members, I want to thank Mr. LEVIN for his comments on the bipartisan components of this bill as well. The bill does provide and ensure that there is certainty for our seniors who may need a little bit of extra time as they navigate their Medicare choices and they decide which choices and op-tions are best for them. This can be a cumbersome and confusing process. I want to thank, again, Representa-tive K
IND, my colleague, for his work on this bill. We look forward to having a strong bipartisan vote in the House as it moves forward. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. b1515 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. P
AULSEN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6662, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to extend the special election period under part C of the Medicare program for certain deemed individuals enrolled in a rea-sonable cost reimbursement contract to any Medicare Advantage eligible in-dividual enrolled in such a contract during the final year such contract is extended, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
COMPREHENSIVE CARE FOR SENIORS ACT OF 2018 Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6561) to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to final-ize certain proposed provisions relating to the Programs of All-Inclusive Care for the Elderly (PACE) under the Medi-care and Medicaid programs, as amend-ed. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6561 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE7.010 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8122 September 12, 2018 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Comprehen-sive Care for Seniors Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. DIRECTING THE SECRETARY OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES TO ISSUE A FINAL REGULATION BASED ON THE PROPOSED REGULATION RELATING TO THE PROGRAMS OF ALL-INCLU-SIVE CARE FOR THE ELDERLY (PACE) UNDER THE MEDICARE AND MEDICAID PROGRAMS. 
Not later than December 31, 2018, the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services shall issue a final regulation based on the provi-sions of the proposed regulation titled ‘‘Medicare and Medicaid Programs; Pro-grams of All-Inclusive Care for the Elderly (PACE)’’ (81 Fed. Reg. 54666). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. W
ALORSKI ) and the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. L
EVIN) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Indiana. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 6561, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Indiana? There was no objection. Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6561, the Comprehensive Care for Seniors Act of 2018. This bipartisan legislation would require the Secretary of HHS to finalize updated regulations for the Programs of All-Inclusive Care for the Elderly, commonly known as PACE, while still giving the Secretary the flexibility to make updates and changes to the proposed regulation. The PACE program is a proven model for delivering high-quality, comprehen-sive, community-based healthcare for seniors. It helps seniors whose health conditions would otherwise land them in a nursing home to remain in their homes for as long as possible by allow-ing them to see health professionals and social service providers at local PACE centers. There are currently 123 PACE organi-zations in 31 States that serve over 45,000 Medicare and Medicaid bene-ficiaries, enabling them to live safely in the community through the fully in-tegrated services and support provided. This allows beneficiaries to live longer, experience better health, and have fewer hospital visits. Seniors facing health challenges should have the op-tion to receive high-quality healthcare while continuing to live at home, and programs like St. Joseph PACE in Mishawaka, in my district, allow them to do just that. In 2016, CMS released a proposed rule to update the original guidelines from 2006. A bipartisan group of Members of Congress sent letters in November of 2017 and June of 2018 urging CMS to prioritize updating the existing regu-latory framework, which is more than a decade old. The agency has, unfortu-nately, not taken any action. This much-needed update would allow PACE programs to customize their interdisciplinary team around the needs of each enrollee, provide more services in the community, and give greater flexibility to partner with com-munity providers. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, my colleague from Indi-ana has described very well the purpose of this legislation. There are, I think, at least five sponsors of this legisla-tion, Democrats and Republicans, and it is another example of bipartisanship on a rather technical issue, technical in this sense. There was always a need for regula-tion, and CMS proposed, now, 2 years ago, a regulation updating the require-ments governing PACE. Unfortunately, under this present administration, CMS has not finalized these rules. What this bill essentially requires is that CMS finalize these regulations by December 31, 2018. Hopefully, that can occur before 2031. We sometimes do too much on De-cember 31 of a year. I have been here in session a few times on December 31, I think. Mr. Speaker, I support this bill and recommend its passage, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my col-leagues, Representatives J
ENKINS , BLU-
MENAUER , CHU, KIND, BILIRAKIS , DIN-
GELL , and C HRIS SMITH, for their hard work getting this bill to this point and their previous work on this issue. The PACE program is long overdue for an update. This bipartisan, com-monsense legislation will ensure im-provements are made quickly so more seniors can live in their communities longer. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleague to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. W
ALORSKI ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6561, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to direct the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services to issue a final regulation based on the proposed regulation relating to the Programs of All-Inclusive Care for the Elderly (PACE) under the Medicare and Medicaid programs.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. LOCAL COVERAGE DETERMINA-TION CLARIFICATION ACT OF 2018 Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3635) to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act in order to improve the process whereby medicare administrative contractors issue local coverage determinations under the Medicare program, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 3635 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Local Cov-erage Determination Clarification Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. IMPROVEMENTS IN THE MEDICARE LOCAL COVERAGE DETERMINATION (LCD) PROCESS FOR SPECIFIED LCDS. 
(a) D EVELOPMENT PROCESS FOR SPECIFIED  LCD
S.—Section 1862(l)(5)(D) of the Social Se-curity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395y(l)(5)(D)) is amend-ed to read as follows: ‘‘(D) P
ROCESS FOR ISSUING SPECIFIED LOCAL  
COVERAGE DETERMINATIONS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a specified local coverage determination (as defined in clause (iii)) within an area by a medicare ad-ministrative contractor, such medicare ad-ministrative contractor must take the fol-lowing actions with respect to such deter-mination before such determination may take effect: ‘‘(I) Publish on the public Internet website of the intermediary or carrier a proposed version of the specified local coverage deter-mination (in this subparagraph referred to as a ‘draft determination’), a written rationale for the draft determination, and a descrip-tion of all evidence relied upon and consid-ered by the intermediary or carrier in the de-velopment of the draft determination. ‘‘(II) Not later than 60 days after the date on which the intermediary or carrier pub-lishes the draft determination in accordance with subclause (I), convene one or more open, public meetings to review the draft de-termination, receive comments with respect to the draft determination, and secure the advice of an expert panel (such as a carrier advisory committee described in chapter 13 of the Medicare Program Integrity Manual in effect on August 31, 2015) with respect to the draft determination. The intermediary or carrier shall make available means for the public to attend such meetings remotely, such as via teleconference. ‘‘(III) With respect to each meeting con-vened pursuant to subclause (II), post on the public Internet website of the intermediary or carrier, not later than 14 days after such meeting is convened, a record of the minutes for such meeting, which may be a recording of the meeting. ‘‘(IV) Provide a period for submission of written public comment on such draft deter-mination that begins on the date on which all records required to be posted with respect to such draft determination under subclause (III) are so posted and that is not fewer than 30 days in duration. ‘‘(ii) F
INALIZING A SPECIFIED LOCAL COV -
ERAGE DETERMINATION .—A fiscal inter-mediary or carrier that has entered into a contract with the Secretary under section 1874A shall, with respect to a specified local coverage determination, post on the public Internet website of the fiscal intermediary or carrier the following information before 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE7.011 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8123 September 12, 2018 
the specified local coverage determination (in this subparagraph referred to as the ‘final determination’) takes effect— ‘‘(I) a response to the relevant issues raised at meetings convened pursuant to clause (i)(II) with respect to the draft determina-tion; ‘‘(II) the rationale for the final determina-tion; ‘‘(III) in the case that the intermediary or carrier considered qualifying evidence (as de-fined in clause (v)) that was not described in the written notice provided pursuant to clause (i)(I), a description of such qualifying evidence; and ‘‘(IV) an effective date for the final deter-mination that is not less than 30 days after the date on which such determination is so posted. ‘‘(iii) S
PECIFIED LOCAL COVERAGE DETER -
MINATION DEFINED .—For purposes of this sub-paragraph, the term ‘specified local coverage determination’ means, with respect to the relevant geographic area— ‘‘(I) a new local coverage determination; ‘‘(II) a revised local coverage determina-tion for such geographic area that restricts one or more existing terms of coverage for such area (such as by adding requirement to an existing local coverage determination that results in decreased coverage or by de-leting previously covered ICD–9 or ICD–10 codes (for reasons other than routine coding changes)); ‘‘(III) a revised local coverage determina-tion that makes a substantive revision to one or more existing local coverage deter-minations; or ‘‘(IV) any other local coverage determina-tion specified by the Secretary pursuant to regulations. ‘‘(iv) Q
UALIFYING EVIDENCE DEFINED .—For purposes of this subparagraph, the term ‘qualifying evidence’ means publicly avail-able evidence of general acceptance by the medical community, such as published origi-nal research in peer-reviewed medical jour-nals, systematic reviews and meta-analyses, evidence-based consensus statements, and clinical guidelines.’’. (b) LCD R
ECONSIDERATION PROCESS .—Sec- tion 1869(f) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ff(f)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)(A), by inserting ‘‘(in-cluding the reconsiderations described in paragraphs (8) and (9))’’ after ‘‘local coverage determination’’; (2) in paragraph (5), by inserting ‘‘(except for a reconsideration described in paragraphs (8) and (9))’’ after ‘‘the coverage determina-tion’’; (3) by redesignating paragraph (8) as para-graph (13); and (4) by inserting after paragraph (7) the fol-lowing new paragraphs: ‘‘(8) C
ARRIER OR FISCAL INTERMEDIARY RE -
CONSIDERATION PROCESS FOR SPECIFIED LOCAL  
COVERAGE DETERMINATIONS .—Upon the filing of a request by an interested party (as de-fined in paragraph (11)(B))with respect to a specified local coverage determination by a fiscal intermediary or carrier that has en-tered into a contract with the Secretary under section 1874A, the intermediary or car-rier shall reconsider such determination in accordance with the following process: ‘‘(A) Not later than 30 days after such a re-quest is filed with the fiscal intermediary or carrier by the interested party with respect to such determination, the intermediary or carrier shall— ‘‘(i) determine whether the request is an applicable request; and ‘‘(ii) in the case that the request is not an applicable request, inform the interested party of the reasons why such request is not an applicable request. ‘‘(B) In the case that the intermediary or carrier determines under subparagraph (A) that the request described in such subpara-graph is an applicable request, the inter-mediary or carrier shall, not later than 90 days after the date on which the request was filed with the intermediary or carrier, take the actions described in subparagraphs (C), (D), and (E) with respect to the determina-tion. ‘‘(C) The action described in this subpara-graph is the action of specifying whether any of the following statements is applicable to the determination: ‘‘(i) The determination did not reasonably consider qualifying evidence relevant to such determination. ‘‘(ii) The determination used language that exceeded the scope of the intended purpose of the determination. ‘‘(iii) The determination was incorrect in its determination of whether such item or service is reasonable and necessary for the diagnosis or treatment of illness or injury under section 1862(a)(1)(A). ‘‘(iv) The determination failed to describe, with respect to such an item or service, the clinical conditions to be used for purposes of determining whether such item or service is reasonable and necessary for the diagnosis or treatment of illness or injury under section 1862(a)(1)(A). ‘‘(v) The determination does not apply with respect to items or services to which it was intended to apply. ‘‘(vi) The determination is erroneous for another reason that the intermediary or car-rier identifies. ‘‘(D) The action described in this subpara-graph, with respect to the determination, is the action of taking, based on the specifica-tion under subparagraph (C) of whether any of the statements in such subparagraph ap-plied to such determination, one or more of the following actions: ‘‘(i) Making no change in the determina-tion. ‘‘(ii) Rescinding all or a part of the deter-mination. ‘‘(iii) Modifying the determination to re-strict the coverage provided under this title for an item or service that is subject to the determination. ‘‘(iv) Modifying the determination to ex-pand the coverage provided under this title for an item or service that is subject to the determination. ‘‘(E) The action described in this subpara-graph is the action of making publicly avail-able a written description of the action taken under subparagraph (D) with respect to the determination, including the evidence considered by the medicare administrative contractor. ‘‘(9) AGENCY REVIEW OF RECONSIDERATION  
DECISION .—The Secretary shall establish a process to review a medicare administrative contractor’s technical compliance with the requirements, including ensuring that the medicare administrative contractor inde-pendently reviewed the evidence involved, of the reconsideration under paragraph (8). ‘‘(10) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in paragraph (8) may be construed as affecting the right of an aggrieved party to file a com-plaint under paragraph (2)(A) and receive a determination in accordance with the provi-sions of such paragraph. An aggrieved prty is not required to file a request under para-graph (8) or (9) prior to filing a complaint under paragraph (2). ‘‘(11) D
EFINITIONS APPLICABLE TO PARA -
GRAPHS (8) AND (9) .—For purposes of para-graphs (8) and (9): ‘‘(A) The term ‘applicable request’ means a request that is submitted in fiscal year 2019 or a subsequent fiscal year, that is solely with respect to a specified local coverage de-termination, and that includes a description of the rationale for such request and any in-formation or evidence supporting such re-quest. For purposes of the preceding sen-tence, the Secretary may not require, as a condition of treating a request with respect to such a determination as an applicable re-quest, that the request contain qualifying evidence that was not considered in the de-velopment of such determination. ‘‘(B) The term ‘interested party’ means, with respect to a specified local coverage de-termination within an area by a fiscal inter-mediary or carrier that has entered into a contract with the Secretary under section 1874A, a beneficiary or stakeholder (includ-ing a medical professional society or physi-cian). ‘‘(C) The term ‘qualifying evidence’ has the meaning given such term by clause (iv) of section 1862(l)(5)(D). ‘‘(D) The term ‘specified local coverage de-termination’ has the meaning given such term by clause (iii) of such section. ‘‘(12) REPORT .—Not later than December 31 of each year (beginning with 2019), the Sec-retary shall submit to Congress a report con-taining the following: ‘‘(A) The number of requests filed with fis-cal intermediaries and carriers under para-graph (8), and the number of appeals filed with the Secretary under paragraph (9), dur-ing the 1-year period ending on such date. ‘‘(B) With respect to such requests filed with such intermediaries and carriers under paragraph (8) during such period, the number of times that intermediaries and carriers took, with respect to the actions described in subparagraphs (C) through (E) of such para-graph, each such action. ‘‘(C) With respect to such appeals filed with the Secretary under paragraph (9) dur-ing such period, the number of times that the Secretary took, with respect to the ac-tions described in subparagraph (D) of para-graph (8), each such action. ‘‘(D) Recommendations on ways to im-prove— ‘‘(i) the efficacy and the efficiency of the process described in paragraph (8); and ‘‘(ii) communication with individuals enti-tled to benefits under part A or enrolled under part B, providers of services, and sup-pliers regarding such process.’’. 
SEC. 3. PROMULGATION OF REGULATIONS; AP-PLICATION DATE. 
The Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices shall promulgate regulations to carry out paragraph (5)(D) of section 1862(l) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395y(l)), as amended by subsection (a), and paragraphs (8) and (9) of section 1869(f) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ff(f)), as inserted by subsection (b), in such a manner as to ensure that the proc-esses described in such paragraphs are fully implemented by January 1, 2020. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Kansas (Ms. J
ENKINS ) and the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. L
EVIN) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Kansas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 3635, currently under consider-ation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Kansas? There was no objection. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE7.013 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8124 September 12, 2018 
Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise in support of H.R. 3635, the Local Coverage Deter-mination Clarification Act. I intro-duced this legislation along with Con-gressman K
IND, which will help ensure the Medicare coverage decisions are made by qualified health experts through a transparent process that is based on sound medical evidence. Medicare administrative contractors, or MACs, play a critical role in ensur-ing that Medicare beneficiaries have access to needed care. However, the less-than-transparent process used by MACs to make coverage decisions can limit or deny patients’ access to nec-essary care. Specifically, the science that guides some of these decisions can be flawed, mischaracterized, or misapplied. The deliberations and decisions of the MACs, which should be based on med-ical science, are often conducted be-hind closed doors, with little oppor-tunity for interested stakeholders to raise issues or offer alternatives. These decisions affect millions of Medicare beneficiaries and impact crucial access to innovative technologies and serv-ices. The establishment of a clear process informed by health experts will make the local coverage determination, or LCD, process and the decisions devel-oped by that process more sound, more transparent, and ensure accountability among MACs. These requirements are necessary to ensure that our Nation’s seniors receive quality healthcare treatment. Specifically, H.R. 3635 would improve the LCD process by requiring that car-rier advisory committee meetings of the MAC are open, public, and on the record, with minutes taken and posted to the MAC’s website for public inspec-tion. The gravity of limiting or pre-cluding coverage for both beneficiaries and practitioners heightens the need for transparency, especially when such meetings are currently closed off. MACs would be required to include, at the outset of the coverage deter-mination process, a description of the evidence a MAC considered when draft-ing a local coverage determination as well as the rationale it relies on to deny coverage. Additionally, under current rules, local coverage determinations are es-sentially unreviewable once they be-come final. This legislation would cre-ate a process for stakeholders to re-quest additional review of a MAC’s local coverage decision from the Cen-ters for Medicare and Medicaid Serv-ices. It would also require the Secretary to submit a report to Congress regard-ing the number of requests filed with fiscal intermediaries and carriers and the number of appeals filed with the Secretary, as well as the actions in re-sponse. Additionally, the report would recommend ways to improve the use-fulness and efficiency of the process as well as the communication with Medi-care beneficiaries and providers. While I am pleased that the legisla-tion we have here today takes steps to improve the process and bring trans-parency to protect access for Medicare patients, we must continue to work to ensure that MACs independently evalu-ate the evidence of other MACs’ cov-erage decisions. Local coverage deter-minations should be thoroughly evalu-ated by experts in each local jurisdic-tion. Currently, loopholes in the process allow contractors to adopt another MAC’s coverage determination without the necessary scientific rigor and meaningful engagement with stake-holders that is vital in forming the most appropriate policy. Due to re-gional, geographic, and population- based deficiencies, these carbon-copied LCDs may not reflect the specific geo-graphic region they are intended to serve. Local coverage determinations should be just that—local. Put simply, what works best for one location does not always work best for another location. Applying local cov-erage determinations across jurisdic-tions has the practical effect of estab-lishing national coverage policies with-out having followed the more rigorous national coverage determination proc-ess. As such, I look forward to working with my colleagues on this issue, mov-ing forward. Medicare beneficiaries deserve trans-parency and accountability for these decisions that directly impact their ac-cess to care. These reforms are nec-essary to ensure that local coverage de-terminations do not impede a physi-cian’s medical judgment and deny pa-tients access to medically necessary care. By changing the LCD process, Congress can ensure that medical and scientific evidence is not used selec-tively to deny appropriate coverage to seniors. I want to thank Mr. K
IND, who joined me in introducing this legislation. I want to ask my colleagues for their bipartisan support of this bill as we work to improve access and care for every American. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, my colleague has well described the purpose of this legisla-tion. As she indicated, the bill estab-lishes a timeline through which MACs must publish proposed LCDs online. She described what they are so the public can be sure what MACs and LCDs are. It would further require public meet-ings to review draft determinations and ensure expert input is being sought on all proposals. The bill also provides that stake-holders and beneficiaries, as she men-tioned, may request reconsideration of LCDs and that MACs must respond to these requests. These are small but useful improve-ments to the local coverage determina-tion process. It will help improve transparency and ensure that appro-priate coverage determinations are made for Medicare beneficiaries. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to indicate support for this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I am proud to stand here today in support of this commonsense legislation that creates transparency and accountability to the local coverage determinations process and will help ensure that Medicare pa-tients receive the medical care they need. Mr. Speaker, I hope everyone will join me in voting for this legislation on the House floor today as we work to improve access and care for every American, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Kansas (Ms. JENKINS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3635, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
b1530 STATE INSURANCE REGULATION PRESERVATION ACT Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5059) to amend the Home Owners’ Loan Act with respect to the registra-tion and supervision of insurance sav-ings and loan holding companies, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5059 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘State Insur-ance Regulation Preservation Act’’. 
SEC. 2. SUPERVISION OF INSURANCE SAVINGS AND LOAN HOLDING COMPANIES. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 10(a)(1) of the Home Owners’ Loan Act (12 U.S.C. 1467a(a)(1)) is amended by inserting at the end the following: ‘‘(K) D
OMICILE .—The term ‘domicile’ means the State in which an insurance under-writing company or the holding company for such company is incorporated, chartered, or organized. ‘‘(L) B
USINESS OF INSURANCE .—The term ‘business of insurance’ means any activity that is regulated in accordance with the rel-evant State insurance laws and regulations, including the writing of insurance and the reinsuring of risks. ‘‘(M) I
NSURANCE SAVINGS AND LOAN HOLDING  
COMPANY .—The term ‘insurance savings and loan holding company’ means— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.029 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8125 September 12, 2018 
‘‘(i) a savings and loan holding company with 75 percent or more of its total consoli-dated assets in an insurance underwriting company (or insurance underwriting compa-nies), other than assets associated with in-surance for credit risk, during the 4 most re-cent consecutive quarters, as calculated in accordance with Generally Accepted Ac-counting Principles or the Statutory Ac-counting Principles in accordance with State law; ‘‘(ii) a company that— ‘‘(I) was a savings and loan holding com-pany as of July 21, 2010, and through date of enactment of this clause; and ‘‘(II) was not subject to the Basel III cap-ital regulation promulgated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Comptroller of the Currency on Oc-tober 11, 2013 (78 Fed. Reg. 62018), because the savings and loan holding company held 25 percent or more of its total consolidated as-sets in subsidiaries that are insurance under-writing companies (other than assets associ-ated with insurance for credit risk); or ‘‘(iii) a top-tier savings and loan holding company that— ‘‘(I) was registered as a savings and loan holding company before July 21, 2010; and ‘‘(II) is a New York not-for-profit corpora-tion formed for the purpose of holding the stock of a New York insurance company. ‘‘(N) I
NSURANCE UNDERWRITING COMPANY .— The term ‘insurance underwriting company’ means an insurer that is subject to regula-tion by a State insurance authority of the insurer’s domicile. ‘‘(O) S
TATE INSURANCE AUTHORITY .—The term ‘State insurance authority’ means the State insurance authority of the State in which an insurance underwriting company or holding company for such company is domi-ciled. ‘‘(P) T
OP-TIER SAVINGS AND LOAN HOLDING  
COMPANY .—The term ‘top-tier savings and loan holding company’ means the ultimate parent company in a savings and loan hold-ing company structure.’’. (b) R
EGISTRATION .—Section 10(b)(1) of the Home Owners’ Loan Act (12 U.S.C. 1467a(b)(1)) is amended by inserting at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘A savings and loan holding company that is an insurance savings and loan holding company shall register as an insurance sav-ings and loan holding company.’’. (c) R
EPORTS .—Section 10(b)(2) of the Home Owners’ Loan Act (12 U.S.C. 1467a(b)(2)) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) I
NSURANCE SAVINGS AND LOAN HOLDING  
COMPANIES .—The Board, to the fullest extent possible, shall request reports and other in-formation filed by insurance savings and loan holding companies and any insurance underwriting company that is a subsidiary of such company with other Federal authorities and the State insurance authority for such company before requesting such reports or information from the insurance savings and loan holding company or any insurance un-derwriting company that is a subsidiary of such company. ‘‘(E) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed as prohibiting the Board from requesting reports and other information that is not otherwise collected and shared with other Federal or State au-thorities.’’. (d) B
OOKS AND RECORDS .—Section 10(b)(3) of the Home Owners’ Loan Act (12 U.S.C. 1467a(b)(3)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Each’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each’’; and (2) by inserting at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) INSURANCE SAVINGS AND LOAN HOLDING  
COMPANIES .—The Board, to the fullest extent possible, shall align any prescribed record-keeping requirements for an insurance sav-ings and loan holding company with the rec-ordkeeping requirements imposed by the State insurance authority of such company and any insurance underwriting company that is a subsidiary of such company.’’. (e) E
XAMINATIONS .—Section 10(b)(4)(C) of the Home Owners’ Loan Act (12 U.S.C.1467a(b)(4)(C)) is amended— (1) in clause (i), by striking the word ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in clause (ii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(iii) I
NSURANCE SAVINGS AND LOAN HOLDING  
COMPANIES .— ‘‘(I) C
OORDINATION .—The Board, to the full-est extent possible, shall coordinate exami-nations of an insurance savings and loan holding company in conjunction with the State insurance authority of such company and any insurance underwriting company that is a subsidiary of such company and other State and Federal authorities in order to minimize the potential for duplication and conflict between the examinations con-ducted by the Board and the examinations conducted by other State and Federal au-thorities. ‘‘(II) S
COPE AND FREQUENCY .—Following public notice and comment, the Board shall establish a schedule for the frequency and the scope of examinations of insurance sav-ings and loan holding companies that is con-sistent with the supervisory framework re-quired by paragraph (7).’’. (f) S
UPERVISION .—Section 10(b) of the Home Owners’ Loan Act (12 U.S.C. 1467a(b)) is amended by inserting at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(7) I
NSURANCE SAVINGS AND LOAN HOLDING  
COMPANIES .— ‘‘(A) T
AILORED SUPERVISION .—The Board, by rule, shall establish a supervisory frame-work for insurance savings and loan holding companies that— ‘‘(i) is tailored to the unique risks, oper-ations, and activities of insurance savings and loan holding companies; and ‘‘(ii) to the fullest extent possible, and con-sistent with the safe and sound operation of insurance savings and loan holding compa-nies, does not unnecessarily duplicate the su-pervision of insurance underwriting compa-nies by the State insurance authorities for such companies or insurance underwriting companies that are subsidiaries of such com-panies. ‘‘(B) R
EVIEW OF SUPERVISORY GUIDANCE .— Following public notice and comment, the Board shall review and revise supervisory policy letters and guidance applicable to in-surance savings and loan holding companies to ensure that such letters and guidance are not inconsistent with the supervisory frame-work required by this paragraph.’’. 
SEC. 3. ASSESSMENTS AND FEES FOR INSURANCE SAVINGS AND LOAN HOLDING COM-PANIES. 
Section 11(s) of the Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 248(s)), which relates to assessments and fees, is amended by inserting at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) E
XCLUDED ASSETS .—For purposes of paragraph (2)(B), the total consolidated as-sets of an insurance savings and loan holding company, as defined in section 10(a)(1)(L) of the Home Owners’ Loan Act (12 U.S.C. 1467a(a)(1)(L)), shall not include assets at-tributable to the business of insurance con-ducted by such company or any affiliate of such company, other than assets associated with insurance for credit risk.’’. SEC. 4. IMPLEMENTATION. 
(a) I MPLEMENTATION OF SUPERVISORY  F
RAMEWORK .—The Board shall establish the supervisory framework required by section 10(b)(7) of the Home Owners’ Loan Act (12 U.S.C. 1467a(b)(7)), as added by this Act, within 24 months of the date of enactment of this Act. (b) R
EVIEW OF SUPERVISORY GUIDANCE .— The Board shall complete the review of su-pervisory policy letters and policy guidance required by section 10(b)(7) of the Home Own-ers’ Loan Act (12 U.S.C. 1467a(b)(7)), as added by this Act, within 30 months of the date of enactment of this Act. (c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The Board, no later than 36 months after the date of enact-ment of this Act, shall submit a report to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives on the implementation of this Act. (d) B
OARD DEFINED .—As used in this sec-tion, the term ‘‘Board’’ means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 
SEC. 5. RELATIONSHIP TO OTHER LAWS. 
This Act and the amendments made by this Act shall not limit any authority over insurance savings and loan holding compa-nies (as defined under section 10(a)(1) of the Home Owners’ Loan Act) that is provided by a Federal law other than the Home Owners’ Loan Act. 
SEC. 6. RULEMAKING AUTHORITY. 
The Board may issue regulations and or-ders as may be necessary to— (1) administer and carry out this Act and the amendments made by this Act; and (2) prevent evasions of this Act and the amendments made by this Act. 
SEC. 7. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this Act or the amendments made by this Act may be construed to affect the authority of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System over any sub-sidiary of an insurance savings and loan holding company that is not an insurance underwriting company (as such terms are de-fined, respectively, under section 10(a)(1) of the Home Owners’ Loan Act). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. S
IMPSON ). Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ) and the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. B
EATTY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5059, the State Insurance Regulation Preservation Act. I want to thank Chairman H
ENSARLING and Ranking Member W
ATERS for their support for this bill. I also want to commend my colleague, Representative J
OYCE  B
EATTY from Ohio, for her leadership on this issue. It has been a pleasure working with Representative B
EATTY , the ranking member’s staff, and the Federal Reserve to ensure that this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE7.015 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8126 September 12, 2018 
legislation is balanced, effective, and bipartisan. This bill is a good example of how so-lutions-minded Members from both sides of the aisle can come together to address a clear problem. H.R. 5059 is a commonsense, right-regulation bill that calls on the Federal Reserve to tailor the supervision of insurance-fo-cused savings and loan holding compa-nies. As many of you know, Dodd-Frank brought savings and loan holding com-panies under the Federal Reserve’s su-pervision for the first time. Despite the fact that Dodd-Frank also reaffirmed a State-based model of insurance regula-tion, a principle that we all support, the law had the effect of also bringing insurance savings and loan holding companies, or ISLHCs, under the Fed’s purview. These are firms that are overwhelm-ingly engaged in the business of insur-ance but also happen to own thrift sub-sidiaries. These insurance companies are simultaneously regulated by the Fed and the States. The lack of clarity regarding how Fed supervision of these insurers should complement rather than supplant State regulation has led to regulatory inefficiency, duplication of effort, and higher compliance costs. Bank-centric Fed supervision has also been a poor fit for companies that are primarily in the insurance business and has not been consistent with the actual risks posed by ISLHCs. All of this cost and complexity eventually impact consumers through higher prices and reduced access to services. I should also point out that the bur-den of duplicative supervision has en-couraged a significant number of these insurance companies to get rid of their thrift subsidiaries. Today, fewer than half of the insurance savings and loan holding companies that existed when Dodd-Frank was enacted continue to operate under the same model. H.R. 5059 streamlines regulators’ ap-proach to ISLHCs by enacting the fol-lowing reforms. If an ISLHC has filed a report with another Federal or State regulator, the Fed will be required to request that re-port from that regulator first before re-questing the information from the company. This prevents compliance staff from being required to respond to duplicative information requests. H.R. 5059 also requires the Fed to align recordkeeping requirements with those imposed by State insurance au-thorities to avoid duplication. The bill also requires that Fed ex-aminations be coordinated, to the full-est extent possible, with State and Federal authorities. Again, this will help to reduce unnecessary duplication and conflict. The bill further requires the Fed to craft a supervisory framework that ap-propriately tailors the supervision of ISLHCs. It then requires a review of ex-isting supervisory guidance to ensure that it is consistent with the new framework. All of these reforms will provide greater regulatory clarity and effi-ciency, and reduce unnecessary compli-ance burden. In doing so, we can ensure that these companies can continue to serve their customers without sacri-ficing the safety and soundness of our financial system. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5059, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 5059, the State Insurance Regulation Preserva-tion Act. H.R. 5059 is a bipartisan piece of legislation that seeks to ensure that Federal regulation over the insurance industry is not unnecessarily duplica-tive or overly burdensome. Mr. Speaker, I would like to start by thanking my colleague from the other side of the aisle, Mr. R
OTHFUS , for working on this bill with me, as well as the chairman of our committee, Con-gressman H
ENSARLING , and Ranking Member W
ATERS for understanding the issue we are trying to solve and lending their support. This bill came a long way from when it was introduced earlier this year, and it reflects input from members of the Financial Services Committee, indus-try stakeholders, and Federal regu-lators. This bill simply seeks to right- size regulation placed on insurance savings and loan holding companies compared to the risk they pose to fi-nancial stability. Insurance savings and loan holding companies are insurance companies that own their own bank. In most in-stances, these types of banks represent a small percentage of their insurance parent company’s overall bottom line, but due to the ownership by the com-pany, they are subject to Federal regu-lation by the Federal Reserve and the Office of the Comptroller of the Cur-rency. When we held a legislative hearing on this bill in March, one of the witnesses testified that, while their insurance company’s bank assets made up only 0.2 percent of the company’s total as-sets, the regulation by the Federal Re-serve consumed 25 percent of the com-pany’s compliance costs, ultimately forcing the company to close their bank. This is but one example, Mr. Speak-er, of the uneven regulation these com-panies are facing. This costly and out- of-sync duplicative regulation of these insurance savings and loan holding companies is not working as effectively as it should, and this bill seeks to har-monize some of these duplications. There is no reason why a smaller in-surance company, like Ohio-based Westfield Insurance, should face more regulation than some of the largest in-surance companies in the country due to the fact that they simply own a small bank, or why a company like Na-tionwide Insurance, a company based in my district, the Third Congressional District of Ohio, which has $236 billion in assets and a $7 billion bank, should be treated by the Federal Reserve like a $243 billion bank holding company. This is not fair. The regulation of the business of insurance is different from the regulation of banks, and the Fed-eral Reserve’s supervisory framework must reflect, I believe, this important difference. The Federal Reserve has historically never regulated insurance until re-cently, within the past 10 years, Mr. Speaker, when Congress transferred the regulatory authority over these companies to the Feds. By contrast, our State insurance regulators have regulated this country’s insurance sys-tem for nearly 150 years. While the Federal Reserve has said that they are looking to tailor some of their regulations, there is little evi-dence to support those assertions, and time is simply running out. Since we transferred this authority to the Fed-eral Reserve in 2010, nearly two-thirds of existing insurance savings and loan holding companies have closed their banks. We need better coordination and co-operation between our State insurance regulators and Federal regulators to ensure our insurance regulatory regime is not unnecessarily duplicative or overly burdensome. This bill will seek to accomplish both of these things. Talk about a win-win, Mr. Speaker. I believe this is it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Mis-souri (Mr. L
UETKEMEYER ), the chair-man of the House Financial Institu-tions and Consumer Credit Sub-committee. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ), who is vice chair of the House Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit Subcommittee, and the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. B
EATTY ) for their work on this legisla-tion. For years, the Federal Government has slowly expanded its jurisdiction in a number of areas. From healthcare to education, the Federal Government’s presence has grown larger and larger. This bill attempts to restore regu-latory balance and ensure that the proper authority—in this instance, the State insurance commissioners—can continue to do the job they have done well for more than 100 years. In a pre-Dodd-Frank world, there were more than 30 insurance savings and loan holding companies that owned insurance depository institutions. Fed-eral Reserve supervision of these insti-tutions has driven insurance companies to close their banks. That list includes Shelter Insurance, headquartered just outside my district in Columbia, Mis-souri. In the wake of Dodd-Frank and the dawn of Federal Reserve supervision, Shelter executives said it was simply no longer cost-effective to run a bank. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.033 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8127 September 12, 2018 
This was a profitable, well-run bank that served people in the communities I represent that was put out of business by the Federal Government. Mr. R
OTHFUS and Mrs. B EATTY have introduced legislation that would man-date more tailored supervision of insur-ance holding companies subject to Fed-eral Reserve oversight. The legislation will require the Fed to streamline ex-amination procedures and better co-ordinate with State insurance regu-lators. To be clear, the legislation does not, Mr. Speaker—and I say again, does not—end Federal Reserve supervision. It merely directs the Fed to better co-ordinate with the States and develop standards that are more suitable for in-surers, something Congress has asked them to do for years. The gentleman from Pennsylvania and the gentlewoman from Ohio worked together and with the Federal Reserve, both before and after the markup, to address various concerns. They are both to be commended for their efforts to work across the aisle and with the regulators. H.R. 5059 is a commonsense solution to Federal overreach and a step toward reduction of bureaucratic redundancy. The bill has received tremendous sup-port, so much that it was agreed to by a voice vote in the Financial Services Committee on July 24. Mr. Speaker, I again want to thank Mr. R
OTHFUS and Mrs. B EATTY for their ongoing leadership and ask my col-leagues to join me in supporting H.R. 5059. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, in clos-ing, I would simply like to say, again, thank you to my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, and I want to thank all the members who helped us get this bill to this point and reiterate that this bill does not—does not—re-move insurance savings and loan com-panies from Federal regulation. Insurance savings and loan holding companies will still be regulated by several Federal Government agencies, including the Federal Reserve. This bill simply seeks to require the Federal Reserve to tailor their bank-centric regulations to the business of insur-ance and to coordinate supervision and examination of these companies with their State counterparts to avoid un-necessary, duplicative, and overly bur-densome regulation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative B
EATTY for working to-gether on this very particular piece of legislation. Again, this is a right-sized regulation that enjoys strong bipartisan support and sets forth the appropriate frame-work for regulating insurance savings and loan holding companies in this area. Mr. Speaker, I request that my col-leagues vote ‘‘yes’’ on this legislation, H.R. 5059, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5059, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
FINCEN IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2018 Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6411) to amend the duties of the Financial Crimes Enforcement Net-work (FinCEN) to ensure FinCEN works with Tribal law enforcement agencies, protects against all forms of terrorism, and focuses on virtual cur-rencies. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6411 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘FinCEN Im-provement Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
The Congress finds the following: (1) The mission of the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN) is to safe-guard the financial system from illicit use and combat money laundering and promote national security through the collection, analysis, and dissemination of financial in-telligence and strategic use of financial au-thorities. (2) In its mission to safeguard the financial system from the abuses of financial crime, including terrorist financing, money laun-dering and other illicit activity, the United States should prioritize working with part-ners in Federal, State, local, Tribal, and for-eign law enforcement authorities. (3) The Federal Bureau of Investigation has stated that since the terror attacks on Sep-tember 11, 2001, ‘‘The threat landscape has expanded considerably, though it is impor-tant to note that the more traditional threat posed by al Qaeda and its affiliates is still present and active. The threat of domestic terrorism also remains persistent overall, with actors crossing the line from First Amendment protected rights to committing crimes to further their political agenda.’’. (4) Although the use and trading of virtual currencies are legal practices, some terror-ists and criminals, including international criminal organizations, seek to exploit vulnerabilities in the global financial system and are increasingly using emerging pay-ment methods such as virtual currencies to move illicit funds. (5) In carrying out its mission, FinCEN should prioritize all forms of terrorism and emerging methods of terrorism and illicit fi-nance. 
SEC. 3. STRENGTHENING FINCEN. 
Section 310 of title 31, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (C)— (A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘appropriate Federal, State, local, and foreign law en-forcement agencies’’ and inserting ‘‘appro-priate Federal, State, local, Tribal, and for-eign law enforcement agencies’’; and (B) in clause (vi), by striking ‘‘to protect against international terrorism’’ and insert-ing ‘‘to protect against terrorism’’; (2) in paragraph (E), by striking ‘‘appro-priate Federal, State, local, and foreign law enforcement authorities’’ and inserting ‘‘ap-propriate Federal, State, local, Tribal, and foreign law enforcement authorities’’; (3) in paragraph (F), by striking ‘‘Federal, State, local, and foreign law enforcement’’ and inserting ‘‘Federal, State, local, Tribal, and foreign law enforcement’’; and (4) in paragraph (H), by striking ‘‘anti-ter-rorism and anti-money laundering initia-tives, and similar efforts’’ and inserting ‘‘anti-terrorism and anti-money laundering initiatives, including matters involving emerging technologies or value that sub-stitutes for currency, and similar efforts’’. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ) and the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
ERL-
MUTTER ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. b1545 Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the FinCEN Improve-ment Act was introduced by Represent-ative E
DPERLMUTTER , the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Ter-rorism and Illicit Finance, and cospon-sored by Representative S
TEVE PEARCE , the chairman of this subcommittee. This would add Tribal law enforce-ment agencies to those partners with which the Financial Crimes Enforce-ment Network already works, which includes Federal, State, local, and for-eign law enforcement agencies. The bill would clarify that FinCEN should protect against all forms of ter-rorism. FinCEN currently supports law enforcement on domestic issues, not just international, and this legislation would clarify that current practice. This bill would add an emphasis on emerging technologies or value that substitutes for currency in order to ad-dress the growing exploitation of dig-ital currencies to move illicit funds. The financial technology, virtual currency, and electronic payments landscape is rapidly evolving to include means of storing and transferring value that didn’t exist when previous laws and regulations were written. This bill emphasizes that FinCEN ought to prioritize cryptocurrencies to ensure that criminals and terrorists cannot use these technologies to carry out il-licit financial activities. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I thank my friend, Mr. R
OTHFUS , for bringing this bill up today. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.034 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8128 September 12, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in favor of legisla-tion I introduced with my colleague from New Mexico, S
TEVE PEARCE . H.R. 6411, the FinCEN Improvement Act, is a straightforward bill which will mod-ernize the Financial Crimes Enforce-ment Network, otherwise known as FinCEN. The mission of FinCEN is to safe-guard the financial system from crimes or illicit use, combat money laun-dering, and promote national security through the collection, analysis, and dissemination of financial information and intelligence. In order to accomplish its mission, FinCEN needs to partner with all avail-able law enforcement agencies to gath-er and share data needed to safeguard the financial system from the abuses of financial crime, including terrorist fi-nancing. This legislation builds upon the existing relationships with part-ners in foreign, Federal, State, and local law enforcement officials by en-suring FinCEN has the authority to work with Tribal law enforcement across the country. Additionally, FinCEN’s current au-thorizing statute is limited to com-bating international terrorism, which leaves out domestic terrorist activi-ties, which is just as important to pro-tecting our neighborhoods and commu-nities. This legislation fixes that over-sight. Lastly, this legislation ensures FinCEN is focusing on emerging meth-ods of financing illicit activity, includ-ing cryptocurrencies. As the ranking Democrat on the Terrorism and Illicit Finance Subcommittee, along with Chairman P
EARCE , we have held nu-merous hearings and meetings dis-cussing these new technologies. While they often have tremendous benefit to consumers in connecting the world, the reality is bad actors can benefit from this new technology by shielding their identities or the identities of those they work with. We need to work to understand this potential threat and find new ways to combat it. This bipartisan piece of legislation is an important step in modernizing FinCEN to ensure our law enforcement and intelligence communities work to-gether to detect and stop criminals and terrorist networks. I want to thank my colleague, Mr. R
OTHFUS , and certainly subcommittee Chairman S
TEVE PEARCE  for working with me on this legisla-tion. I would also like to thank the chairman and ranking member of the full committee for their support, and lastly, I thank Katy Strohmaier on the Democratic staff for working with my office to help us draft this legislation. With that, I urge all my colleagues to support this legislation. I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote on H.R. 6411, the FinCEN Improvement Act. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, again, I thank my colleague, Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , for his diligent work on this very prac-tical, bipartisan bill. I urge my col-leagues to support its adoption. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6411. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT A message in writing from the Presi-dent of the United States was commu-nicated to the House by Ms. Mariel Ridgway, one of his secretaries. 
f 
LITTLE SHELL TRIBE OF CHIP-PEWA INDIANS RESTORATION ACT OF 2018 Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3764) to extend the Federal recognition to the Little Shell Tribe of Chippewa Indians of Montana, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3764 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Little Shell Tribe of Chippewa Indians Restoration Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) M
EMBER .—The term ‘‘member’’ means an individual who is enrolled in the Tribe pursuant to section 6. (2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (3) T
RIBE.—The term ‘‘Tribe’’ means the Little Shell Tribe of Chippewa Indians of Montana. 
SEC. 3. FEDERAL RECOGNITION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Federal recognition is ex-tended to the Tribe. (b) E
FFECT OF FEDERAL LAWS.—Except as oth-erwise provided in this Act, all Federal laws (in-cluding regulations) of general application to Indians and Indian tribes, including the Act of June 18, 1934 (25 U.S.C. 5101 et seq.) (commonly known as the ‘‘Indian Reorganization Act’’), shall apply to the Tribe and members. 
SEC. 4. FEDERAL SERVICES AND BENEFITS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, the Tribe and each mem-ber shall be eligible for all services and benefits provided by the United States to Indians and federally recognized Indian tribes, without re-gard to— (1) the existence of a reservation for the Tribe; or (2) the location of the residence of any mem-ber on or near an Indian reservation. (b) S
ERVICE AREA.—For purposes of the deliv-ery of services and benefits to members, the serv-ice area of the Tribe shall be considered to be the area comprised of Blaine, Cascade, Glacier, and Hill Counties in the State of Montana. 
SEC. 5. REAFFIRMATION OF RIGHTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Nothing in this Act dimin-ishes any right or privilege of the Tribe or any member that existed before the date of enact-ment of this Act. (b) CLAIMS OF TRIBE.—Except as otherwise provided in this Act, nothing in this Act alters or affects any legal or equitable claim of the Tribe to enforce any right or privilege reserved by, or granted to, the Tribe that was wrongfully denied to, or taken from, the Tribe before the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 6. MEMBERSHIP ROLL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—As a condition of receiving recognition, services, and benefits pursuant to this Act, the Tribe shall submit to the Secretary, by not later than 18 months after the date of en-actment of this Act, a membership roll consisting of the name of each individual enrolled as a member of the Tribe. (b) D
ETERMINATION OF MEMBERSHIP .—The qualifications for inclusion on the membership roll of the Tribe shall be determined in accord-ance with sections 1 through 3 of article 5 of the constitution of the Tribe dated September 10, 1977 (including amendments to the constitution). (c) M
AINTENANCE OF ROLL.—The Tribe shall maintain the membership roll under this section. 
SEC. 7. ACQUISITION OF LAND. 
(a) H OMELAND .—The Secretary shall acquire, for the benefit of the Tribe, trust title to 200 acres of land within the service area of the Tribe to be used for a tribal land base. (b) A
DDITIONAL LAND.—The Secretary may ac-quire additional land for the benefit of the Tribe pursuant to section 5 of the Act of June 18, 1934 (25 U.S.C. 5108) (commonly known as the ‘‘In-dian Reorganization Act’’). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Montana (Mr. G
IANFORTE ) and the gen-tlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. T
SONGAS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Montana. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous materials on the bill under con-sideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Montana? There was no objection. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of my bill, H.R. 3764, the Little Shell Tribe of Chippewa Indians Res-toration Act. As the only Member from Montana in the House of Representa-tives, I am proud to sponsor a bill which would extend Federal recogni-tion to the Little Shell Tribe of Chip-pewa Indians of Montana. With Federal recognition, the Little Shell Tribe and its members would be-come eligible for all services and bene-fits provided by the Federal Govern-ment to federally recognized Tribes. The Tribe, as a condition of receiving Federal recognition, services, and ben-efits, must submit to the Secretary of the Interior a membership roll con-sisting of the name of each individual member of the Tribe and must main-tain such membership roll. The act directs the Secretary of the Interior to acquire, for the benefit of the Tribe, trust title to 200 acres of land within the Tribe’s service area to be used for a Tribal land base. I appreciate the work of Chairman Gray and the Little Shell people for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.037 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8129 September 12, 2018 
continuing this fight for recognition. I urge adoption of the measure. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, Federal recognition of Native American Tribes is critical to protecting their Tribal sovereignty and restoring the Tribe’s ability to control its land, its water, and its resources, as well as the ability to govern and to protect the health, safety, and welfare of its members. Introduced by Representative G
IANFORTE , H.R. 3764 will extend Fed-eral recognition to the Little Shell Tribe of Chippewa Indians of Montana. The Little Shell Tribe has resided in Montana for well over a century and has long been recognized as a Tribe by the State. The Tribe is a political successor to the signatories of the Pembina Treaty of 1863, under which a large area of land in the State of North Dakota was ceded to the United States. While the Federal Government has federally rec-ognized the two other Tribes that are successors to the signatories of the treaty, the Little Shell have inexplicably been left in limbo. The Tribe has repeatedly petitioned the Federal Government for Federal recognition—first in the 1930s and ’40s under the Indian Reorganization Act, and later, starting in 1978, through the Department of Interior’s so-called Part 83 process. However, despite their long and well-documented history, each time they were deprived of their right-ful Federal recognition. H.R. 3764 finally extends recognition to the Little Shell Tribe, making all Federal laws and regulations of general applicability to Indians and Indian Tribes applicable as well to Little Shell and its members. Federal recognition of the Tribe en-joys broad support in Montana, includ-ing support from the Governor’s office, the Montana State legislature, the sur-rounding counties and cities, and from all the other federally recognized Mon-tana tribes. Recognition for the Little Shell is long overdue, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this legis-lation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Montana (Mr. G
IANFORTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3764, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
WALNUT GROVE LAND EXCHANGE ACT Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5923) to direct the Secretary of Agriculture to exchange certain pub-lic lands in Ouachita National Forest, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 5923 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Walnut Grove Land Exchange Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) C
HURCH .—The term ‘‘Church’’ means the Walnut Grove Church in Garland County, Ar-kansas. (2) O
FFERED TRACT .—The term ‘‘Offered Tract’’ means all right, title, and interest of the Church in and to approximately 6.3 acres of non-Federal land identified as ‘‘Offered Tract 5742’’on the Detail Map of the Walnut Grove Exchange, Ouachita National Forest map (printed date May 11, 2017). (3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Agriculture. (4) S
ELECTED TRACT .—The term ‘‘Selected Tract’’ means all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to approximately 4 acres identified as ‘‘Selected Tract 5743’’ on the Detail Map of the Walnut Grove Exchange, Ouachita National Forest map (printed date May 11, 2017), subject to the reservation of a road ease-ment by the Secretary. 
SEC. 3. EXCHANGE OF LAND; EQUALIZATION OF VALUE. 
(a) E XCHANGE AUTHORIZED .—Subject to the provisions of this Act, not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, if the Church offers to convey the Offered Tract to the United States, the Secretary shall— (1) convey to the Church all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the Se-lected Tract; and (2) accept from the Church a conveyance of all right, title, and interest of the Church in and to the Offered Tract. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The exchange under sub-section (a) shall be— (1) subject to valid existing rights; (2) conditioned on an equalization payment made by the Church in accordance with sub-section (c); and (3) conditioned on the payment of the costs described in subsection (g). (c) E
QUAL VALUE AND CASHEQUALIZATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graph (2), the exchange under subsection (a) shall be for equal value or the values shall be equalized by a cash payment. (2) E
XCEPTION .—If the value of the Offered Tract exceeds the Selected Tract, an equali-zation payment shall not be required. (d) A
PPRAISALS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The value of the land to be exchanged under this Act shall be determined by appraisals conducted by one or more inde-pendent and qualified appraisers. (2) A
PPRAISAL STANDARDS .—The Secretary shall complete an appraisal of the land to be ex-changed under this Act in accordance with— (A) the Uniform Appraisal Standards for Fed-eral Land Acquisitions; and (B) the Uniform Standards of Professional Ap-praisal Practice. (e) F
ORMAT .—Title and valuation to the land to be exchanged under this Act shall be in a for-mat acceptable to the Secretary and the Church. (f) M
AP AND LEGAL DESCRIPTIONS .—— (1) I
N GENERAL .—As soon as practicable after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall finalize a map and legal descrip-tions of all land to be conveyed under this Act. (2) C
ORRECTIONS .—The Secretary may correct any minor errors in the map or in the legal de-scriptions. (3) MAP ON FILE .—The map and legal descrip-tions shall be on file and available for public in-spection in appropriate offices of the United States Forest Service. (g) C
OSTS OF CONVEYANCE .—As a condition of conveyance, any costs related to the conveyance under this section shall be paid by the Church. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Montana (Mr. G
IANFORTE ) and the gen-tlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. T
SONGAS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Montana. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous materials on the bill under con-sideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Montana? There was no objection. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, for over 20 years, the Walnut Grove Community Church in Jessieville, Arkansas, has sought to gain title to the 4 acres of land on which their church and historic ceme-tery are located. They have offered 6 acres of land within the Ouachita Na-tional Forest to the U.S. Forest Serv-ice in exchange. The cemetery and con-gregation both predate the Forest Service. Since 1938, the church has operated under special-use permits and has had to renew its permit annually since 2002. This situation has left the congrega-tion uncertain about their future on the land they have worshipped on for decades. Furthermore, like any structure built 80 years ago, the church requires maintenance. Unfortunately, its oper-ation under a permit limits the con-gregation’s ability to maintain and im-prove their church building. Congressman W
ESTERMAN has intro-duced a commonsense land exchange that will greatly benefit the commu-nity of Jessieville at no cost to the American taxpayer. He should be com-mended for his work. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill authorizes a long overdue land exchange between the Forest Service and the Walnut Grove Church in Garland County, Ar-kansas. The church was built on Forest Service land, and the exchange will simplify ownership claims and facili-tate access and improvements to the property. The land exchange authorized by this bill includes commonsense safeguards that ensure fair compensation for the value of public lands, and I am happy to support its adoption and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.040 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8130 September 12, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. W
ESTERMAN ). Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Montana (Mr. G
IANFORTE ) and the gentlewoman from Massachusetts for her support of the bill. Mr. Speaker, the Walnut Grove Land Exchange Act should not need to exist. It is a simple bill which swaps 4 acres of public property, which currently houses a community, cemetery, and church with 6 acres of private timberland. And as was mentioned, this church and cemetery was estab-lished decades before the Forest Serv-ice. To those who hear this and think, 10 acres? Why on Earth would it take an act of Congress to exchange a total of 10 acres? Rest assured that I had the same initial reaction. Not that this bill or the church itself are unimportant. On the contrary, the Walnut County Community Church is vital to the rural residents of Garland County. The church is not only a place of worship. It has held countless commu-nity meetings and more. Its cemetery is the final resting place for many of Garland County’s servicemen and -women, and the church itself has served as a search-and-rescue command post in the past. However, under the current law, the church does not own the land on which it worships or buries its dead. As such, the Forest Service has the authority to raise the church’s use fee each year and has done so over the past decade. Worse yet, any improvement or restoration to the church must be done with the ex-plicit permission of the Federal Gov-ernment. As a result, the Walnut Grove congregation has not been able to mod-ify or upgrade their 80-year-old build-ing, despite the need to expand to match the growing demands of the community. Members of the congregation have tried for decades to resolve this issue with the Forest Service. They have called, written, and petitioned both the local and regional offices to purchase or exchange the land. They have will-ingly taken on maintenance of the property and have graciously accepted higher and higher usage fees under the guise that an exchange was coming. An exchange never came. Mr. Speaker, it is time we stop this 20-year merry-go-round. This bill is vi-tally important to this congregation, and it is past time that we help them resolve their issue. My bill has wide bipartisan and bi-cameral support, having passed the committee unanimously and having a companion measure in the Senate. I urge swift passage of this bill. b1600 Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5923, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
RURAL BROADBAND PERMITTING EFFICIENCY ACT OF 2018 Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4824) to allow certain State permitting authority to encourage ex-pansion of broadband service to rural communities, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4824 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Rural Broadband Permitting Efficiency Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) B
ROADBAND PROJECT .—The term ‘‘broadband project’’ means an installation by a broadband provider of wireless or broadband infrastructure, including but not limited to, copper lines, fiber optic lines, communications towers, buildings, or other improvements on Federal land. (2) B
ROADBAND PROVIDER .—The term ‘‘broadband provider’’ means a provider of wireless or broadband infrastructure that en-ables a user to originate and receive high- quality voice, data, graphics, and video tele-communications. (3) I
NDIAN LANDS .—The term ‘‘Indian Lands’’ means— (A) any land owned by an Indian Tribe, lo-cated within the boundaries of an Indian res-ervation, pueblo, or rancheria; or (B) any land located within the boundaries of an Indian reservation, pueblo, or rancheria, the title to which is held— (i) in trust by the United States for the benefit of an Indian Tribe or an individual Indian; (ii) by an Indian Tribe or an individual In-dian, subject to restriction against alien-ation under laws of the United States; or (iii) by a dependent Indian community. (4) I
NDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘‘Indian Tribe’’ means a federally recognized Indian Tribe. (5) O
PERATIONAL RIGHT -OF-WAY.—The term ‘‘operational right-of-way’’ means all real property interests (including easements) ac-quired for the construction or operation of a project, including the locations of the road-way, bridges, interchanges, culverts, drain-age, clear zone, traffic control signage, land-scaping, copper and fiber optic lines, utility shelters, and broadband infrastructure as in-stalled by broadband providers, and any rest areas with direct access to a controlled ac-cess highway or the National Highway Sys-tem. (6) SECRETARY CONCERNED .—The term ‘‘Sec-retary concerned’’ means— (A) the Secretary of Agriculture (acting through the Chief of the Forest Service), with respect to National Forest System land; and (B) the Secretary of the Interior, with re-spect to land managed by the Department of the Interior (including land held in trust for an Indian Tribe). 
SEC. 3. STATE OR TRIBAL PERMITTING AUTHOR-ITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary concerned shall establish (or in the case where both De-partment of the Interior and National Forest System land would be affected, shall jointly establish) a voluntary program under which any State or Indian Tribe may offer, and the Secretary concerned may agree, to enter into a memorandum of understanding to allow for the State or Indian Tribe to pre-pare environmental analyses required under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) for the permitting of broadband projects within an operational right-of-way on National Forest System land, land managed by the Department of the Interior, and Indian Lands. Under such a memorandum of understanding, an Indian Tribe or State may volunteer to cooperate with the signatories to the memorandum in the preparation of the analyses required under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969. (b) A
SSUMPTION OF RESPONSIBILITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In entering into a memo-randum of understanding under this section, the Secretary concerned may assign to the State or Indian Tribe, and the State or In-dian Tribe may agree to assume, all or part of the responsibilities of the Secretary con-cerned for environmental analyses under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). (2) S
TATE OR INDIAN TRIBE RESPONSI -
BILITY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—A State or Indian Tribe that assumes any responsibility under para-graph (1) shall be subject to the same proce-dural and substantive requirements as would apply if the responsibility were carried out by the Secretary concerned. (B) E
FFECT OF ASSUMPTION OF RESPONSI -
BILITY .—A State or Indian Tribe that as-sumes any responsibility, including financial responsibility, under paragraph (1) shall be solely responsible and solely liable for car-rying out, in lieu of the Secretary concerned, the responsibilities assumed under that para-graph until the date on which the program is terminated under subsection (g). (C) E
NVIRONMENTAL REVIEW .—A State or Indian Tribe that assumes any responsibility under paragraph (1) shall comply with the environmental review procedures under parts 1500–1508 of title 40, Code of Federal Regula-tions (or successor regulations), and the reg-ulations of the Secretary concerned. (3) F
EDERAL RESPONSIBILITY .—Any respon-sibility of the Secretary concerned described in paragraph (1) that is not explicitly as-sumed by the State or Indian Tribe in the memorandum of understanding shall remain the responsibility of the Secretary con-cerned. (c) O
FFER AND NOTIFICATION .—A State or Indian Tribe that intends to offer to enter into a memorandum of understanding under this section shall provide to the Secretary concerned notice of the intent of the State or Indian Tribe not later than 90 days before the date on which the State or Indian Tribe submits a formal written offer to the Sec-retary concerned. (d) T
RIBAL CONSULTATION .—Within 90 days of entering into any memorandum of under-standing with a State, the Secretary con-cerned shall initiate consultation with rel-evant Indian Tribes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.042 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8131 September 12, 2018 
(e) M EMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING .—A memorandum of understanding entered into under this section shall— (1) be executed by the Governor or the Gov-ernor’s designee, or in the case of an Indian Tribe, by an officer designated by the gov-erning body of the Indian Tribe; (2) be for a term not to exceed 10 years; (3) be in such form as the Secretary con-cerned may prescribe; (4) provide that the State or Indian Tribe— (A) agrees to assume all or part of the re-sponsibilities of the Secretary concerned de-scribed in subsection (b)(1); (B) expressly consents, including through the adoption of express waivers of sovereign immunity, on behalf of the State or Indian Tribe, to accept the jurisdiction of the Fed-eral courts for the compliance, discharge, and enforcement of any responsibility of the Secretary concerned assumed by the State or Indian Tribe; (C) certify that State laws and regulations, with respect to States, or Tribal laws and regulations, with respect to Indian Tribes, are in effect that— (i) authorize the State or Indian Tribe to take the actions necessary to carry out the responsibilities being assumed; and (ii) are comparable to section 552 of title 5, United States Code, including providing that any decision regarding the public avail-ability of a document under the State laws is reviewable by a court of competent jurisdic-tion; (D) agrees to maintain the financial re-sources necessary to carry out the respon-sibilities being assumed; (E) agrees to provide to the Secretary con-cerned any information the Secretary con-cerned considers necessary to ensure that the State or Indian Tribe is adequately car-rying out the responsibilities assigned to and assumed by the State or Indian Tribe; (F) agrees to return revenues generated from the use of public lands authorized under this section to the United States annually, in accordance with the Federal Land Policy Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.); and (G) agrees to send a copy of all authorizing documents to the United States for proper notation and recordkeeping; (5) prioritize and expedite any analyses under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) under the memorandum of understanding; (6) not be granted to a State on Indian Lands without the consent of the relevant Indian Tribe; and (7) not be granted to an Indian Tribe on State lands without the consent of the rel-evant State. (f) L
IMITATION .—Nothing in this section permits a State or Indian Tribe to assume— (1) any rulemaking authority of the Sec-retary concerned under any Federal law; and (2) Federal Government responsibilities for government-to-government consultation with Indian Tribes. (g) T
ERMINATION .— (1) T
ERMINATION BY THE SECRETARY .—The Secretary concerned may terminate the par-ticipation of any State or Indian Tribe in the program established under this section if— (A) the Secretary concerned determines that the State or Indian Tribe is not ade-quately carrying out the responsibilities as-signed to and assumed by the State or Indian Tribe; (B) the Secretary concerned provides to the State or Indian Tribe— (i) notification of the determination of noncompliance; and (ii) a period of at least 30 days during which to take such corrective action as the Secretary concerned determines is necessary to comply with the applicable agreement; and (C) the State or Indian Tribe, after the no-tification and period provided under subpara-graph (B), fails to take satisfactory correc-tive action, as determined by the Secretary concerned. (2) TERMINATION BY THE STATE OR INDIAN  
TRIBE .—A State or Indian Tribe may termi-nate the participation of the State or Indian Tribe in the program established under this section at any time by providing to the Sec-retary concerned a notice of intent to termi-nate by not later than the date that is 90 days before the date of termination. (3) T
ERMINATION OF MEMORANDUM OF UNDER -
STANDING WITH STATE OR INDIAN TRIBE .—A State or an Indian Tribe may terminate a joint memorandum of understanding under this section at any time by providing to the Secretary concerned a notice of intent to terminate by no later than the date that is 90 days before the date of termination. 
SEC. 4. FEDERAL BROADBAND PERMIT COORDI-NATION. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary con-cerned shall establish a broadband permit streamlining team comprised of qualified staff under subsection (b)(4) in each State or regional office that has been delegated re-sponsibility for issuing permits for broadband projects. (b) M
EMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary concerned, in consultation with the National Conference of State Historic Preservation Officers and the National Trib-al Historic Preservation Officers Associa-tion, shall enter into a memorandum of un-derstanding to carry out this section with— (A) the Secretary of Agriculture or of the Interior, as appropriate; (B) the Director of the Bureau of Indian Af-fairs; and (C) the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service. (2) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the memo-randum of understanding under paragraph (1) is to coordinate and expedite permitting de-cisions for broadband projects. (3) S
TATE OR TRIBAL PARTICIPATION .—The Secretary concerned may request that the Governor of any State or the officer des-ignated by the governing body of the Indian Tribe with one or more broadband projects be a party to the memorandum of under-standing under paragraph (1). (4) D
ESIGNATION OF QUALIFIED STAFF .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of entrance into the memo-randum of understanding under paragraph (1), the head of each Federal agency that is a party to the memorandum of under-standing (other than the Secretary con-cerned) may, if the head of the Federal agen-cy determines it to be appropriate, designate to each State or regional office an employee of that Federal agency with expertise in reg-ulatory issues relating to that Federal agen-cy, including, as applicable, particular exper-tise in— (i) planning under the Forest and Range-land Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1600 et seq.) and planning under the Federal Land Policy Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.); (ii) the preparation of analyses under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); or (iii) consultation and the preparation of bi-ological opinions under section 7 of the En-dangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1536). (B) D
UTIES .—Each employee designated under subparagraph (A) shall— (i) be responsible for any issue relating to any broadband project within the jurisdic-tion of the State or regional office under the authority of the Federal agency from which the employee is assigned; (ii) participate as part of the team of per-sonnel working on one or more proposed broadband projects, including planning and environmental analyses; and (iii) serve as the designated point of con-tact with any applicable State or Indian Tribe that assumes any responsibility under section 3(b)(1) relating to any issue described in clause (i). The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Montana (Mr. G
IANFORTE ) and the gen-tlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. T
SONGAS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Montana. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Montana? There was no objection. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. H.R. 4824, introduced by J
OHNCURTIS  of Utah, is the Rural Broadband Per-mitting Efficiency Act of 2018. The bill, which I have cosponsored, provides much-needed efficiency to the broadband permitting process on Fed-eral lands to ensure underserved com-munities receive this vital utility. Approximately 40 percent of rural Americans do not have access to broadband internet. Without adequate and consistent internet access, people are unable to effectively communicate, gain access to vital information serv-ices, and increasingly participate in the American workforce. Currently, providers who wish to in-stall broadband infrastructure in exist-ing utility and road rights-of-way on Federal land are frequently required to obtain approval from multiple Federal and State agencies. If the infrastruc-ture crosses Indian Country, the Bu-reau of Indian Affairs is involved. This cumbersome process also includes ex-tensive environmental review under the National Environmental Policy Act. H.R. 4824 streamlines broadband per-mitting in existing rights-of-way, sav-ing time and money in broadband de-ployment. Specifically, this bill au-thorizes a program to enhance the per-mitting process for broadband internet projects in each of the Bureau of Land Management’s State offices. H.R. 4824 also authorizes the Bureau and the U.S. Forest Service to enter into agreements with States and Tribes to allow those entities to carry out en-vironmental reviews for broadband projects within existing rights-of-way on Federal land. This coordinated ap-proach should help alleviate unneces-sary delays in permit processing and encourage providers and States to pur-sue broadband deployment projects, particularly in rural areas. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE7.018 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8132 September 12, 2018 
Congressman C URTIS should be com-mended for his work on this bill and his efforts to have it considered by the House today. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES , Washington, DC, August 1, 2018. Hon. K. M
ICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman, Committee on Agriculture, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : I write regarding H.R. 4824, the Rural Broadband Permitting Effi-ciency Act of 2018, which was primarily re-ferred to the Committee on Natural Re-sources and additionally referred to your committee. The Natural Resources Com-mittee ordered the bill favorably reported by voice vote on June 6, 2018, and my staff has shared with your staff a draft bill report, a copy of the bill as ordered reported and the cost estimate prepared by the Congressional Budget Office. I ask that you allow your committee to be discharged from further consideration of the bill so that it may be quickly scheduled by the Majority Leader. I agree that this dis-charge in no way affects your jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future refer-rals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support your re-quest to have your committee be represented on the conference committee. Finally, I would be pleased to include this letter and your response in the report for the bill and in the Congressional Record during debate on the bill to document our agreement. Thank you very much for your consider-ation of my request, and I look forward to bringing H.R. 4824 to the Floor soon. Sincerely, R
OBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , Washington, DC, July 30, 2018. Hon. R
OBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for the op-portunity to review H.R. 4824, the Rural Broadband Permitting Efficiency Act of 2018. As you are aware, the bill was primarily re-ferred to the Committee on Natural Re-sources, while the Agriculture Committee received an additional referral. I recognize and appreciate your desire to bring this legislation before the House in an expeditious manner and, accordingly, I agree to discharge H.R. 4824 from further consider-ation by the Committee on Agriculture. I do so with the understanding that by dis-charging the bill, the Committee on Agri-culture does not waive any future jurisdic-tional claim on this or similar matters. Fur-ther, the Committee on Agriculture reserves the right to seek the appointment of con-ferees, if it should become necessary. I ask that you insert a copy of our ex-change of letters into the Congressional Record during consideration of this measure on the House floor. Thank you for your courtesy in this mat-ter and I look forward to continued coopera-tion between our respective committees. Sincerely, K. M
ICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman. 
Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Expanding broadband access in rural America and communities adjacent to public lands is a bipartisan priority on the Natural Resources Committee. I want to thank Representative CUR-
TISfor working with committee Demo-crats to improve this bill since it was introduced. H.R. 4824 gives States the primary re-sponsibility for issuing environmental review permits for broadband projects in those areas that already have rights- of-way for existing infrastructure, such as roads, bridges, and trails. At markup, Representative C
URTIS  amended the bill to address several concerns brought forward by Native American stakeholders and committee Democrats. This includes guarantees that Tribal governments are consulted and can participate in the development of memoranda of understanding for projects that cross their land. This is a critical improvement. The bill we are considering today also removes language that would have broadly exempted certain projects from any environmental reviews and elimi-nated public comment periods. However, there are still a number of outstanding issues that I hope can be addressed as this bill makes its way through the legislative process in the Senate. For example, I believe that we should continue to perfect language that allows for public comment periods and strengthens the ability of our Fed-eral land management agencies to en-force any MOU that is signed with a State government. We would also like to continue dis-cussions in order to ensure that every-day citizens receive protection under the Equal Access to Justice Act, a law that ensures all citizens have the abil-ity to participate in government deci-sionmaking. I believe these are commonsense changes that won’t hamper rural broadband development. I do not op-pose passage of the legislation through the House at this time, but I look for-ward to continued bipartisan and bi-cameral work on the remaining issues. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
URTIS ). Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased the House is considering my bill today, H.R. 4824, the Rural Broadband Permitting Efficiency Act of 2018. I want to express my appreciation to Senator O
RRIN HATCH , who introduced the bill in the Senate, as well Chair-man R
OBBISHOP for moving the bill through the Natural Resources Com-mittee. I would also like to thank various stakeholders that have taken part in the process creating this bill. Addition-ally, I would like to thank the 12 Mem-bers who joined me on this important bill as cosponsors, including my good friend from Montana (Mr. G
IANFORTE ). The need to give greater access to high-speed broadband services for rural communities is broadly supported, evi-denced by the diverse coalition of stakeholders supporting my common-sense legislation, including NTCA, WTA, the American Library Associa-tion, the Utah Education and Tele-health Network, the Utah Governor’s Office of Economic Development, the Utah Rural Broadband Association, and the Navajo Nation, to name just a few. The purpose of my bill is simple: We need to do a better job connecting our rural and remote communities with greater access to broadband and high- speed internet. I believe that increas-ing access to broadband services in rural areas, like many places in my home State of Utah, is an important first step to help bridge the digital di-vide and to provide an enhanced qual-ity of life for these areas. This infra-structure is critical to ensure schools, hospitals, libraries, and small busi-nesses have access to modern-day internet speeds. This legislation will provide economic development oppor-tunities for small businesses and resi-dents in our rural towns. Currently, the permitting process for a broadband project across Federal lands can take many years, in some cases, as much as 8 or 9 years. In my view, this is completely unacceptable. My bill improves and speeds up the per-mitting process on Federal lands, while also safeguarding and enforcing cur-rent-day Federal environmental laws. I have visited three different Native American Tribes since my election to Congress and have learned some of the unique problems facing these commu-nities. I was proud to work with sev-eral Native American Tribes, including the Navajo Nation in my district, to ensure Tribal governments can utilize these new programs established within my bill. I was touched by a letter of support I received this week from President Begaye, the president of the Navajo Nation. I have visited the Navajo Na-tion three times since coming to Con-gress, and I hope this bill passes so that, on my next visit, we can cele-brate the passage of this bill together. My bill is a big win for Americans living in rural communities, especially Utahns, and I encourage my House col-leagues to join me in voting in support of H.R. 4824. I hope the Senate will also quickly take up this measure and send it to the President’s desk. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4824, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to allow certain 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.045 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8133 September 12, 2018 
State and tribal permitting authority to encourage expansion of broadband service to rural and tribal commu-nities, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MODERNIZING THE PITTMAN-ROB-ERTSON FUND FOR TOMORROW’S NEEDS ACT Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2591) to amend the Pittman- Robertson Wildlife Restoration Act to modernize the funding of wildlife con-servation, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2591 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Modernizing the Pittman-Robertson Fund for Tomorrow’s Needs Act’’. 
SEC. 2. PURPOSE. 
The first section of the Pittman-Robertson Wildlife Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 669) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘One of the purposes of this Act is to provide fi-nancial and technical assistance to the States for the promotion of hunting and recreational shooting.’’. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 2 of the Pittman-Robertson Wildlife Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 669a) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through (8) as paragraphs (4) through (10), respectively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) for the purposes of determining the num-ber of paid hunting-license holders in a State, the term ‘fiscal year’ means the fiscal year or li-cense year of the State; ‘‘(3) the term ‘hunter recruitment and rec-reational shooter recruitment’ means any activ-ity or project to recruit or retain hunters and recreational shooters, including by— ‘‘(A) using social media, marketing, adver-tising, surveying, television spots, print, and media; ‘‘(B) providing education, mentoring, and field demonstrations; ‘‘(C) enhancing access for hunting and rec-reational shooting, including through range construction; ‘‘(D) providing education to the public about the role of hunting and recreational shooting in funding wildlife conservation; and ‘‘(E) using any other means to ensure the growth of hunting and recreational shooting, as determined by the Secretary;’’. 
SEC. 4. ALLOCATION AND APPORTIONMENT OF AVAILABLE AMOUNTS. 
(a) A PPORTIONMENT TO STATES .—Section 4(b) of the Pittman-Robertson Wildlife Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 669c(b)) is amended— (1) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘The Sec-retary of the Interior’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary’’; (2) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘Such apportionments’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) A
DJUSTMENTS .—The apportionments under paragraph (1)’’; (3) by striking the third sentence; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) U
SE OF FUNDS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), amounts apportioned under this subsection may be used for hunter recruitment and rec-reational shooter recruitment. ‘‘(B) LIMITATION .—A State may make an ex-penditure under subparagraph (A) only if the amount of the expenditure during the fiscal year in which the expenditure is made plus the amount of the expenditures for hunter recruit-ment and recreational shooter recruitment made during the 4 fiscal years preceding that fiscal year is not greater than 25 percent of the total amount apportioned to the State under this sub-section during that 5-fiscal-year period.’’. (b) A
PPORTIONMENT OF CERTAIN TAXES.—The first subsection (c) of section 4 of the Pittman- Robertson Wildlife Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 669c) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘A
PPORTIONMENT OF REVE-
NUES FROM PISTOLS , REVOLVERS , BOWS, AND A
RROWS .—’’ after the enumerator; (2) by striking ‘‘One-half’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), 
1⁄2’’; (3) by striking ‘‘: Provided, That’’ and insert-ing a period; (4) by striking ‘‘each State shall be appor-tioned not more than 3 per centum and not less than 1 per centum of such revenues’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(2) C
ONDITION .—The amount apportioned to each State under paragraph (1) shall be not greater than 3 percent and not less than 1 per-cent of the revenues described in such para-graph’’; (5) by striking ‘‘For the purpose’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(3) P
OPULATION DETERMINATION .—For the purpose’’; and (6) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) U
SE OF FUNDS .—In addition to other uses authorized under this Act, amounts apportioned under this subsection may be used for hunter re-cruitment and recreational shooter recruit-ment.’’. (c) T
ECHNICAL CORRECTION .—Section 4 of the Pittman-Robertson Wildlife Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 669c) is amended by redesignating the second subsection (c) and subsection (d) as sub-sections (d) and (e), respectively. 
SEC. 5. EXPENDITURES FOR MANAGEMENT OF WILDLIFE AREAS AND RESOURCES. 
Section 8 of the Pittman-Robertson Wildlife Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 669g) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), in the third sentence, by striking ‘‘and public relations’’; and (2) in subsection (b), in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘, as a part of such program’’. 
SEC. 6. FIREARM AND BOW HUNTER EDUCATION AND SAFETY PROGRAM GRANTS. 
Section 10(a)(1)(A) of the Pittman-Robertson Wildlife Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 669h– 1(a)(1)(A)) is amended— (1) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(v) the enhancement of hunter recruitment and recreational shooter recruitment; and’’. 
SEC. 7. MULTISTATE CONSERVATION GRANT PRO-GRAM. 
Section 11 of the Pittman-Robertson Wildlife Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 669h–2) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘Not more than’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not more than’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) A
VAILABILITY FOR HUNTER AND REC -
REATIONAL SHOOTER GRANTS .—Not more than $5,000,000 of the revenues covered into the fund from any tax imposed under section 4161(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 for a fiscal year shall be available to the Secretary exclu-sively for making hunter recruitment and rec-reational shooter recruitment grants that pro-mote a national hunting and shooting sport re-cruitment program, including related commu-nication and outreach activities.’’; (2) in the matter preceding subsection (b)(3)(A), by striking ‘‘International’’; (3) in the matter preceding subsection (c)(2)(A)(i), by striking ‘‘International’’; (4) in subsection (c)(2)(A)(i), by inserting ‘‘or to recreational shooting activities’’ after ‘‘wild-life’’; and (5) in subsection (d), by inserting ‘‘or to rec-reational shooting activities’’ after ‘‘wildlife’’. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Montana (Mr. G
IANFORTE ) and the gen-tlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. T
SONGAS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Montana. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Montana? There was no objection. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. H.R. 2591, introduced by Representa-tive A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, is a bi-partisan bill which I cosponsored that amends the Pittman-Robertson Wild-life Restoration Act to modernize the funding for wildlife conservation. The Pittman-Robertson fund, which relies on excise tax fees paid by hunt-ers and recreational shooters, has been a driving force for wildlife habitat preservation in the United States for nearly 80 years, contributing over $10 billion in that time. The fund is also responsible for important hunter edu-cation programs, as well as the con-struction and maintenance of public shooting ranges. The long-term viability of the Pitt-man-Robertson fund is at risk, how-ever, because of the diminishing num-ber of hunters and recreational shoot-ers nationwide. Recent surveys have shown a decline of over 2 million hunt-ers since 2011. This has largely been caused by growing urbanization and suburbanization, which has made it more difficult for Americans to partici-pate in these activities. This legislation will give States addi-tional flexibility to use their Pittman- Robertson dollars to fund programs to recruit, retain, and reactivate hunters and target shooters. Empowering the States with this added flexibility will help promote safe and responsible hunting and shooting, while also ensur-ing this American system of wildlife conservation funding remains strong into the future. Congressman S
COTT should be com-mended for his work on this bipartisan measure. I urge adoption of the meas-ure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill provides States with increased flexibility to utilize 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.047 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8134 September 12, 2018 
money provided by the Pittman-Rob-ertson fund for expanding outreach in hunter education initiatives. The Federal Aid in Wildlife Restora-tion Act of 1937, commonly known as the Pittman-Robertson Act, authorizes an excise tax on hunting equipment. The proceeds are used to support wild-life conservation and restoration ef-forts. Allowing some of the money for edu-cation and outreach initiatives has the potential to increase participation in hunting and other recreational activi-ties that will expand the tax base and the total pool of available money. This program is our Nation’s oldest and most successful wildlife conserva-tion initiative. In its over-80-year his-tory, it has restored habitat relied on by numerous species and even helped to bring some populations back from the brink of extinction. This is an impres-sive track record that the update in-cluded in this legislation is meant to support. The bill includes a 25 percent cap for education and recruitment activities, a safeguard meant to ensure there is still plenty of money available for wildlife conservation and restoration. I look forward to working with our colleagues in the Senate to ensure that 25 percent is an appropriate safeguard that doesn’t steer too much money away from the traditional purpose of the fund. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT). Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2591, Modernizing the Pittman-Robert-son Fund for Tomorrow’s Needs Act. As a lifelong outdoorsman and cur-rent vice chairman of the Congres-sional Sportsmen’s Caucus, I am hon-ored to be here today to discuss this bi-partisan legislation. If enacted, H.R. 2591 would provide national, broad-based support to State fish and wildlife agencies to develop, guide, and enhance collective efforts to recruit new hunters and sportsmen, all while continuing to protect our Na-tion’s natural resources. Through a system of user pay, public benefits, Pittman-Robertson is the foundation of wildlife conservation funding in the United States. In the early 1900s, many wildlife spe-cies were beginning to dwindle and dis-appear. To address this decline, State fish and wildlife agencies and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service partnered with hunters and conservationists to help draft and enact the Federal Aid in Wildlife Restoration Act. Known today as the Pittman-Robertson Act, this legislation became law in 1937. Since it was first enacted, the Pitt-man-Robertson Wildlife Restoration Fund has collected over $11 billion from sportsmen and -women to be used by States to fund wildlife conservation efforts, habitat acquisition and man-agement, public access to lands, hunter education, and development of ranges affiliated with hunter safety programs. These funds are collected from an ex-cise tax on sporting equipment, which is coupled with State funds from the sale of sporting licenses. Over the past century, States have spent these funds to restore game and nongame species that were on the brink of endangerment and extinction. Specifically, Pittman-Robertson funds have helped rebuild white-tailed deer, turkey, duck, beaver, elk, osprey, and bald eagle populations. Effectively, Pittman-Robertson creates a direct link between those who hunt and par-ticipate in sportsmen activities and the health of the resources needed to ex-pand and enhance those opportunities. However, in recent years, the in-creasing urbanization and suburban-ization of our population has made it more difficult for the public to partici-pate in hunting and outdoor rec-reational activities. b1615 Correspondingly, the average age of Americans purchasing hunting licenses and equipment is steadily rising as younger Americans are not joining the sportsmen population. This has a significant ripple effect, not only on the key Federal funding models that support the conservation of fish and wildlife, but also on the base of support for our public lands and on thoughtful natural resource policy. H.R. 2591 seeks to address this grow-ing issue head-on. Without any Federal mandate or any increase in existing user fees or taxes, H.R. 2591 will preserve the current user-pay, public-benefit funding of wildlife conservation for generations to come, while further expanding flexi-bility of States to make decisions that are best fit for them and the preserva-tion of their natural resources. Specifically, H.R. 2591 would clarify that a purpose of the Pittman-Robert-son funds is to extend public relations assistance to the States for the pro-motion of hunting and sportsmen ac-tivities. For the first time, State fish and wildlife agencies could use Pittman- Robertson funds for proactive recruit-ment, including promotions on tele-vision, in printed publications, and on social media; educational field dem-onstrations to better teach the role that hunting plays in wildlife conserva-tion; as well as initiatives aimed at en-hancing access for hunting and range construction. These modernizations are essential in addressing the issues currently affect-ing Pittman-Robertson funds. To ensure that traditional wildlife conservation remains the primary focus of Pittman-Robertson, H.R. 2591 puts a maximum cap of 25 percent on the percentage of Pittman-Robertson funds that can be used for public rela-tions by a State agency. Moreover, H.R. 2591 would expand the Multistate Conservation Grant Pro-gram by providing an additional $5 mil-lion per year from archery tax collec-tions to provide for hunters and rec-reational recruitment project grants that promote a national recruitment program. While this legislation provides the authority for the existing Pittman- Robertson funds to be used on pro-grams that will help ensure participa-tion in outdoor recreational sportsmen activities and secure a funding base long into the future, it is important to note that H.R. 2591 does not mandate how PR funds must be spent. The discretion to determine the amount, if any, of Wildlife Restoration Funds spent on recruitment would re-main entirely with each individual State fish and wildlife agency. Conservation organizations and State wildlife agencies alike have long advo-cated for increased flexibility for Pitt-man-Robertson funds. H.R. 2591 is supported by all 50 State fish and wildlife agencies as well as a significant number of the Nation’s leading sportsmen conservation groups—just to list a few: the Associa-tion of Fish and Wildlife Agencies, the Archery Trade Association, the Con-gressional Sportsmen’s Foundation, Conservation Force, Council to Ad-vance Hunting and Shooting Sports, Delta Waterfowl, Ducks Unlimited, Izaak Walton League, Mule Deer Foun-dation, Pheasants Forever, Quail For-ever, Rocky Mountain Elk Foundation, the Sportsmen’s Alliance, the Theodore Roosevelt Conservation Council, Wild-life Forever, the Wildlife and Hunting Heritage Conservation Council, and the Wildlife Management Institute. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Montana (Mr. G
IANFORTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2591, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
STIGLER ACT AMENDMENTS OF 2018 Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2606) to amend the Act of Au-gust 4, 1947 (commonly known as the Stigler Act), with respect to restric-tions applicable to Indians of the Five Civilized Tribes of Oklahoma, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2606 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Stigler Act Amendments of 2018’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.048 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8135 September 12, 2018 
SEC. 2. IN GENERAL. 
The first section of the Act of August 4, 1947 (61 Stat. 731, chapter 458), is amended— (1) in the matter before subsection (a), by striking ‘‘That all restrictions’’ and all that fol-lows through subsection (a) and inserting the following: ‘‘S
EC. 1. (a) All restrictions against alienation, conveyance, lease, mortgage, creation of liens, or other encumbrances upon all lands, including oil and gas or other mineral interests, in Okla-homa belonging to a lineal descendant by blood of an original enrollee whose name appears on the Final Indian Rolls of the Five Civilized Tribes in Indian Territory, whether acquired by allotment, inheritance, devise, gift, purchase, exchange, partition, partition sale, or by pur-chase with restricted funds, of whatever degree of Indian blood, and whether enrolled or unenrolled, shall be and are hereby, extended until an Act of Congress determines otherwise. ‘‘(b) The extension of restrictions described in subsection (a) shall include without limitation, those interests in the estate of a decedent Indian who died before the date of enactment of the Stigler Act Amendments of 2018— ‘‘(1) if such interests were acquired by an heir or devisee of one-half or more degree of Indian blood, as computed from the nearest enrolled lineal ancestors of Indian blood enrolled on the Final Rolls described in subsection (a), by final order issued by an Oklahoma district court or a United States district court determining the de-cedent’s heirs or devisees or otherwise deter-mining the ownership of said interests before said date; or ‘‘(2) if such interests were, immediately prior to the decedent’s death, subject to restrictions and had not, as of said date, been— ‘‘(A) the subject of a final order issued by an Oklahoma district court or a United States dis-trict court determining the decedent’s heirs or devisees or otherwise determining the ownership of said interests; ‘‘(B) conveyed by the decedent’s undetermined heirs or devisees by deed approved by an Okla-homa district court; or ‘‘(C) conveyed by the decedent’s undetermined heirs or devisees of less than one-half degree of Indian blood with or without Oklahoma district court approval. ‘‘S
EC. 2. (a) Except as provided in subsection (f), subsection (g), subsection (h), and sub-section (i), no conveyance, including an oil and gas or mineral lease, of any interest in the re-stricted lands described in this section shall be valid unless approved in open court by the dis-trict court of the county in Oklahoma in which the land is situated;’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘county judge’’ and inserting ‘‘district judge’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘Proceedings for approval of conveyances by restricted heirs or devisees’’ and inserting ‘‘Proceedings for approval of convey-ances’’; (3) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘best interest of the Indian’’ and inserting ‘‘best interest of the grantor’’; and (4) by adding before the period at the end the following: ‘‘; (h) nothing contained in this sec-tion shall limit or affect the right of an Indian owner of restricted lands described in this Act to seek and obtain Secretarial removal of restric-tions on all or any portion of said restricted lands in accordance with any applicable Fed-eral law; (i) nothing contained in this section shall invalidate the alienation, conveyance, lease, including oil and gas or other mineral leases, mortgage, creation of liens, or other en-cumbrance of any lands, if such action was ef-fective before the date of enactment of the Stigler Act Amendments of 2018 and valid under the law then in effect; and (j) in determining the quantum of Indian blood of any Indian heir or devisee, the Final Indian Rolls of the Five Civ-ilized Tribes in Indian Territory as to such heir or devisee, if enrolled, shall be conclusive of his or her quantum of Indian blood. If unenrolled, his or her degree of Indian blood shall be com-puted from the nearest enrolled lineal ancestors of Indian blood enrolled on the Final Indian Rolls of the Five Civilized Tribes in Indian Ter-ritory’’. SEC. 3. TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS. 
The Act of August 4, 1947 (61 Stat. 731, chap-ter 458), is amended— (1) in section 5, by striking ‘‘of one-half or more Indian blood,’’; (2) in section 6(c)— (A) by inserting ‘‘purchase, partition sale,’’ after ‘‘gift,’’ each place it appears; and (B) by striking ‘‘of one-half or more Indian blood’’; and (3) in section 8, by striking ‘‘of one-half or more Indian blood,’’. 
SEC. 4. REPEALS. 
The following are repealed: (1) The first section of the Act of August 11, 1955 (69 Stat. 666, chapter 768). (2) Section 2 of the Act of August 4, 1947 (61 Stat. 731, chapter 458). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Montana (Mr. G
IANFORTE ) and the gen-tlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. T
SONGAS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Montana. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Montana? There was no objection. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2606, the Stigler Act Amend-ments of 2018. The bill would amend the 1947 Stigler Act to remove the Indian blood quan-tum requirement for certain land to be maintained in restricted fee status for any member of the Cherokee Nation, Chickasaw Nation, Choctaw Nation, Muscogee Creek Nation, and the Semi-nole Nation, which are collectively known as the Five Civilized Tribes of Oklahoma. Under current law, when a person of less than one-half degree Indian blood from one of the Five Tribes inherits an interest of an allotment of land, the land can be taxed and be conveyed without approval of the Secretary of the Interior. Under H.R. 2606, restricted fee land currently owned by members of the Five Tribes would remain in restricted status regardless of the blood quantum of the owners. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the sponsor of this legislation, the gen-tleman from Oklahoma (Mr. C
OLE) for his tireless work on issues impacting Indian Country, including this bill. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I might consume. Mr. Speaker, like other Native Amer-ican tribes, the land base of the Five Civilized Tribes of Oklahoma was dev-astated during the allotment and as-similation period of the late 1800s. Dur-ing this period, tribal governments were dissolved and community-held lands were distributed as 160-acre par-cels to individual tribal members. The remaining lands were made available for non-Indian settlement. Congress eventually reversed its pol-icy and, in 1936, enacted the Oklahoma Indian Welfare Act in order to rebuild Indian tribal societies and rightfully return land back to the tribes. Under that act, any previously allot-ted Indian land remained with its cur-rent owner in restricted fee status. This status has significant benefits, as restricted fee lands are under tribal ju-risdiction and are exempt from certain Federal and State taxes. However, in 1947, additional and arbi-trary constraints were placed upon the lands of the Five Civilized Tribes. The enactment of this 1947 law, known as the Stigler Act, set a min-imum blood quantum level that must be met by an Indian landowner in order for the lands to remain in restricted fee status. That is to say, if the total per-centage of Indian blood of a landowner falls below a certain minimum thresh-old, the land loses its tax-exempt sta-tus. Over the years, with subsequent gen-erations and intermarriage, landowners often no longer meet the minimum blood quantum level. The lands then lose their restricted fee status and often are sold off. This has resulted in a drastic reduc-tion of all the lands owned by members of the Five Civilized Tribes. No other Native American Tribe is required to meet this blood quantum minimum in order to preserve their land fee status, and it seems that this was the main intent of the Stigler Act in 1947, to further reduce Indian land holdings in Oklahoma. Under the changes proposed in H.R. 2606, we can right this wrong. Enactment of this legislation will en-sure that restricted fee land owned by citizens of the Five Civilized Tribes will remain in that status regardless of blood quantum levels. This will bring parity to the Five Civilized Tribes and allow their citizens to own restricted fee land just like the citizens of other tribes. Mr. Speaker, I support H.R. 2606 and urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. C OLE). Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I certainly thank the gentleman from Montana for yielding, and I want to thank him for moving this legislation through his committee and onto the floor. I rise in support, Mr. Speaker, of H.R. 2606, the Stigler Act Amendments of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE7.020 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8136 September 12, 2018 
2018, and on behalf of the citizens of the Cherokee Nation; my own tribe, the Chickasaw Nation; the Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma; the Muscogee Creek Na-tion; and the Seminole Nation of Okla-homa, commonly known as the Five Civilized Tribes. The bill before us only addresses and affects these Five Tribes and the lands owned by their citizens within the State of Oklahoma. The passage of this legislation is critical to maintaining the inherited land of the citizens of the five aforementioned tribes. The infamous Dawes Act of 1887 au-thorized the Federal Government to survey tribal lands and divide them into allotted parcels for individual Na-tive Americans. Title to these allot-ment parcels was set forth in the Stigler Act of 1947. The Stigler Act provided that, upon probate, if the heirs and devisees of an original allottee from the Five Tribes had passed out of one-half Native American blood quantum, the allot-ment loses its restricted fee status. Restricted land is not subject to State taxation, and Federal law does not dictate a minimum Native Amer-ican blood degree requirement to any other tribe. The original Stigler Act itself was an egregious violation of tribal sov-ereignty and previous agreements be-tween the Five Civilized Tribes and the government. The provisions of the Dawes Act that protected individual Native allottees, frankly, were effec-tively neutered by the passage of the Stigler Act. This legislation seeks to amend the original Stigler Act and remove the one-half degree requirement of Native American blood. In doing so, it would provide the opportunity for heirs and devisees to take title to the land and allow the parcel to maintain its re-stricted status. This legislation will also create par-ity in Federal law in the treatment of Native American allotted land by re-moving the minimum blood degree re-quirement, which only applies to the citizens of the Five Civilized Tribes. As Native Americans, we take great pride in our heritage and the land that our ancestors maintained before us. The Stigler Act would allow Natives to pass on their restricted land to future generations who may not meet the one- half degree blood requirement. Many of Oklahoma’s citizens have passed out of the one-half blood lineage but remain vested in their Native American herit-age and citizens of their respective tribal governments. This bill will help preserve the rights and legacy of Native American tribes and their inheritance in the State of Oklahoma. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to support and pass H.R. 2606 to remove this outdated and discrimina-tory law and to preserve what Native American land is left in Oklahoma’s In-dian Country. Mr. Speaker, again, I want to thank my friend for moving this through the committee. Also, obviously, I want to thank the chairman of the full com-mittee, Mr. B
ISHOP , for his help in this matter. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2606, the Stigler Act Amend-ments of 2018. This legislation would end a discriminatory blood quantum requirement for members of the Five Civilized Tribes: the Cherokee, Chick-asaw, Choctaw, Muskogee (Creek), and Semi-nole Nations. The Stigler Act of 1947 mandated that re-stricted land owned by a member of the Five Tribes must have 
1⁄2blood quantum in order for it to remain restricted. If the land is handed down to a relative with less than 
1⁄2blood quantum, the land is no longer restricted. No other Native American tribe in the United States is subject to the Stigler Act, and in no other tribe in the United States do the lands of tribal citizens lose their restricted status due to the blood quantum of an individual Native American. H.R. 2606 would do away with the blood quantum requirement so restricted fee land owned by citizens of the Five Tribes could re-main restricted, regardless of blood quantum. By removing the blood quantum requirements in the Stigler Act, native land could remain within families and heirs despite individual Na-tive American landowners falling below 
1⁄2 blood quantum. Tribes are sovereign nations and H.R. 2606 would treat them as such. This bill would cre-ate parity in federal law so that the govern-ment would not be able to unfairly dictate a minimum blood quantum requirement for cer-tain tribes. It would also bring equality to members of the Five Tribes. For decades, their members have lived under a law so that applied to only their lands. As Native Americans, we take great pride in our heritage and the land that our ancestors maintained before us. The Stigler Act Amend-ments of 2018 would allow Natives to pass on their restricted land to future generations who may not meet the 
1⁄2blood degree require-ment. Members of the Five Tribes who seek to carry on their ancestors’ heritage should be able to and this legislation ensures that mem-bers of the Five Tribes can continue to pre-serve restricted status of their land and reap all of the benefits that come along with it. The Five Tribes held more than 15 million acres of restricted land a century ago. Today, they hold just 380,000 acres. While H.R. 2606 will not reverse 70 years of land loss, it will certainly help prevent addi-tional tribal land from falling out of restricted status. I am proud to be an original cosponsor of the Stigler Act Amendments of 2018 and am honored to speak in support of the legislation before the United States House of Represent-atives today. I urge its passage. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Montana (Mr. G
IANFORTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2606, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
9/11 MEMORIAL ACT Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6287) to provide competitive grants for the operation, security, and maintenance of certain memorials to victims of the terrorist attacks of Sep-tember 11, 2001, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6287 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘9/11 Memo-rial Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) C
OVERED MEMORIAL .—The term ‘‘covered memorial’’ means a memorial located in the United States established to commemorate the events of, and honor the victims of, the terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center, the Pentagon, and United Airlines Flight 93 on September 11, 2001, at the site of the at-tacks. (2) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘‘eligible entity’’ means the official organization, as in existence on the date of enactment of this Act— (A) the focus of which is the operations and preservation of a covered memorial; and (B) which is an organization described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from taxation under 501(a) of that Code. (3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. 
SEC. 3. COMPETITIVE GRANTS FOR COVERED ME-MORIALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to the avail-ability of appropriations, the Secretary shall award to eligible entities competitive grants of varying amounts, as determined by the Secretary, to be used by the eligible entity solely for the purposes described in sub-section (b). (b) P
URPOSES .—A grant awarded under sub-section (a) shall be used by an eligible entity for the operation, security, and maintenance of a covered memorial. (c) D
EADLINE FOR AWARD .—If the Sec-retary, after review of an application from an eligible entity, determines to award a grant to the eligible entity, the Secretary shall award the grant not later than 60 days after the date of receipt of the completed ap-plication. (d) A
VAILABILITY .—Grant funds made avail-able under this section shall remain avail-able until expended. (e) C
RITERIA .—In awarding grants under this section, the Secretary shall give great-est weight in the selection of eligible enti-ties using the following criteria: (1) The needs of the eligible entity, and ability and commitment of the eligible enti-ty to use grant funds, with respect to ensur-ing the security and safety of visitors of the covered memorial. (2) The ability of the eligible entity to match the amount of the grant, on at least a 1-to-1 basis, with non-Federal assets from non-Federal sources, including cash or dura-ble goods and materials fairly valued, as de-termined by the Secretary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.051 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8137 September 12, 2018 
(3) The greatest number of visitors that would benefit. (4) The ability and commitment of an eligi-ble entity to use grant funds— (A) to preserve the grounds at the covered memorial; and (B) to educate future generations. (5) The ability and commitment of an eligi-ble entity to use grant funds to increase the numbers of economically disadvantaged visi-tors to the covered memorial. (f) L
IMITATION .—No grant shall be awarded under this section— (1) for use at a covered memorial that does not provide for— (A) free admission to all facilities and mu-seums associated with the covered memorial for active and retired members of the mili-tary, registered first responders to the at-tacks of September 11, 2001, and family mem-bers of victims of the attacks of September 11, 2001; and (B) dedicated free admission hours for the general public at least once a week; or (2) to an eligible entity that does not allow for annual Federal audits of the financial statements of the eligible entity, including revenues associated with ticket sales, chari-table donations, grants, and all expenditures on salaries and operations, which shall be subject to review by the Secretary and made available to the public. (g) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 90 days after the end of each calendar year for which an eligible entity obligates or expends any amounts made available under a grant under this section, the eligible entity shall submit to the Secretary and the appropriate com-mittees of Congress a report that— (1) specifies the amount of grant funds ob-ligated or expended for the preceding fiscal year; (2) specifies any purposes for which the funds were obligated or expended; and (3) includes any other information that the Secretary may require to more effectively administer the grant program under this sec-tion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Montana (Mr. G
IANFORTE ) and the gen-tlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. T
SONGAS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Montana. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Montana? There was no objection. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 6287, offered by Congressman T
OMMACARTHUR of New Jersey, honors and memorializes the victims and heroes of September 11, 2001. The bill authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to award grants through a competitive process to nonprofit orga-nizations for the operation and mainte-nance of memorials to commemorate the events and honor the victims of the terrorist attacks on 9/11. It has been 17 years since that dark day in American history. The National September 11th Memorial in New York City, the National 9/11 Pentagon Me-morial just across the Potomac River in Virginia, and the Flight 93 National Memorial near Shanksville, Pennsyl-vania, stand as solemn tributes and re-membrances to the thousands of vic-tims of those attacks. H.R. 6287 authorizes a competitive grant program for operation, security, and maintenance of these memorials. Throughout our Nation’s history, Congress has stepped forward to au-thorize operating funds in public-pri-vate partnership with nongovern-mental organizations for memorials and museums of national significance. Like congressional authorizations of the Oklahoma City National Memorial and Museum, the United States Holo-caust Memorial Museum, and the Ken-nedy Center, a Federal authorization for grants in support of 9/11 memorials at the sites of the attacks will help to operate and maintain these sites of na-tional remembrance and reflection. We should always remember and for-ever honor those who lost their lives on that fateful day. Mr. Speaker, again, I thank Rep-resentative MACARTHUR for his work on this bill. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. b1630 Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New York (Mr. N
AD-
LER). Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, 17 years ago, two planes crashed into the World Trade Center in my district, killing thousands of peo-ple. A third plane slammed into the Pentagon, and a fourth plane, likely destined for the very Capitol complex in which we now stand, was brought down by a group of courageous pas-sengers in a field in Shanksville, Penn-sylvania. As I do today, I represented Ground Zero on September 11, 2001. I was at the World Trade Center 4 hours after the towers fell. The scene was horrible: fire, smoke, debris, human remains, and twisted metal created an apoca-lyptic scene. Dust and debris filled the air, but even in that moment of deep despair and overwhelming horror, I saw signs of hope. Firefighters, police, and emergency medical technicians traveled to Lower Manhattan from around the country. Steel workers, construction workers, and hundreds of other men and women rushed to the pile to help. As the last fires were extinguished, 99 days after the attack, and the last pieces of metal were removed from Ground Zero, those feelings of hope, perseverance, and soli-darity remained. In the years since the attacks, I have been grateful and inspired by how Con-gress has come together to help rebuild New York, and I have worked with my colleagues to support the responders, survivors, and families of the victims. In 2010, Congress passed, and in 2015 reauthorized, the James Zadroga 9/11 Health and Compensation Act. More than 88,000 9/11 responders and sur-vivors have enrolled in the program to receive healthcare and support for 9/11- related illnesses. The law has also pro-vided over $4.3 billion in compensation to responders and survivors through the Victim Compensation Fund, a pro-gram that Congress will have to reau-thorize in the coming years. In addition to making our responders and survivors whole, Congress invested millions of dollars to help rebuild Lower Manhattan. One World Trade Center now fills the hole left in our skyline when the towers fell, and busi-nesses shattered after the attack are reopened and thriving. In what was once the shadow of the towers, there now stands a comprehensive museum dedicated to sharing stories of Sep-tember 11th and the bravery of those who risked everything to protect their fellow Americans that day. In place of the smoking hole I saw day after day in Lower Manhattan, there now sits a somber and inspiring memorial. It is a site of remembrance and hope; a place for every American to come and reflect on what happened that September morning, and to renew our promise, never to forget the events of that day. It is the national memorial for a na-tional tragedy. Similarly, memorials built at the Pentagon and in Shanksville, Pennsylvania, provide places to remember and reflect, solemn reminders of the tragedy and bravery we saw on September 11th. That is why I am pleased to cosponsor legislation introduced by my colleague from New Jersey which will create a competitive grant program to provide Federal sup-port for security operations and main-tenance for 9/11 memorials. This legislation will help ensure the memorials continue to provide sacred and inspiring spots, accessible to mil-lions of visitors for generations to come. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the bipar-tisan support of the members of the Natural Resources Committee and the House leadership for bringing the bill to the floor today. I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and to achieve our shared goal of providing a memorial that allows our Nation to mourn, to re-flect, and to renew our promises never to forget September 11th. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. M
ACARTHUR ). Mr. M
ACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Montana for yielding and for his work on the com-mittee. As my colleague from New York has just said, this has been a bi-partisan effort, and I appreciate that. It is bipartisan in the Senate, as well. Seventeen years ago yesterday, our world changed forever. Every one of us 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE7.023 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8138 September 12, 2018 
remembers where we were that day. It is getting harder to remember life be-fore 9/11. We have a whole generation that doesn’t know what it is like to go to an airport and not take off their shoes, or not sit on board a plane and wonder if somebody is meaning them harm. I was working in New York City in 2001, right up the block from the Trade Center, and on that terrible, sunny Tuesday when terrorists flew two planes into the New York World Trade Center, we lost nearly 3,000 of our fel-low citizens. Like others, I lost people who I knew. Some lost those dearest to them: their husbands, their wives, their mothers and fathers, their sons and daughters, brothers and sisters, and close friends. We were also moved that day by sto-ries of heroism, and we all watched as New York’s finest and first responders from elsewhere in the region ran to-ward danger, not away from it. In the months that followed, I had to take the ferry to New York each morn-ing because the tunnel was closed. And I think it seared on my memory for life the look and the smell of going past Lower Manhattan and seeing the rub-ble still smoldering and smelling the electrical fires still burning. Mr. Speaker, 10 years later to the day, on 9/11/2011, the memorial at the World Trade Center opened. It was erected to remember those who fell; to recognize the endurance of the sur-vivors; to honor the bravery of those who risked their lives to save others; and above all, to remember the power of our free Nation to overcome evil with good. It stands as a reminder to every gen-eration: Never forget. Never falter. Mr. Speaker, most Americans prob-ably don’t know that that memorial was erected with donations from pri-vate citizens, and it has continued for 7 years now with donations from pri-vate citizens. I commend them for their good work. But it is now our turn, the United States Congress, to do our part to pre-serve and protect this hallowed ground, and to answer this national tragedy with national support. I introduced this bill to start a process for providing funding for this memorial and other memorials of what happened on 9/11, and it will provide, ultimately, funding for security, for maintenance, for oper-ations, and still allow those who run the museum there and who have poured their hearts and souls into this, to con-tinue to do that. I commend the private citizens for doing what they have done, but it is now our solemn duty to not only honor the fallen, but make sure that we pro-tect the living, and that this site is a safe place for people to go and to re-member. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of the 9/ 11 Memorial Act. Again, I want to thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for coming together to intro-duce and, hopefully, pass this bill today. I want to thank my colleague in the Senate, C
ORY BOOKER , for introducing similar legislation so that we can do our part to honor those who fell. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AYNE ), my colleague. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentlewoman from Massachusetts for giving me the oppor-tunity to speak on what we all consider a national tragedy, but are trying to do something here that will help us re-member those lost on that fateful day. Yesterday morning, like many of my colleagues, I was back in my district to reflect on the tragic events of Sep-tember 11, 2001. My district borders on New York City. Across the river, I can see the World Trade Center building from my district office. Every single day thousands of my constituents trav-el to and from New York City for work. The 9/11 attacks were deeply personal for New Jersey’s 10th Congressional District, as we lost 57 residents from my home county in which I live in Newark, New Jersey, the County of Essex, and we have erected a beautiful memorial in Essex County at Eagle Rock Reservation, which is a moun-taintop where you can see over into New York City, where many people ventured to see what had happened on that fateful day. And so it has become a beautiful me-morial there at Eagle Rock Reserva-tion, and it is a pristine, beautiful sym-bol of never forgetting. The names of all of the people who perished that day are printed on a marble wall that over-looks New York. H.R. 6287 will ensure that ‘‘never again’’ is more than a slogan. It will help protect memorials in my district and across the country for future gen-erations. The men and women who lost their lives on 9/11 and in the aftermath of the attacks are American heroes. I am proud to support this bill which will make sure that the memorials to those heroes are preserved for future genera-tions. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. S
UOZZI ), my colleague. Mr. SUOZZI. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative T
SONGAS and my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle for rising in support of this bill. Yesterday, on September 11th, in small towns and large cities and coun-try fields, Americans paused to remem-ber September 11th. I think there are two goals to each of these ceremonies, including the ones I participated in. First, is to remember all those who have suffered so much because of the September 11th attacks; and second, is to rededicate ourselves to the promise that is America. Those who have suffered so much; those who were killed that day; the families that have been affected by it; and all those who responded and worked on that pile that was so huge. We saw the pictures on the front of the newspaper. I went there the day after-wards. The pile was massive. It looked like little ants, the firefighters and po-lice officers and EMS personnel, that were crawling through the debris—it was so gigantic—and the acrid smell that was there. And every day we hear about other first responders who are dying of can-cer related to 9/11 illnesses. We can never forget those who suffered that day and the people who worked so hard for months after that. And second, we need to rededicate ourselves to the promise of America that the terrorists tried to take away from us. This bill is an example of Democrats and Republicans working together to try and commemorate these brave souls. We need to remember that those who have gone off to foreign lands and have died on our behalf, have done so for freedom and democracy. Freedom and democracy is nothing more than politics and government, and our politics and government have become too small, too petty, and too cynical. These are big issues that are life-and-death issues and we need to raise up the conversation in this coun-try. This bill is an example of working to-gether to provide money so that people will continue to go to these facilities to remember the suffering that has been visited upon us, and to rededicate ourselves to the promise of America. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Each year, we take time on this som-ber anniversary to mourn and remem-ber those lost, and to honor and pay tribute to the extraordinary heroism displayed by firefighters, first respond-ers, and ordinary citizens whose service and sacrifice prevented the loss of life from being even greater, and who con-tinued to serve and protect our com-munities every day. We express our sin-cere gratitude to those serving over-seas on our behalf. The 9/11 Memorial & Museum at the World Trade Center provides our Na-tion a place of reflection and remem-brance, not only for the September 11, 2001, attacks, but for an earlier attack at the World Trade Center in 1993 as well. I want to thank and commend the 9/ 11 Memorial Foundation for the work it has done since 2003 to bring the me-morial and museum to fruition. This is an impressive and moving site in down-town Manhattan that will educate mil-lions of visitors from all over the world for years to come. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Rep-resentative M
ACARTHUR and Represent-ative N
ADLER for bringing forward the legislation before us today, which would designate the memorial and mu-seum as a national memorial and pro-vide a grant to the Department of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.055 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8139 September 12, 2018 
Interior for some of the resources need-ed to interpret the stories of that fate-ful day. Mr. Speaker, I support passage of this legislation. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes,’’ and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Montana (Mr. G
IANFORTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6287, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
b1645 EVERY KID OUTDOORS ACT Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3186) to establish an Every Kid Outdoors program, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3186 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Every Kid Out-doors Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) F
EDERAL LAND AND WATERS .—The term ‘‘Federal land and waters’’ means any Federal land or body of water under the jurisdiction of any of the Secretaries to which the public has access. (2) P
ROGRAM .—The term ‘‘program’’ means the Every Kid Outdoors program established under section 3(a). (3) S
ECRETARIES .—The term ‘‘Secretaries’’ means— (A) the Secretary of the Interior, acting through— (i) the Director of the National Park Service; (ii) the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service; (iii) the Director of the Bureau of Land Man-agement; and (iv) the Commissioner of Reclamation; (B) the Secretary of Agriculture, acting through the Chief of the Forest Service; (C) the Secretary of Commerce, acting through the Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration; and (D) the Secretary of the Army, acting through the Chief of Engineers of the Corps of Engi-neers. (4) S
TATE.—The term ‘‘State’’ means each of the several States, the District of Columbia, American Samoa, Guam, the Northern Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands of the United States, and any other territory or posses-sion of the United States. (5) S
TUDENT OR STUDENTS .—The term ‘‘stu-dent’’ or ‘‘students’’ means any fourth grader or home-schooled learner 10 years of age residing in the United States, including any territory or possession of the United States. 
SEC. 3. EVERY KID OUTDOORS PROGRAM. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretaries shall jointly establish a program, to be known as the ‘‘Every Kid Outdoors program’’, to provide free access to Federal land and waters for students and accompanying individuals in accordance with this section. (b) ANNUAL PASSES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—At the request of a student, the Secretaries shall issue a pass to the student, which allows access to Federal lands and waters for which access is subject to an entrance, standard amenity, or day use fee, free of charge for the student and— (A) in the case of a per-vehicle fee area— (i) any passengers accompanying the student in a private, noncommercial vehicle; or (ii) not more than 3 adults accompanying the student on bicycles; or (B) in the case of a per-person fee area, not more than 3 adults accompanying the student. (2) T
ERM.—A pass described in paragraph (1) shall be effective during the period beginning on September 1 and ending on August 31 of the fol-lowing year. (3) P
RESENCE OF A STUDENT IN GRADE FOUR  
REQUIRED .—A pass described in paragraph (1) shall be effective only if the student to which the pass was issued is present at the point of entry to the applicable Federal land or water. (c) O
THER ACTIVITIES .—In carrying out the program, the Secretaries— (1) may collaborate with State Park systems that opt to implement a complementary Every Kid Outdoors State park pass; (2) may coordinate with the Secretary of Edu-cation to implement the program; (3) shall maintain a publicly available website with information about the program; (4) may provide visitor services for the pro-gram; and (5) may support approved partners of the Fed-eral land and waters by providing the partners with opportunities to participate in the pro-gram. (d) R
EPORTS .—The Secretary of the Interior, in coordination with each Secretary, shall pre-pare a comprehensive report to Congress each year describing— (1) the implementation of the program; (2) the number and geographical distribution of students who participated in the program; and (3) the number of passes described in sub-section (b)(1) that were distributed. (e) S
UNSET .—The authorities provided in this Act, including the reporting requirement, shall expire on the date that is seven years after the date of enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Montana (Mr. G
IANFORTE ) and the gen-tlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. T
SONGAS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Montana. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Montana? There was no objection. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. The Every Kid in a Park program launched in 2015 as part of the National Park Service’s centennial anniversary to encourage the next generation of park visitors. The program offers fourth graders and their families free entrance to our national parks. To date, Every Kid in a Park has enabled more than 350,000 fourth graders to use our national parks and public lands as outdoor classrooms. I have personally seen the positive impacts visiting na-tional parks, historic sites, and recre-ation areas can have on young people in my home State of Montana. Special places like Glacier National Park, Little Bighorn Battlefield Na-tional Monument, Bighorn Canyon Na-tional Recreation Area, and the Upper Missouri River Breaks National Monu-ment will be more accessible to fourth graders from all over the country with the passage of this bill. H.R. 3186 codifies this program by di-recting seven agencies to jointly estab-lish the Every Kid Outdoors program to provide any fourth grader in the U.S. with a pass to gain free access to Federal lands and waters. This includes the National Park Service, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, the Bureau of Land Management, the Bureau of Reclamation, the U.S. Forest Service, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , Washington, DC, June 14, 2018. Hon. R
OBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN BISHOP : Thank you for the opportunity to review the relevant provi-sions of the text of H.R. 3186, the Every Kid Outdoors Act, which was favorably reported out of your Committee on May 16, 2018. As you are aware, the bill was primarily re-ferred to the Committee on Natural Re-sources, while the Agriculture Committee received an additional referral. I recognize and appreciate your desire to bring this legislation before the House in an expeditious manner. Accordingly, I agree to discharge H.R. 3186 from further consider-ation by the Committee on Agriculture. I do so with the understanding that by dis-charging the bill, the Committee on Agri-culture does not waive any future jurisdic-tional claim on this or similar matters. Fur-ther, the Committee on Agriculture reserves the right to seek the appointment of con-ferees, if it should become necessary. I ask that you insert a copy of our ex-change of letters into the Congressional Record during consideration of this measure on the House floor. Thank you for your courtesy in this mat-ter and I look forward to continued coopera-tion between our respective committees. Sincerely, K. M
ICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES , Washington, DC, August 1, 2018. H
ON. K. M ICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman, Committee on Agriculture, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : On May 16, 2018, the Committee on Natural Resources ordered fa-vorably reported H.R. 3186, the Every Kid Outdoors Act. This bill was additionally re-ferred to the Committee on Agriculture. I thank you for allowing the Committee on Agriculture to be discharged from further consideration of the bill so that it may be scheduled by the Majority Leader. This dis-charge in no way affects your jurisdiction 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.057 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8140 September 12, 2018 
over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future refer-rals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support your re-quest to have the Committee on Agriculture represented on the conference committee. Finally, I would be pleased to include this letter and your response in the bill report and in the Congressional Record. Thank you for your response and coopera-tion. I look forward to further opportunities to work with you this Congress. Sincerely, R
OBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources. 
COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  I
NFRASTRUCTURE , HOUSE OF REP-
RESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, July 19, 2018. Hon. R
OBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN BISHOP : I write concerning H.R. 3186, the Every Kid Outdoors Act. This legislation includes matters that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. In order to expedite Floor consideration of H.R. 3186, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure will forgo action on this bill. However, this is conditional on our mu-tual understanding that forgoing consider-ation of the bill does not prejudice the Com-mittee with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation that fall within the Committee’s Rule X jurisdiction. I appre-ciate you working with us on the base text of the bill and request you urge the Speaker to name members of the Committee to any con-ference committee named to consider such provisions. Please place a copy of this letter and your response acknowledging our jurisdictional interest in the Congressional Record during House Floor consideration of the bill. I look forward to working with the Committee on Natural Resources as the bill moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, B
ILLSHUSTER , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES , Washington, DC, August 1, 2018. Hon. B
ILLSHUSTER , Chairman, Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Washington, DC, D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : On May 16, 2018, the Committee on Natural Resources ordered fa-vorably reported H.R. 3186, the Every Kid Outdoors Act. This bill was additionally re-ferred to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. I thank you for allowing the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure to be dis-charged from further consideration of the bill so that it may be scheduled by the Ma-jority Leader. This discharge in no way af-fects your jurisdiction over the subject mat-ter of the bill, and it will not serve as prece-dent for future referrals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure rep-resented on the conference committee. Fi-nally, I would be pleased to include this let-ter and your response in the bill report and in the Congressional Record. Thank you for your response and coopera-tion. I look forward to further opportunities to work with you this Congress. Sincerely, R
OBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 3186, the Every Kid Outdoors Act, which I was proud to introduce with my colleague Rep-resentative T
IPTON , and Representa-tives S
TEFANIK and D EGETTE . The idea that there should be na-tional public lands that belong to and are managed on behalf of the American people is a value that dates back to the founding of our country and is embed-ded in our Constitution. Our Nation’s public lands protect, celebrate, and give access to the many places that have shaped and defined who we are as Americans. Places like the Grand Canyon, Yel-lowstone, Ellis Island, and, in my own district, Minute Man National Histor-ical Park, which commemorates the shot heard ’round the world, and Low-ell National Historical Park, the first urban national park of its kind, which commemorates and protects the role that the city played in spawning our country’s industrial revolution. H.R. 3186 provides America’s fourth graders and their families free en-trance to all of our treasured national parks, historic sites, wildlife refuges, and other federally managed lands and waters, more than 2,000 sites in all. This will encourage a new and more di-verse generation to learn about our country’s national and historic treas-ures and fall in love with our public lands and great outdoors. As documented by the Congressional Budget Office, the legislation codifies an existing program and will, there-fore, result in no additional cost to the Federal Government. In addition to providing free entrance to our public lands, the Every Kid Out-doors Act will also strengthen partner-ships between our Federal land man-agement agencies, schools, nonprofits, and private-sector businesses to sup-port outdoor education programming and recreation opportunities for our country’s young people. I have seen the value of these part-nerships firsthand and the impact they can have on our young people. In 2015, I had the opportunity, at Minute Man National Historical Park, to present fourth grade students from one of the larger cities in my district with their very own park pass. I will never forget their excitement at this opportunity. For many of them, it was the first time they had ever visited a national park, but I am confident it won’t be their last. I thank Mr. T
IPTON for his work with me on this bipartisan legislation and Chairman B
ISHOP for his support in committee and bringing it to the floor. The Every Kid Outdoors Act will en-courage a new and more diverse gen-eration to learn about our country’s natural and historic treasures and fall in love with our public lands and great outdoors. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes,’’ and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3186, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
PERMISSION TO FILE CONFERENCE REPORTS Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that managers on the part of the House have until mid-night on Friday, September 14, 2018, to file conference reports. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. 
f 
RECONSTRUCTION ERA NATIONAL HISTORICAL PARK ACT Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5532) to redesignate the Re-construction Era National Monument as the Reconstruction Era National Historical Park, and for other pur-poses, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5532 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Reconstruction Era National Historical Park Act’’. 
SEC. 2. RECONSTRUCTION ERA NATIONAL HIS-TORICAL PARK. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) H
ISTORICAL PARK .—The term ‘‘historical park’’ means the Reconstruction Era National Historical Park. (2) M
AP.—The term ‘‘map’’ means the maps entitled ‘‘Reconstruction Era National Monu-ment Old Beaufort Firehouse,’’ numbered 550/ 135,755 and dated January 2017; ‘‘Reconstruc-tion Era National Monument Darrah Hall and Brick Baptist Church,’’ numbered 550/135,756 and dated January 2017; and ‘‘Reconstruction Era National Monument Camp Saxton,’’ num-bered 550/135,757 and dated January 2017, collec-tively. (3) N
ETWORK .—The term ‘‘Network’’ means the Reconstruction Era National Historic Net-work established pursuant to this Act. (4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (b) E
STABLISHMENT .— (1) R
EDESIGNATION OF RECONSTRUCTION ERA  
NATIONAL MONUMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Reconstruction Era Na-tional Monument is redesignated as the Recon-struction Era National Historical Park, as gen-erally depicted on the map. (B) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Any funds available for the purposes of the Reconstruction Era National Monument shall be available for the purposes of the historical park. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A12SE7.027 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8141 September 12, 2018 
(C) R EFERENCES .—Any references in a law, regulation, document, record, map, or other paper of the United States to the Reconstruction Era National Monument shall be considered to be a reference to the historical park. (2) B
OUNDARY EXPANSION .— (A) B
EAUFORT NATIONAL HISTORIC LANDMARK  
DISTRICT .—Subject to subparagraph (D), the Secretary is authorized to acquire land or inter-ests in land within the Beaufort National His-toric Landmark District that has historic con-nection to the Reconstruction Era. Upon final-izing an agreement to acquire land, the Sec-retary shall expand the boundary of the histor-ical park to encompass the property. (B) S
T. HELENA ISLAND .—Subject to subpara-graph (D), the Secretary is authorized to ac-quire the following and shall expand the bound-ary of the historical park to include acquisitions under this authority: (i) Land and interests in land adjacent to the existing boundary on St. Helena Island, South Carolina, as reflected on the map. (ii) Land or interests in land on St. Helena Is-land, South Carolina, that has a historic con-nection to the Reconstruction Era. (C) C
AMP SAXTON .—Subject to subparagraph (D), the Secretary is authorized to accept ad-ministrative jurisdiction of Federal land or in-terests in Federal land adjacent to the existing boundary at Camp Saxton, as reflected on the map. Upon finalizing an agreement to accept administrative jurisdiction of Federal land or interests in Federal land, the Secretary shall ex-pand the boundary of the historical park to en-compass that Federal land or interests in Fed-eral land. (D) L
AND ACQUISITION AUTHORITY .—The Sec- retary may only acquire land under this Act by donation, exchange or purchase with donated funds. (c) A
DMINISTRATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall admin-ister the historical park in accordance with this Act and with the laws generally applicable to units of the National Park System. (2) M
ANAGEMENT PLAN .—If the management plan for the Reconstruction Era National Monu-ment— (A) has not been completed on or before the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall incorporate all provisions of this Act into the planning process and complete a manage-ment plan for the historical park within 3 years; and (B) has been completed on or before the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall up-date the plan incorporating the provisions of this Act. 
SEC. 3. RECONSTRUCTION ERA NATIONAL HIS-TORIC NETWORK. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall— (1) establish, within the National Park Serv-ice, a program to be known as the ‘‘Reconstruc-tion Era National Historic Network’’; (2) not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, solicit proposals from sites interested in being a part of the Network; and (3) administer the Network through the Re-construction Era National Historical Park. (b) D
UTIES OF SECRETARY .—In carrying out the Network, the Secretary shall— (1) review studies and reports to complement and not duplicate studies of the historical im-portance of Reconstruction Era that may be un-derway or completed, such as the National Park Service Reconstruction Handbook and the Na-tional Park Service Theme Study on Reconstruc-tion; (2) produce and disseminate appropriate edu-cational and promotional materials relating to the Reconstruction Era and the sites in the net-work, such as handbooks, maps, interpretive guides, or electronic information; (3) enter into appropriate cooperative agree-ments and memoranda of understanding to pro-vide technical assistance; (4)(A) create and adopt an official, uniform symbol or device for the Network; and (B) issue regulations for the use of the symbol or device adopted under subparagraph (A); and (5) conduct research relating to Reconstruc-tion and the Reconstruction Era. (c) ELEMENTS .—The Network shall encompass the following elements— (1) all units and programs of the National Park Service that are determined by the Sec-retary to relate to the Reconstruction Era; (2) other Federal, State, local, and privately owned properties that the Secretary deter-mines— (A) relate to the Reconstruction Era; and (B) are included in, or determined by the Sec-retary to be eligible for inclusion in, the Na-tional Register of Historic Places; and (3) other governmental and nongovernmental sites, facilities, and programs of an educational, research, or interpretive nature that are directly related to the Reconstruction Era. (d) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS AND MEMO-
RANDA OF UNDERSTANDING .—To achieve the pur-poses of this Act and to ensure effective coordi-nation of the Federal and non-Federal elements of the Network and units and programs of the National Park Service, the Secretary may enter into cooperative agreements and memoranda of understanding with, and provide technical as-sistance to, the heads of other Federal agencies, States, units of local government, regional gov-ernmental bodies, and private entities. (e) N
ETWORK DEFINED .—The term ‘‘Network’’ means the Reconstruction Era National Historic Network established pursuant to this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Montana (Mr. G
IANFORTE ) and the gen-tlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. T
SONGAS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Montana. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Montana? There was no objection. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. The Reconstruction era that followed the Civil War was a time of significant transformation for the United States. Reconstruction addressed how the 11 States that had left the Union would be reestablished in Congress, as well as how the civil rights and integration into a free society of 4 million formerly enslaved individuals could be secured. The Reconstruction Era National Monument was established by Presi-dential declaration in January 2017 as a unit of the National Park Service. It is located in Beaufort County, South Carolina, an area that has been called the birthplace of Reconstruction. In and around this area, some of the first African Americans enlisted as sol-diers and founded the first African American schools and hospitals during Reconstruction. This was also the home of Robert Smalls, a former slave who became a political leader, serving on two State constitutional conventions: in the State legislature and, ultimately, the U.S. Congress. H.R. 5532 redesignates Reconstruc-tion Era National Monument as the Reconstruction Era National Historical Park and authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to expand the park bound-ary. The bill also establishes the Re-construction Era National Historic Network, which will connect similar sites across the country to promote education and preservation efforts. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. CLYBURN ), my esteemed colleague. Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative T
SONGAS for managing this bill, and I thank Mr. G
IANFORTE  for appearing here on the floor today. I also thank Chairman B
ISHOP and Ranking Member G
RIJALVA for their support of this legislation in the Nat-ural Resources Committee. I also thank Congressman M
ARKSAN-
FORD , who is a cosponsor of this bill, but remains in Charleston this evening for obvious reasons. I pray God’s bless-ing upon him, his constituents, mine, and all others who find themselves in the path of this horrific hurricane. Mr. Speaker, throughout my tenure in this august body, I have worked to preserve and protect our Nation’s most treasured historical sites and institu-tions. Reconstruction, a period which lasted a little more than 13 years, is a crucial period in American history. Al-though it ended March 17, 1877, we tend to apply the label ‘‘Reconstruction era’’ to the latter four decades of the 19th century. It was during those years that African Americans across the South began their freedom from slav-ery, gained citizenship, and enjoyed equal protection of the laws and the right to vote under the 13th, 14th, and 15th Amendments to the Constitution. Some of the oldest and best preserved sites from the Reconstruction era are located in Beaufort County, South Carolina. Brick Baptist Church and Penn Center on St. Helena Island were the site of the original Penn School, founded in 1862 by Quaker missionaries to educate newly freed slaves, the first such school established in the South. Camp Saxton in Port Royal was a Union Army camp where, on January 1, 1863, Union General Rufus Saxton read President Lincoln’s Emancipation Proclamation to thousands of slaves who had gathered to celebrate their new freedom. The camp was also the site where the First South Carolina Volunteers were assembled, the first official Black regiment of the United States Army. With overwhelming support from their communities and local elected leadership, these sites and a visitors center in downtown Beaufort were des-ignated Reconstruction Era National Monument by President Obama in Jan-uary of 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE7.026 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8142 September 12, 2018 
The bill under consideration today will do three things: First, redesignate the national monu-ment as the Reconstruction Era Na-tional Historical Park; Second, provide for possible boundary expansions within the Beaufort Na-tional Historic Landmark District and on St. Helena Island; and Third, establish the Reconstruction Era National Historic Network. As a national park is the highest level of protection and prestige our government can bestow, I believe pass-ing this legislation will send a powerful message regarding the significance of these Reconstruction sites. Having served previously as the spon-sor of the legislation redesignating the Congaree Swamp National Monument as the Congaree National Park, I can attest that the rebranding of the park resulted in an increase in annual visi-tors of almost 20 percent, a significant economic impact to rural South Caro-lina. Congress has, in recent years, redes-ignated both the Martin Luther King, Jr. National Historic Site and the Har-riet Tubman Underground Railroad Na-tional Monument as national historical parks, two sites with similar historical significance but focus on much dif-ferent aspects of American history. Of course, the sites currently in-cluded in the national monument are not the only significant Reconstruc-tion sites worthy of preservation. This legislation would allow for expansion of the boundary near the existing monument. Several very significant Reconstruction sites in the area were considered for inclusion. This bill would allow for expansion with appro-priate agreement between all owners and stakeholders. However, it is not feasible to incor-porate all historic sites from Recon-struction into one national park. The Reconstruction Era National Historic Network would be a program operated by the National Park Service, but sites in the network will be managed by their current owners, whether Federal, State, local, or private. b1700 This concept has been utilized in the National Underground Railroad Net-work to Freedom and the recently en-acted African American Civil Rights Network. When the national monument was under construction, I heard from many communities with sites they thought were worthy of inclusion. With the net-work in place, communities can make their case for Federal recognition and assistance for their significant Recon-struction era sites without the Na-tional Park Service having to take on the obligation of owning or managing the sites. Sites like Mitchelville on Hilton Head Island, which was a self-gov-erning African-American community established during the Civil War, are deserving of Federal recognition. Mitchelville is perfect for the network concept, where the local municipal leadership is moving forward to man-age the site on their own, but would welcome the increased recognition and visibility that inclusion in the network would provide. I often invoke the adage that if we fail to learn the lessons of our history, we are bound to repeat it. Sadly, many of the gains made by African Ameri-cans during the Reconstruction era were lost in the Jim Crow era that fol-lowed. Reconstruction is a story of the triumph of freedom, but it is also a les-son that freedoms are not permanent and can be fleeting, if not protected. Passage of this legislation, helping our Nation preserve, protect, docu-ment, and promote the history of Re-construction, is critical to avoiding past mistakes and guiding our pursuit of a more perfect Union. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, as we know, H.R. 5532 establishes the Recon-struction Era National Historical Park in and around Beaufort, South Caro-lina, to honor, protect, and preserve the historic structures and other re-sources from that chapter in American history. We know how effective that kind of protection can be. Recognizing the importance of high-lighting the resources in Beaufort, President Obama used the Antiquities Act to designate the site as a national monument. This bill is an important follow-up to that original designation. It will en-sure permanent protection and provide steady guidelines for future manage-ment. I want to thank Mr. C
LYBURN for his hard work throughout the initial des-ignation process and the development of this bill. Without his leadership, this project would not have come this far, and he deserves our recognition. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Montana (Mr. G
IANFORTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5532, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
BUREAU OF RECLAMATION TRANSPARENCY ACT Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 660) to require the Secretary of the Interior to submit to Congress a report on the efforts of the Bureau of Reclamation to manage its infrastruc-ture assets. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 660 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Bureau of Reclamation Transparency Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds that— (1) the water resources infrastructure of the Bureau of Reclamation provides impor-tant benefits related to irrigated agri-culture, municipal and industrial water, hy-dropower, flood control, fish and wildlife, and recreation in the 17 Reclamation States; (2) as of 2013, the combined replacement value of the infrastructure assets of the Bu-reau of Reclamation was $94,500,000,000; (3) the majority of the water resources in-frastructure facilities of the Bureau of Rec-lamation are at least 60 years old; (4) the Bureau of Reclamation has pre-viously undertaken efforts to better manage the assets of the Bureau of Reclamation, in-cluding an annual review of asset mainte-nance activities of the Bureau of Reclama-tion known as the ‘‘Asset Management Plan’’; and (5) actionable information on infrastruc-ture conditions at the asset level, including information on maintenance needs at indi-vidual assets due to aging infrastructure, is needed for Congress to conduct oversight of Reclamation facilities and meet the needs of the public. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
SSET.— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘asset’’ means any of the following assets that are used to achieve the mission of the Bureau of Rec-lamation to manage, develop, and protect water and related resources in an environ-mentally and economically sound manner in the interest of the people of the United States: (i) Capitalized facilities, buildings, struc-tures, project features, power production equipment, recreation facilities, or quarters. (ii) Capitalized and noncapitalized heavy equipment and other installed equipment. (B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘asset’’ includes assets described in subparagraph (A) that are considered to be mission critical. (2) A
SSET MANAGEMENT REPORT .—The term ‘‘Asset Management Report’’ means— (A) the annual plan prepared by the Bureau of Reclamation known as the ‘‘Asset Man-agement Plan’’; and (B) any publicly available information re-lating to the plan described in subparagraph (A) that summarizes the efforts of the Bu-reau of Reclamation to evaluate and manage infrastructure assets of the Bureau of Rec-lamation. (3) M
AJOR REPAIR AND REHABILITATION  
NEED .—The term ‘‘major repair and rehabili-tation need’’ means major nonrecurring maintenance at a Reclamation facility, in-cluding maintenance related to the safety of dams, extraordinary maintenance of dams, deferred major maintenance activities, and all other significant repairs and extraor-dinary maintenance. (4) R
ECLAMATION FACILITY .—The term ‘‘Reclamation facility’’ means each of the in-frastructure assets that are owned by the Bureau of Reclamation at a Reclamation project. (5) R
ECLAMATION PROJECT .—The term ‘‘Rec-lamation project’’ means a project that is owned by the Bureau of Reclamation, includ-ing all reserved works and transferred works owned by the Bureau of Reclamation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.063 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8143 September 12, 2018 
(6) R ESERVED WORKS .—The term ‘‘reserved works’’ means buildings, structures, facili-ties, or equipment that are owned by the Bu-reau of Reclamation for which operations and maintenance are performed by employ-ees of the Bureau of Reclamation or through a contract entered into by the Bureau of Reclamation, regardless of the source of funding for the operations and maintenance. (7) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (8) T
RANSFERRED WORKS .—The term ‘‘trans-ferred works’’ means a Reclamation facility at which operations and maintenance of the facility is carried out by a non-Federal enti-ty under the provisions of a formal oper-ations and maintenance transfer contract or other legal agreement with the Bureau of Reclamation. 
SEC. 4. ASSET MANAGEMENT REPORT ENHANCE-MENTS FOR RESERVED WORKS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress an Asset Management Report that— (1) describes the efforts of the Bureau of Reclamation— (A) to maintain in a reliable manner all re-served works at Reclamation facilities; and (B) to standardize and streamline data re-porting and processes across regions and areas for the purpose of maintaining re-served works at Reclamation facilities; and (2) expands on the information otherwise provided in an Asset Management Report, in accordance with subsection (b). (b) I
NFRASTRUCTURE MAINTENANCE NEEDS  A
SSESSMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Asset Management Report submitted under subsection (a) shall include— (A) a detailed assessment of major repair and rehabilitation needs for all reserved works at all Reclamation projects; and (B) to the extent practicable, an itemized list of major repair and rehabilitation needs of individual Reclamation facilities at each Reclamation project. (2) I
NCLUSIONS .—To the extent practicable, the itemized list of major repair and reha-bilitation needs under paragraph (1)(B) shall include— (A) a budget level cost estimate of the ap-propriations needed to complete each item; and (B) an assignment of a categorical rating for each item, consistent with paragraph (3). (3) R
ATING REQUIREMENTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The system for assigning ratings under paragraph (2)(B) shall be— (i) consistent with existing uniform cat-egorization systems to inform the annual budget process and agency requirements; and (ii) subject to the guidance and instruc-tions issued under subparagraph (B). (B) G
UIDANCE .—As soon as practicable after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall issue guidance that describes the applicability of the rating system appli-cable under paragraph (2)(B) to Reclamation facilities. (4) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—Except as pro-vided in paragraph (5), the Secretary shall make publicly available, including on the Internet, the Asset Management Report re-quired under subsection (a). (5) C
ONFIDENTIALITY .—The Secretary may exclude from the public version of the Asset Management Report made available under paragraph (4) any information that the Sec-retary identifies as sensitive or classified, but shall make available to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives a version of the report containing the sensitive or classi-fied information. (c) UPDATES .—Not later than 2 years after the date on which the Asset Management Re-port is submitted under subsection (a) and biennially thereafter, the Secretary shall up-date the Asset Management Report, subject to the requirements of section 5(b)(2). (d) C
ONSULTATION .—To the extent that such consultation would assist the Secretary in preparing the Asset Management Report under subsection (a) and updates to the Asset Management Report under subsection (c), the Secretary shall consult with— (1) the Secretary of the Army (acting through the Chief of Engineers); and (2) water and power contractors. 
SEC. 5. ASSET MANAGEMENT REPORT ENHANCE-MENTS FOR TRANSFERRED WORKS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall co-ordinate with the non-Federal entities re-sponsible for the operation and maintenance of transferred works in developing reporting requirements for Asset Management Reports with respect to major repair and rehabilita-tion needs for transferred works that are similar to the reporting requirements de-scribed in section 4(b). (b) G
UIDANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—After considering input from water and power contractors of the Bu-reau of Reclamation, the Secretary shall de-velop and implement a rating system for transferred works that incorporates, to the maximum extent practicable, the rating sys-tem for major repair and rehabilitation needs for reserved works developed under section 4(b)(3). (2) U
PDATES .—The ratings system devel-oped under paragraph (1) shall be included in the updated Asset Management Reports under section 4(c). 
SEC. 6. OFFSET. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, in the case of the project authorized by section 1617 of the Reclamation Projects Au-thorization and Adjustment Act of 1992 (43 U.S.C. 390h–12c), the maximum amount of the Federal share of the cost of the project under section 1631(d)(1) of that Act (43 U.S.C. 390h–13(d)(1)) otherwise available as of the date of enactment of this Act shall be re-duced by $2,000,000. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P OE of Texas). Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Montana (Mr. G
IANFORTE ) and the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. T
SONGAS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Montana. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent for all Members to have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous materials on the bill under con-sideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Montana? There was no objection. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 660 is bipartisan legislation introduced by Representa-tive P
AULGOSAR of Arizona. For more than a century, the Bureau of Reclamation has transformed the West into a powerhouse that feeds the Nation and the world, and provides re-newable and emissions-free energy for millions. Bureau of Reclamation projects have proven to be critical to the American way of life in the West, and we must ensure their protection for future gen-erations. This means having open and honest discussions about the chal-lenges the Bureau of Reclamation faces maintaining and repairing these projects. To that end, H.R. 660 is a bipartisan bill that requires the Federal Govern-ment to make public in a unified way the estimated cost of repairs for rec-lamation facilities. The American pub-lic has asked for and deserves laws that reflect transparency and open discus-sion. H.R. 660 delivers that. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Arizona for his work on this. I urge adoption, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 660 would improve data collection and reporting on the condition of Bureau of Reclamation in-frastructure. Much of the Bureau of Reclamation’s aging water infrastruc-ture was constructed more than one- half century ago. It is critically important that Con-gress and the public have sufficient in-formation on which facilities are most in need of major repairs, if we are going to properly address our Nation’s water infrastructure needs. H.R. 660 is bipartisan legislation that will help Congress gather the informa-tion we need. I would also like to note for the record that stakeholders have ex-pressed a desire for minor changes to section 6 of this bill, so that there are no unintended consequences for pro-posed water recycling projects. As this bill advances through the legislative process, it will be important to work with the bill sponsor and our Senate colleagues to refine the bill text. Mr. Speaker, I support passage of this legislation, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ). Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Montana for yield-ing me the time. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 660, the Bureau of Rec-lamation Transparency Act. This bicameral, bipartisan legisla-tion increases transparency, consoli-dates multiple reports, and requires the Bureau of Reclamation, the BOR, to do a thorough inventory of its as-sets, as well as prioritize major repairs necessary at the agency’s facilities. This bill has a strong history of bi-partisan support. It was approved unanimously by the Senate in the 113th Congress, with Senators B
ARRASSO and S
CHATZ ushering passage. The previous administration testified in strong sup-port of the bill last Congress. This Congress, the Trump adminis-tration testified in strong support of the Senate bill, which is identical to the House bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE7.029 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8144 September 12, 2018 
The bill has five Democratic cospon-sors and 15 Republican cosponsors. The bill passed the House Committee on Natural Resources by unanimous con-sent. Senator B
ARRASSO and Senator S
CHATZ are again spearheading the Senate companion, and the Senate bill has passed the Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. For more than a century, the Bureau of Reclamation has transformed the West into a powerhouse that feeds the Nation and the world while also pro-viding renewable, emissions-free en-ergy for millions of Americans. BOR provides essential services that benefit water and power users, as well as our Nation’s farmers. The agency delivers water to more than 30 million people and provides one in five Western farmers with water to irrigate their crops. The BOR’s assets include more than 476 dams and dikes, and the agency is also responsible for the operations of 53 different hydroelectric power plants. This legislation is timely and nec-essary. The Bureau of Reclamation was established in 1902, and much of the agency’s now-aging infrastructure was built more than 50 years ago. Many of the facilities operated by the BOR are in desperate need of repairs, to the tune of several billion dollars. This bill requires the Federal Gov-ernment make public the estimated cost of repairs for reclamation facili-ties. For years, Congress and water users throughout the country have asked for such information, only to be rebuffed time and again. Taxpayers deserve accountability from their government and oversight on how it spends their money. Sun-shine on expenditures and increased transparency is good for any Federal bureaucracy or agency. The Bureau of Reclamation Trans-parency Act requires a cost estimate and a detailed list of major repairs for BOR facilities. Such actions will allow for meaningful steps to be taken to ad-dress the maintenance backlog, as well as to ensure an abundant supply of clean water and power for future gen-erations. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the com-mittee’s time and work on this bill, and I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of H.R. 660. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Montana (Mr. G
IANFORTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 660. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. AUTHORIZING EARLY REPAYMENT OF OBLIGATIONS TO BUREAU OF RECLAMATION WITHIN NORTHPORT IRRIGATION DIS-TRICT Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4689) to authorize early re-payment of obligations to the Bureau of Reclamation within the Northport Irrigation District in the State of Ne-braska. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 4689 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. EARLY REPAYMENT OF CONSTRUC-TION COSTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 213 of the Reclamation Reform Act of 1982 (43 U.S.C. 390mm), any landowner within the Northport Irrigation District in the State of Nebraska (referred to in this section as the ‘‘District’’) may repay, at any time, the con-struction costs of project facilities allocated to the landowner’s land within the District. (b) A
PPLICABILITY OF FULL-COST PRICING  L
IMITATIONS .—On discharge, in full, of the obligation for repayment of all construction costs described in subsection (a) that are al-located to all land the landowner owns in the District in question, the parcels of land shall not be subject to the ownership and full-cost pricing limitations under Federal reclama-tion law (the Act of June 17, 1902, 32 Stat. 388, chapter 1093), and Acts supplemental to and amendatory of that Act (43 U.S.C. 371 et seq.), including the Reclamation Reform Act of 1982 (13 U.S.C. 390aa et seq.). (c) C
ERTIFICATION .—On request of a land-owner that has repaid, in full, the construc-tion costs described in subsection (a), the Secretary of the Interior shall provide to the landowner a certificate described in section 213(b)(1) of the Reclamation Reform Act of 1982 (43 U.S.C. 390mm(b)(1)). (d) E
FFECT .—Nothing in this section— (1) modifies any contractual rights under, or amends or reopens, the reclamation con-tract between the District and the United States; or (2) modifies any rights, obligations, or re-lationships between the District and land-owners in the District under Nebraska State law. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Montana (Mr. G
IANFORTE ) and the gen-tlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. T
SONGAS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Montana. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Montana? There was no objection. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. S
MITH). Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speak-er, under Federal reclamation law, irri-gation districts that receive water from a Bureau of Reclamation facility typically repay their portion of the capital costs of water projects under long-term contracts. Under its current contract and cur-rent law, Northport Irrigation District is exempt from annual capital repay-ment if their carriage fee exceeds $8,000 per year. Given the carriage fee has greatly exceeded this amount every year since the 1950s, Northport’s cap-ital repayment debt has been stagnant at more than $923,000 since 1952. So long as the debt endures, landowners are subject to burdensome reporting re-quirements and acreage limitations, and no revenue is generated for the Federal Government. I introduced this bill to provide members of the Northport Irrigation District early repayment authority under their dated reclamation con-tract. Allowing producers within the Northport Irrigation District to pay off their portion of the contract means the government will receive funds other-wise uncollected and landowners will be relieved of costly constraints that threaten family-owned operations. For example, at a previous Water, Power and Oceans Subcommittee hear-ing, a member of the Northport district testified that acreage limitations will prohibit parents who own land in the district from passing down or selling farmland to sons and daughters who also own land in the same district. Similar legislation has previously passed under bipartisan majorities and, according to past CBO projections, could generate as much as $440,000 in Federal revenue. This is a very simple bill that would make a big difference to some family farmers in Nebraska. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4689 would author-ize landowners served by the Northport Irrigation District to prepay the re-maining portion of construction costs allocated to them for the North Platte project. In exchange, the landowners who pay will no longer be subject to Federal acreage limitations and other requirements associated with the Rec-lamation Reform Act. Mr. Speaker, we do not object to this legislation, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I want to recognize Mr. SMITH for his work on this bill, and I yield back the remainder of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Montana (Mr. G
IANFORTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4689. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.066 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8145 September 12, 2018 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
b1715 UNITED STATES-ISRAEL SECURITY ASSISTANCE AUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2018 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 2497) to amend the For-eign Assistance Act of 1961 and the Arms Export Control Act to make im-provements to certain defense and se-curity assistance provisions and to au-thorize the appropriations of funds to Israel, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2497 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Ileana Ros-Lehtinen United States- Israel Security Assistance Authorization Act of 2018’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Appropriate congressional commit-tees defined. TITLE I—SECURITY ASSISTANCE FOR ISRAEL Sec. 101. Findings. Sec. 102. Statement of policy regarding Israel’s defense systems. Sec. 103. Assistance for Israel. Sec. 104. Extension of war reserves stockpile authority. Sec. 105. Extension of loan guarantees to Israel. Sec. 106. Transfer of precision guided muni-tions to Israel. Sec. 107. Sense of Congress on rapid acquisi-tion and deployment proce-dures. Sec. 108. Eligibility of Israel for the stra-tegic trade authorization excep-tion to certain export control licensing requirements. TITLE II—ENHANCED UNITED STATES- ISRAEL COOPERATION Sec. 201. United States-Israel space coopera-tion. Sec. 202. United States Agency for Inter-national Development-Israel enhanced partnership for devel-opment cooperation in devel-oping nations. Sec. 203. Authority to enter into a coopera-tive project agreement with Israel to counter unmanned aerial vehicles that threaten the United States or Israel. TITLE III—ENSURING ISRAEL’S QUALITATIVE MILITARY EDGE Sec. 301. Statement of policy. 
SEC. 2. APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT-TEES DEFINED. 
In this Act, the term ‘‘appropriate congres-sional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. TITLE I—SECURITY ASSISTANCE FOR ISRAEL SEC. 101. FINDINGS. 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) In February 1987, the United States granted Israel major non-NATO ally status. (2) On August 16, 2007, the United States and Israel signed a ten-year Memorandum of Understanding on United States military as-sistance to Israel. The total assistance over the course of this understanding would equal $30,000,000,000. (3) On July 27, 2012, the United States- Israel Enhanced Security Cooperation Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–150; 22 U.S.C. 8601 et seq.) declared it to be the policy of the United States ‘‘to help the Government of Israel preserve its qualitative military edge amid rapid and uncertain regional political transformation’’ and stated the sense of Con-gress that the United States Government should ‘‘provide the Government of Israel de-fense articles and defense services through such mechanisms as appropriate, to include air refueling tankers, missile defense capa-bilities, and specialized munitions’’. (4) On December 19, 2014, President Barack Obama signed into law the United States- Israel Strategic Partnership Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–296) which stated the sense of Congress that Israel is a major strategic partner of the United States and declared it to be the policy of the United States ‘‘to con-tinue to provide Israel with robust security assistance, including for the procurement of the Iron Dome Missile Defense System’’. (5) Section 1679 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1135) authorized funds to be appropriated for Israeli cooperative missile defense program codevelopment and coproduction, including funds to be provided to the Government of Israel to procure the David’s Sling weapon system as well as the Arrow 3 Upper Tier Interceptor Program. (6) On September 14, 2016, the United States and Israel signed a ten-year Memo-randum of Understanding reaffirming the importance of continuing annual United States military assistance to Israel and co-operative missile defense programs in a way that enhances Israel’s security and strength-ens the bilateral relationship between the two countries. (7) The 2016 Memorandum of Understanding reflected United States support of Foreign Military Financing (FMF) grant assistance to Israel over the ten year period beginning in fiscal year 2019 and ending in fiscal year 2028. FMF grant assistance would be at a level of $3,300,000,000 annually, totaling $33,000,000,000, the largest single pledge of military assistance ever and a reiteration of the seven-decade, unshakeable, bipartisan commitment of the United States to Israel’s security. (8) The Memorandum of Understanding also reflected United States support for fund-ing for cooperative programs to develop, produce, and procure missile, rocket, and projectile defense capabilities over a ten year period beginning in fiscal year 2019 and ending in fiscal year 2028 at a level of $500,000,000 per year, totaling $5,000,000,000. 
SEC. 102. STATEMENT OF POLICY REGARDING ISRAEL’S DEFENSE SYSTEMS. 
It shall be the policy of the United States to provide assistance to the Government of Israel in order to support funding for cooper-ative programs to develop, produce, and pro-cure missile, rocket, projectile, and other de-fense capabilities to help Israel meet its se-curity needs and to help develop and enhance United States defense capabilities. 
SEC. 103. ASSISTANCE FOR ISRAEL. 
Section 513(c) of the Security Assistance Act of 2000 (Public Law 106–280; 114 Stat. 856) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2002 and 2003’’ and inserting ‘‘2019, 2020, 2021, 2022, 2023, 2024, 2025, 2026, 2027, and 2028’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘equal to—’’ and inserting ‘‘not less than $3,300,000,000.’’; and (B) by striking subparagraphs (A) and (B). SEC. 104. EXTENSION OF WAR RESERVES STOCK-PILE AUTHORITY. 
Section 514(b)(2)(A) of the Foreign Assist-ance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2321h(b)(2)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, and 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2018, 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022, and 2023.’’. 
SEC. 105. EXTENSION OF LOAN GUARANTEES TO ISRAEL. 
Chapter 5 of title I of the Emergency War-time Supplemental Appropriations Act, 2003 (Public Law 108–11; 117 Stat. 576) is amended under the heading ‘‘L
OAN GUARANTEES TO  I
SRAEL ’’— (1) in the matter preceding the first pro-viso, by striking ‘‘September 30, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2023’’; and (2) in the second proviso, by striking ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2023’’. 
SEC. 106. TRANSFER OF PRECISION GUIDED MU-NITIONS TO ISRAEL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 514 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2321h), the President is authorized to transfer such quantities of precision guided munitions from reserve stocks to Israel as necessary for legitimate self-defense and otherwise consistent with the purposes and conditions for such transfers under the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2751 et seq.). (b) C
ERTIFICATIONS .—Except in case of emergency, not later than 5 days before making a transfer under this section, the President shall certify in an unclassified no-tification to the appropriate congressional committees that the transfer of the precision guided munitions— (1) does not affect the ability of the United States to maintain a sufficient supply of pre-cision guided munitions; (2) does not harm the combat readiness of the United States or the ability of the United States to meet its commitment to al-lies for the transfer of such munitions; (3) is necessary for Israel to counter the threat of rockets in a timely fashion; and (4) is in the national security interest of the United States. 
SEC. 107. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON RAPID ACQUI-SITION AND DEPLOYMENT PROCE-DURES. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Presi-dent should prescribe procedures for the rapid acquisition and deployment of preci-sion guided munitions for United States counterterrorism missions, or to assist an ally of the United States, including Israel, that is subject to direct missile threat. 
SEC. 108. ELIGIBILITY OF ISRAEL FOR THE STRA-TEGIC TRADE AUTHORIZATION EX-CEPTION TO CERTAIN EXPORT CON-TROL LICENSING REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) Israel has adopted high standards in the field of export controls. (2) Israel has declared its unilateral adher-ence to the Missile Technology Control Re-gime, the Australia Group, and the Nuclear Suppliers Group. (3) Israel is a party to— (A) the Convention on Prohibitions or Re-strictions on the Use of Certain Conven-tional Weapons which may be Deemed to be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscrimi-nate Effects, signed at Geneva October 10, 1980; (B) the Protocol for the Prohibition of the Use in War of Asphyxiating, Poisonous or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.069 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8146 September 12, 2018 
Other Gases, and of Bacteriological Methods of Warfare, signed at Geneva June 17, 1925; and (C) the Convention on the Physical Protec-tion of Nuclear Material, adopted at Vienna October 26, 1979. (4) Section 6(b) of the United States-Israel Strategic Partnership Act of 2014 (22 U.S.C. 8603 note) directs the President, consistent with the commitments of the United States under international agreements, to take steps so that Israel may be included in the list of countries eligible for the strategic trade authorization exception under section 740.20(c)(1) of title 15, Code of Federal Regu-lations, to the requirement for a license for the export, reexport, or in-country transfer of an item subject to controls under the Ex-port Administration Regulations. (b) R
EPORT ON ELIGIBILITY FOR STRATEGIC  T
RADE AUTHORIZATION EXCEPTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a report that describes the steps taken pursuant to section 6(b) of the United States-Israel Stra-tegic Partnership Act of 2014 (22 U.S.C. 8603 note). (2) F
ORM.—The report required under para-graph (1) shall be provided in unclassified form, but may contain a classified portion. TITLE II—ENHANCED UNITED STATES- ISRAEL COOPERATION 
SEC. 201. UNITED STATES-ISRAEL SPACE CO-OPERATION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) Authorized in 1958, the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration (NASA) supports and coordinates United States Gov-ernment research in aeronautics, human ex-ploration and operations, science, and space technology. (2) Established in 1983, the Israel Space Agency (ISA) supports the growth of Israel’s space industry by supporting academic re-search, technological innovation, and edu-cational activities. (3) The mutual interest of the United States and Israel in space exploration affords both nations an opportunity to leverage their unique abilities to advance scientific discovery. (4) In 1996, NASA and the ISA entered into an agreement outlining areas of mutual co-operation, which remained in force until 2005. (5) Since 1996, NASA and the ISA have suc-cessfully cooperated on many space pro-grams supporting the Global Positioning System and research related to the sun, earth science, and the environment. (6) The bond between NASA and the ISA was permanently forged on February 1, 2003, with the loss of the crew of STS–107, includ-ing Israeli Astronaut Ilan Ramon. (7) On October 13, 2015, the United States and Israel signed the Framework Agreement between the National Aeronautics and Space Administration of the United States of America and the Israel Space Agency for Co-operation in Aeronautics and the Explo-ration and Use of Airspace and Outer Space for Peaceful Purposes. (b) C
ONTINUING COOPERATION .—The Admin-istrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration shall continue to work with the Israel Space Agency to identify and cooperatively pursue peaceful space explo-ration and science initiatives in areas of mu-tual interest, taking all appropriate meas-ures to protect sensitive information, intel-lectual property, trade secrets, and economic interests of the United States. SEC. 202. UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTER-NATIONAL DEVELOPMENT-ISRAEL ENHANCED PARTNERSHIP FOR DE-VELOPMENT COOPERATION IN DE-VELOPING NATIONS. 
(a) S TATEMENT OF POLICY .—It should be the policy of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development (USAID) to partner with Israel in order to advance common goals across a wide variety of sectors, includ-ing energy, agriculture and food security, de-mocracy, human rights and governance, eco-nomic growth and trade, education, environ-ment, global health, and water and sanita-tion. (b) M
EMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING .—The Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development is authorized to enter into memoranda of understanding with Israel in order to enhance coordination on advancing common goals on energy, agri-culture and food security, democracy, human rights and governance, economic growth and trade, education, environment, global health, and water and sanitation with a focus on strengthening mutual ties and co-operation with nations throughout the world. 
SEC. 203. AUTHORITY TO ENTER INTO A COOPER-ATIVE PROJECT AGREEMENT WITH ISRAEL TO COUNTER UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLES THAT THREATEN THE UNITED STATES OR ISRAEL. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) On February 10, 2018, Iran launched from Syria an unmanned aerial vehicle (com-monly known as a ‘‘drone’’) that penetrated Israeli airspace. (2) According to a press report, the un-manned aerial vehicle was in Israeli airspace for a minute and a half before being shot down by its air force. (3) Senior Israeli officials stated that the unmanned aerial vehicle was an advanced piece of technology. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of the Congress that— (1) joint research and development to counter unmanned aerial vehicles will serve the national security interests of the United States and Israel; (2) Israel faces urgent and emerging threats from unmanned aerial vehicles, and other unmanned vehicles, launched from Lebanon by Hezbollah, from Syria by Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps, or from others seeking to attack Israel; (3) efforts to counter unmanned aerial ve-hicles should include the feasibility of uti-lizing directed energy and high powered microwave technologies, which can disable vehicles without kinetic destruction; and (4) the United States and Israel should con-tinue to work together to defend against all threats to the safety, security, and national interests of both countries. (c) A
UTHORITY TOENTER INTO AGREE -
MENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The President is author-ized to enter into a cooperative project agreement with Israel under the authority of section 27 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2767), to carry out research on, and de-velopment, testing, evaluation, and joint production (including follow-on support) of, defense articles and defense services, such as the use of directed energy or high powered microwave technology, to detect, track, and destroy unmanned aerial vehicles that threaten the United States or Israel. (2) A
PPLICABLE REQUIREMENTS .—The coop-erative project agreement described in para-graph (1) shall— (A) provide that any activities carried out pursuant to the agreement are subject to— (i) the applicable requirements described in subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) of section 27(b)(2) of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2767(b)(2)); and (ii) any other applicable requirements of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2751 et seq.) with respect to the use, transfers, and security of such defense articles and de-fense services under that Act; (B) establish a framework to negotiate the rights to intellectual property developed under the agreement; and (C) include appropriate protections for sen-sitive technology. (d) REPORT ON COOPERATION .— (1) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees (as that term is defined in section 101(a) of title 10, United States Code), the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives a report describing the cooperation of the United States with Israel with respect to countering unmanned aerial systems that includes each of the following: (A) An identification of specific capability gaps of the United States and Israel with re-spect to countering unmanned aerial sys-tems. (B) An identification of cooperative projects that would address those capability gaps and mutually benefit and strengthen the security of the United States and Israel. (C) An assessment of the projected cost for research and development efforts for such co-operative projects, including an identifica-tion of those to be conducted in the United States, and the timeline for the completion of each such project. (D) An assessment of the extent to which the capability gaps of the United States identified pursuant to subparagraph (A) are not likely to be addressed through the coop-erative projects identified pursuant to sub-paragraph (B). (E) An assessment of the projected costs for procurement and fielding of any capabili-ties developed jointly pursuant to an agree-ment described in subsection (c). (2) L
IMITATION .—No activities may be con-ducted pursuant to an agreement described in subsection (c) until the date that is 15 days after the date on which the Secretary of Defense submits the report required under paragraph (1). TITLE III—ENSURING ISRAEL’S QUALITATIVE MILITARY EDGE 
SEC. 301. STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
It is the policy of the United States to en-sure that Israel maintains its ability to counter and defeat any credible conventional military, or emerging, threat from any indi-vidual state or possible coalition of states or from non-state actors, while sustaining minimal damages and casualties, through the use of superior military means, possessed in sufficient quantity, including weapons, command, control, communication, intel-ligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance ca-pabilities that in their technical characteris-tics are superior in capability to those of such other individual or possible coalition states or non-state actors. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE7.032 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8147 September 12, 2018 
in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material in the R
ECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as we all know, Israel faces growing threats, but particularly from Iran and its terrorist proxies such as Hezbollah. This year, for the first time, we have seen direct military engagement be-tween Iran and Israel. It is not just at-tacks coming over the border from Lebanon with Hezbollah, but direct military attacks. Iran launched a drone and fired rockets toward Israel. They did both from the perch that they have now in Syria. Those Iranian mili-tia and troops are in Syria. Meanwhile, Iran’s terrorist proxy, Hezbollah, con-tinues to amass rockets and missiles. They have well over 100,000 in their in-ventory now. This bill will ensure that the United States continues to have Israel’s back in the face of these grow-ing threats. With this measure, we are codifying the assistance levels in the latest 10- year U.S.-Israel memorandum of under-standing. What that aims to do is strengthen our already robust relation-ship, especially on defense matters. The bill also works to build on the United States’ and Israel’s successful history of cooperation on technology development. Think of the Iron Dome missile defense system, which shot down some of those Iranian rockets. Mr. E
NGEL and I have seen those Iron Dome systems at work, deployed in Israel. More recently, the U.S. and Israel have begun collaborating on anti-tun-nel technology. Why? Well, E
LIOT and I can tell you that we had the opportunity—and this was a sad story—to go into one of those tun-nels. We did not know where that tun-nel ended up when we started. The other end of that tunnel was an ele-mentary school in Israel. Obviously, the intent of the terrorists was to use that tunnel in order to go in and kid-nap children and then force the IDF to fight block by block by block. Hamas dug those tunnels. Hezbollah digs tun-nels, as well. This anti-tunnel tech-nology will help the IDF find and de-stroy those tunnels that are used for smuggling and launching attacks on Israel. This measure supports continued co-operation on space science and explo-ration, in line with the NASA Adminis-trator’s recent trip to Israel to discuss expanding U.S.-Israel space coopera-tion. This bill also authorizes the United States and Israel to collaborate on hu-manitarian assistance projects around the world. It authorizes the President to transfer precision-guided munitions to Israel. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROS- L
EHTINEN ). She is chairman emeritus of the full committee and the current chairman of the Middle East and North Africa Subcommittee. I thank her for her work on this bill. I also thank the gentleman from Florida, T
EDDEUTCH , the ranking member of the Middle East and North Africa Subcommittee. To-gether, these two members authored the House companion to this Senate bill, which passed our committee unanimously, the latest in a long list of successful collaborations between our committee members. In honor of her tremendous legacy as an advocate for Israel, we are naming this legislation the I
LEANA ROS- L
EHTINEN United States-Israel Security Assistance Act of 2018. In her almost three decades in the House, Chairman R
OS-LEHTINEN has made steadfast support for Israel a hallmark of her congressional career. She was the first woman to chair the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the first Hispanic women to serve in Con-gress. The U.S.-Israel relationship is stronger for the work that she has done in Congress. She will be greatly missed. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND T
ECHNOLOGY , Washington, DC, September 10, 2018. Hon. E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing con-cerning S. 2497, the ‘‘United States-Israel Se-curity Assistance Authorization Act of 2018,’’ which was referred to your Committee on August 3, 2018. S. 2497 contains provisions within the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology’s Rule X jurisdiction. As a result of your hav-ing consulted with the Committee and in order to expedite this bill for floor consider-ation, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology will forego action on the bill. This is being done on the basis of our mutual understanding that doing so will in no way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology with respect to the appointment of conferees, or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation. I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding, and re-quest that you include a copy of this letter and your response in the Congressional Record during the floor consideration of this bill. Thank you in advance for your coopera-tion. Sincerely, L
AMAR SMITH, Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, September 10, 2018. Hon. L
AMAR SMITH, Chairman, House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN SMITH: Thank you for con-sulting with the Foreign Affairs Committee and agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of S. 2497, United States-Israel Security Assistance Authorization Act of 2018, so that the bill may proceed expedi-tiously to the House floor. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of your com-mittee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerog-atives on this resolution or similar legisla-tion in the future. I would support your ef-fort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any House-Senate conference on this legisla-tion. I will seek to place our letters on S. 2497 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as this measure moves through the legisla-tive process. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, September 10, 2018. Hon. W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman, House Armed Services Committee, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN THORNBERRY : Thank you for consulting with the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee and agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of S. 2497, United States-Israel Security Assistance Authoriza-tion Act of 2018, so that the bill may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of your com-mittee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerog-atives on this resolution or similar legisla-tion in the future. I would support your ef-fort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any House-Senate conference on this legisla-tion. I will seek to place our letters on S. 2497 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as this measure moves through the legisla-tive process. Sincerely, E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure. We are taking up a bill from the Senate that I fully support, with a couple of small amendments. One of these amendments is to re-name the legislation after a Member of this House. I find myself experiencing a little bit of denial, because it reminds me that one of our most able and val-ued colleagues is about to wrap up her distinguished career. I can’t imagine what it is going to be like without I
LEANA ROS-LEHTINEN around here. She came to Congress the year after I did, and we have been close friends ever since. The gentlewoman from Florida has been a dear friend and an exceptional colleague, and there has been no fiercer champion of the U.S.-Israel relation-ship than I
LEANA ROS-LEHTINEN . So it is entirely fitting that we amend this bill to name it in her honor, the I
LEANA  R
OS-LEHTINEN U.S.-Israel Security As-sistance Authorization Act. Let me also thank the chief Demo-cratic sponsor of this legislation, Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.071 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8148 September 12, 2018 
DEUTCH , also of Florida, who has worked tirelessly to shape this legisla-tion and to reaffirm the unshakable bond between the United States and Israel. This bill, like the House version passed by the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee, fully authorizes the historic memorandum of understanding, or MOU, between the United States and Israel, which President Obama signed and which will go into effect next year. This MOU provides for a 10-year agreement at $3.3 billion per year and a $500 million missile defense pledge, the largest single pledge of military assist-ance in our country’s history. The MOU is a concrete example of some-thing I often say; while prime min-isters may come and go, Presidents come and go, members of Knesset come and go, and Members of Congress come and go, the U.S.-Israel relationship is here to stay. Our relationship with Israel benefits both our countries. For both of us, it strengthens security and stability, and advances our shared values. This is the bedrock of our friendship. This bill moves us forward in new areas of co-operation. For example, Mr. K
ILMER of Wash-ington wrote a provision that will spur closer cooperation on space issues. Mr. C
RIST of Florida wrote a section deal-ing with unmanned aerial vehicles that threaten the United States or Israel. Mr. S
CHNEIDER ’s work will help ensure Israel’s qualitative military edge. Mr. B
OYLE included a measure that will in-crease Israel’s access to precision-guid-ed munitions. I would like to point out a couple of issues, which I hope we can address through additional legislation. This bill was originally intended to include Mr. L
ANGEVIN ’s legislation to enhance U.S.-Israel cooperation on cybersecu-rity. This is an area where we should be working together. So I was dis-appointed that it was struck from this, and I hope that it soon crosses the fin-ish line as a standalone bill. Additionally, Mr. B
OYLE ’s bill to allow Israel to purchase precision-guid-ed weapons was included in the Senate bill. The Armed Services Committee majority objected. So this version waters down the authorization for these purchases to a sense of Congress, which is considerably weaker. While I wish Armed Services Repub-licans would reconsider their objection, I won’t stand in the way of moving this critical bill forward at this time. I am told that their concern is jurisdic-tional, and I hope they will remain sen-sitive to this issue the next time a de-fense authorization comes to the floor loaded down with provisions that fall in the jurisdiction of the Foreign Af-fairs Committee. Let me finish by saying that this bill is very timely. The threats facing the United States and Israel are becoming more urgent and more complex. ISIS is growing in the Sinai; Israel’s neighbors are shouldering new burdens from refu-gees, causing further instability; and Iran’s behavior in the region has, un-fortunately become even more dan-gerous. The United States has been there by Israel’s side throughout this dangerous time. And that is the way it should be. Today, we put that into law. I urge my colleagues to support this legisla-tion, and I congratulate my good friend, ILEANA ROS-LEHTINEN . Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 4 minutes to the gentle-woman from Florida (Ms. R
OS- L
EHTINEN ), the chairman emeritus of the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the author of H.R. 5141, the House pred-ecessor of the legislation we have be-fore us. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his kind words and the words of my good friend, Rank-ing Member E
NGEL . This is truly an un-expected, humbling honor. I thank both of their teams for their leadership in bringing this bill to the floor, and I thank all Members and supporters of Israel. There are so many of us in this Chamber. We have been through a lot together and the U.S.-Israel relation-ship is stronger because every single one of us works hard at it. Mr. Speaker, a special thank you to my dear friend and Florida colleague, T
EDDEUTCH , the great ranking mem-ber of our subcommittee, with whom I have had the honor of working so close-ly on these issues over the past 6 years. He is the author of this newly named bill and the one with that idea. As so many know, Mr. Speaker, it has been an absolute joy for me to have been a part of this distinguished body for almost 30 years, as the chairman points out, to advocate for my con-stituents and to serve on our esteemed House Committee on Foreign Affairs to promote American ideals like freedom, democracy, and human rights, and to help strengthen the bonds we have with allies around the world. No relationship, Mr. Speaker, is more important than the one that we have with the democratic Jewish State of Israel. Israel is an indispensable, stra-tegic partner, not just for its protec-tion of U.S. interests, but because of our shared beliefs and our shared val-ues. I have had the incredible honor and privilege to travel to Israel, both with the chairman, the ranking member, and Mr. D
EUTCH . We have seen first-hand that these shared values and these shared beliefs are seen every day in Israel, after centuries of suffering, and it has allowed the Jewish people to beat all the odds and to develop a coun-try that has become a thriving global leader. It only gets more impressive when you consider the neighborhood where Israel is—one that has never been more dangerous and more threatening to them than it is today. The threats just keep getting tougher for Israel. For all of these reasons, I am so proud to have authored, along with the ranking member, Mr. DEUTCH , this bill, because we have worked together on this and we advocated for the bill be-fore us today. The bill authorizes, as has been ex-plained, additional security assistance for Israel at a minimum of $3.3 billion, the level agreed to in the memorandum of understanding, for the next 10 years. With this bill, Mr. Speaker, we both have the comfort of knowing that our support for Israel will be ironclad, but it also provides us with the flexibility to modify that support should the threats to Israel increase. If additional support is needed, it would be given. From drones and emerging threats to cybersecurity to space to development cooperation in other countries, this bill also includes a host of other provisions to expand our collaboration in other areas. Collaboration is an important word because, as the chair and ranking member have pointed out, this bill has been a positive, collaborative effort by many Members in a bipartisan manner. The U.S.-Israel partnership has never been stronger than it is today. It is my sincere honor to have played a very small part in that. I encourage all of my colleagues to support this bill, in spite of its name. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
EUTCH ), the lead Democratic au-thor on the House version of the bill. He is also a member of the House For-eign Affairs Committee and the rank-ing member of the Middle East Sub-committee. Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, it is my great honor to rise in support of the Ileana Ros-Lehtinen U.S.-Israel Secu-rity Assistance Authorization Act of 2018. b1730 I am proud to have worked on this critical security bill with my colleague and friend, Congresswoman I
LEANA  R
OS-LEHTINEN . The U.S.-Israel relationship has been and must continue to be a bipartisan priority regardless of the party in power at either end of Pennsylvania Avenue. With today’s vote, we have the chance to reinforce that point. The threats against Israel remain nu-merous and complex. Iran is seeking to secure a permanent foothold in neigh-boring Syria. Hezbollah continues to stockpile an estimated 150,000 missiles near Israel’s border, and a humani-tarian crisis looms in Gaza, threat-ening stability in Israel. Israel must be prepared to defend itself from threats coming from every direction, from everything from the most rudimentary of weapons—as we have seen with the ‘‘arson kites’’ from Hamas, the ‘‘terror kites’’—to ad-vanced Iranian-made missiles. The 2016 memorandum of under-standing between our countries com-mitted unprecedented levels of secu-rity. That assistance is $38 billion over 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.072 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8149 September 12, 2018 
10 years, and this bill will enshrine that figure into law. Notably, nearly all of this American taxpayer money will come back to the United States and support American jobs. This bill will codify this memo-randum and ensure that Israel has the capability to defend itself from any and all threats. That means strength-ening Israel’s qualitative military edge, authorizing cooperation on UAV technology, and expanding cooperation in new areas, such as space, and through a new effort to work together to provide humanitarian assistance around the globe. When we consider legislation like this, we must remember that threats against Israel are also a threat to our security interests in the region. En-hancing Israel’s security is a step to-wards strengthening our own national security, and I urge my colleagues to support this bill and strengthen the U.S.-Israel relationship. Finally, I would like to thank Con-gresswoman R
OS-LEHTINEN for her serv-ice to our Nation and particularly for her ardent and unwavering support for our ally, Israel, throughout her nearly three decades in Congress. Her long and decorated career in this Chamber, as historic as it was effective, will live on through her incredible achievements in our Nation’s robust foreign policy. Congresswoman R
OS-LEHTINEN has been the leading voice on a foreign pol-icy that stands up to rogue regimes wherever they are and always, always values human rights. Without a doubt, her contributions to strengthening the U.S.-Israel relationship will take their place in this body’s history. There has been no greater champion than I
LEANA  R
OS-LEHTINEN . The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Florida an additional 1 minute. Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, the gen-tlewoman’s contributions to the strengthening of the U.S.-Israel rela-tionship will take their place in this body’s history because there has been no greater champion than I
LEANA ROS- L
EHTINEN . It has been an honor to work with her on this most recent effort to broaden and enhance the U.S.-Israel re-lationship, so it is only fitting that this piece of legislation should bear her name. Mr. Speaker, I thank my dear friend and colleague. This bill is but a small part of the legacy that she leaves be-hind in this great Chamber. It has been an honor and a privilege to work with her. It has been an honor and a privi-lege to work with the chairman, Mr. R
OYCE . I am grateful for their leader-ship, as I am for Mr. E
NGEL and the great job he does as ranking member. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH), chair-man of the Foreign Affairs Sub-committee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman ROYCE , Ranking Member E NGEL , and Mr. D
EUTCH for all of their very excel-lent comments towards our good friend and colleague I
LEANA ROS-LEHTINEN , a chairwoman in earnest who has been one of the greatest friends Israel has ever known in this Chamber. The gentlewoman has been tenacious in her fight against terrorism, particu-larly as it relates to Iran, and against very considerable odds has been able to promote legislation that has made a huge difference in protecting the peo-ple of Israel from the ever-present threats, the existential threats that they face in the region. I thank Ms. I
LEANA ROS-LEHTINEN . It is so fitting that this bill is named after her. This bill authorizes, as we all know, enhanced military cooperation between our countries; it further enshrines Israel’s qualitative military edge; it authorizes foreign military financing at an annual level of no less than $3.3 billion, agreed to in the bilateral MOU negotiated under the Obama adminis-tration, but, crucially, the bill speci-fies that the assistance should be not less than $3.3 billion. It is a statement that it is a floor and not a ceiling, so, over the next 10 years, at least that much and hopefully more because we know the needs are overwhelming. The bill’s other provisions: it facili-tates the transfer of advanced, preci-sion-guided missiles for Israel’s use and lays the groundwork for bilateral co-operation that will assist Israel in con-fronting an evolving landscape of threats, including from unmanned UAVs. The many facets of cooperation sup-ported by this bill, from international development to space exploration, are not just for Israel’s benefit. They also contribute to our national security. The U.S. is safer when Israel is strong-er. This bill translates that funda-mental principle into practical initia-tives for fruitful collaboration and mu-tual benefit. It is fitting, again, that this act will be named after a great American and a great friend of Israel, I
LEANA ROS- L
EHTINEN . Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. F
RANKEL ), a very valued member of the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee and a cosponsor of this bill. Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, it is an honor to work with Mr. E
NGEL , Mr. R OYCE , Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN . And Mr. P
OE, it has been a great pleas-ure and honor to work with you in a bi-partisan manner on our Foreign Affairs Committee. I am very proudly standing here, of course, in support of this United States-Israel Security Assistance Au-thorization Act, which recognizes Israel’s right to defend itself and writes into law the continued cooperation be-tween our two countries. Defending Israel is in our national se-curity interest, as is ensuring our great friend and ally is safe. It is more im-portant than ever, as mentioned by my colleagues here today. When you look at the region, there is reason to be worried: Hamas in Gaza, rebuilding its rocket arsenal and call-ing for Israel’s destruction; Iran now threatening to dramatically increase its enrichment of uranium while con-structing military bases in Syria; ISIS wreaking havoc in Sinai; and Hezbollah pointing 150,000 missiles at Israel. So we must continue strengthening Israel’s defenses, and this important bill codifies the memorandum of under-standing with Israel signed by the Obama administration, the largest U.S. military assistance package ever. The measure also expands U.S.-Israel cooperation in areas of mutual inter-est, including authorizing USAID to partner with Israel to aid low-income countries; by leveraging Israeli innova-tions in the water, food, security, en-ergy, and global health sectors. In an increasingly polarized Wash-ington, Israel can never be a partisan issue. That is why I am so glad this is not a partisan issue. I urge my col-leagues to support it. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I reserve the balance of my time to close. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield for such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. HAS-
TINGS ). (Mr. HASTINGS asked and was given permission to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding to me in support of this measure that I think is most deserving for my dear friend from Florida. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. Let me again applaud the chief spon-sors of this legislation, Representatives R
OS-LEHTINEN and D EUTCH , along with their Senate counterparts, for their tremendous work. Let me also, again, as I have many times, thank our chairman. We have worked very closely together on the Foreign Affairs Committee, and this is proof of that kind of collaboration where we have both sides of the aisle doing things that are good for the United States of America. This legislation and the MOU that it puts into law represents the unbreak-able bond between the United States and Israel and the shared interests and values that have been the hallmark of this relationship. As Chairman R
OYCE mentioned be-fore, he and I have been there together many times. We have seen those terror tunnels. We have seen all kinds of things. The people of Israel need the United States, and we need the people of Israel. The United States has stood up for democracy through all these glorious years of our being a republic, and we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.074 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8150 September 12, 2018 
cannot stop now. That is why legisla-tion such as this bipartisan legislation is so important for us to pass. This, in law, represents the unbreak-able bond between the United States and Israel and the shared interests and values that have been the hallmark of this relationship. The Middle East is a very dangerous neighborhood. We here in the United States have the benefit of stepping back a bit, but we are not on the front line day in and day out the way the be-leaguered people of Israel are with one country after another vowing to try to destroy it. This Congress, in a bipartisan fash-ion, stands together and says that the United States stands with the people of Israel, and that makes me very proud of this Congress, proud of our Foreign Affairs Committee, proud of our chair-man, and proud of all the people who have spoken, particularly I
LEANA ROS- L
EHTINEN , who deserves all the acco-lades you can think of. Whatever I said wouldn’t be dramatic enough to ex-plain the force that she has been for the past 30 years on the Foreign Affairs Committee doing good things, particu-larly with the State of Israel. It is going to be difficult to not see her here, but I know she will be doing everything that she can continue to do to enhance the U.S.-Israel relationship. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this measure, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself the balance of my time. The democratic Jewish State of Israel is a friend and a major strategic partner of the United States. Israel is a beacon, as Ileana shared with us, of freedom, of democracy, of stability in the otherwise troubled Middle East. In short, it is the very opposite of the bru-tal and corrupt Iranian regime. Iran has never made its threats to Israel a secret, and that is what they mean when the Ayatollah says: ‘‘Death to Israel; death to America.’’ After years of moving the pieces into place, including by showering its prox-ies, Hezbollah and Hamas, with money and with rockets and with missiles and attempting to exploit the conflict in Syria to build a military presence and support base there on the border, it is slowly but surely preparing to make good on this threat. With this bill, we can ensure that Israel has the tools to defend it self and defend our shared in-terests in the face of that mounting threat. I do thank our ranking member, E
LIOT ENGEL , and I do thank T ED D
EUTCH for all of the bipartisan co-operation that has allowed us to move so many measures through the com-mittee, through the Senate, and into law. I also want, in closing, to thank and to note that I was the beneficiary of the good work of my predecessor in this position, I
LEANA ROS-LEHTINEN , when I took over the committee 6 years ago, and for that I am also very thankful. I am thankful for the contributions that all of these individuals have made to the betterment of our defense, the security of the United States, the secu-rity of our allies. I am proud of the fact that we have done it in a bipartisan way. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the House amendment to S. 2497, the Ileana Ros- Lehtinen United States-Israel Security Assist-ance Authorization Act of 2018. This bill would enshrine in law the 2016 U.S. Memorandum of Understanding that the Obama Administration reached with Israel. This landmark agreement provides for his-toric levels of security cooperation with and assistance to Israel. Enacting this legislation would send an unmistakable message to Israel’s enemies that the American commit-ment to Israel’s security is ironclad. Israel continually faces threats from all sides, and we have the responsibility to be sure that Israelis have everything they need in order to defend her citizens. Whether it’s missiles, tunnels, arson kites, or potential border breaches from Hamas in Gaza, rockets from Hezbollah in Lebanon, drones from Iranian forces in Syria, or what-ever other lethal attempt may be devised, Israel must be ready to combat whatever comes her way. Mr. Speaker, Israel’s security is nonnego-tiable. With enemies committed to the coun-try’s destruction throughout the entirety of its 70-year existence, Israel’s qualitative military edge is absolutely necessary, and I am pleased that this bill ensures that this edge will be maintained. Even amidst persistent security threats, Israel has been a remarkable leader in tech-nological and humanitarian endeavors. This legislation, by enhancing U.S.-Israeli coopera-tion in space exploration and international de-velopment, will strengthen both of our coun-tries and many other parts of the world. Mr. Speaker, as we work on a bipartisan basis to ensure that the U.S.-Israel relation-ship remains strong far into the future, I can think of no more fitting namesake for this bill than my friend and colleague, Ileana Ros- Lehtinen. Israel has a true friend and supporter in Ileana, and as she departs at the end of this Congress, we will all be well served to follow her example of working across the aisle to en-sure that American support for Israel remains unbreakable. To that end, I proudly urge the passage of the Ileana Ros-Lehtinen United States-Israel Security Assistance Authorization Act of 2018. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I rise in sup-port of the House Amendment to S. 2497, the Ileana Ros-Lehtinen Israel Security Assistance Authorization Act. As Israel faces growing threats from Iran, Hezbollah, and Hamas, this bill reaffirms the United States’ strong belief that Israel has the right to defend herself and ensures that Israel has the means to do so. Passage of this bill will send a powerful mes-sage to Israel’s adversaries: the United States will continue to stand with Israel. I will note that this bill is appropriately named for my good friend, Congresswoman I
LEANA ROS- LEHTINEN , who as we all know is departing at the end of this Congress. Congresswoman R
OS-LEHTINEN has been a strong supporter of Israel, a champion of democracy across the world, and one of this chamber’s true believ-ers in the ideal of bipartisan foreign policy. So I thank Congresswoman R
OS-LEHTINEN for her leadership, and I urge all my colleagues to support this important measure. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 2497, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
b1745 SPECIAL ENVOY TO MONITOR AND COMBAT ANTI-SEMITISM ACT OF 2018 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1911) to amend the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 to monitor and combat anti-Semitism globally, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1911 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Special Envoy to Monitor and Combat Anti-Semi-tism Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDING. 
Congress finds that since the Global Anti- Semitism Review Act of 2004 was enacted, in many foreign countries acts of anti-Semi-tism have been frequent and wide in scope, the perpetrators and variety of threats to Jewish communities and their institutions have proliferated, and in some countries anti-Semitic attacks have increased in fre-quency, scope, violence, and deadliness. 
SEC. 3. MONITORING AND COMBATING ANTI-SEM-ITISM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 59 of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2731) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, who shall be appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘The Special Envoy shall report directly to the Secretary.’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) in the heading, but striking ‘‘A
PPOINT -
MENT ’’ and inserting ‘‘N OMINATION ’’; (ii) by striking the first sentence; (iii) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘If the Secretary determines that such is appro-priate, the Secretary may appoint’’ and in-serting ‘‘If the President determines that such is appropriate, the President may nomi-nate’’; and (iv) in the third sentence, by striking ‘‘The Secretary may allow such officer or em-ployee to retain the position (and the respon-sibilities associated with such position) held 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.075 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8151 September 12, 2018 
by such officer or employee prior to the ap-pointment’’ and inserting ‘‘Such officer or employee may not retain the position (or the responsibilities associated with such posi-tion) held by such officer or employee prior to the nomination’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(3) D
UTIES .—The Special Envoy shall serve as the primary advisor to, and coordi-nate efforts across, the United States Gov-ernment relating to monitoring and com-bating anti-Semitism and anti-Semitic in-citement that occur in foreign countries. ‘‘(4) R
ANK AND STATUS OF AMBASSADOR .— The Special Envoy shall have the rank of ambassador. ‘‘(5) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—The Special Envoy should be a person of recognized distinction in the field of— ‘‘(A) combating anti-Semitism; ‘‘(B) religious freedom; or ‘‘(C) law enforcement.’’. (b) N
OMINATION .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not later than 120 after any such posi-tion becomes vacant, the President shall nominate the Special Envoy for Monitoring and Combating anti-Semitism under section 59 of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956, as amended by subsection (a) of this section. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material in the R
ECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, disturbingly, incidents of anti-Semitism are on the increase across Europe, across the Middle East, frankly, across the world. As Moshe Kantor, the vice president of the World Jewish Caucus, has said: ‘‘We are wit-nessing a global process of radicalization. . . . Unfortunately, and with no surprise, the common element that unifies radicals seems to be their hatred of Jews.’’ Today, anti-Semitism is increasingly being acted upon and, in some cases, even institutionalized. Country by country, we are seeing school curricu-lums attempting to indoctrinate chil-dren and attempting to spread hate. We are seeing courts and legislation insti-tutionalize anti-Semitism. And we are seeing acts of violence against the Jew-ish people and their places of worship being excused. How do they rationalize it? Under the guise of a political protest. It is critical that the U.S. play a leading role to stop this scourge of hate. Yet for more than a year and a half, the top position at the State De-partment charged with combating anti- Semitism worldwide has remained va-cant. Further, for more than 1 year, the of-fice has also been completely unstaffed. This is unacceptable. I have raised this issue before. As a senior official at the State De-partment reminded world leaders this past winter: ‘‘Absent action, the sacred pledge of ‘never again’ can become empty rhetoric.’’ We cannot allow that to happen, and the bill before us today, H.R. 1911, will help reassert U.S. leadership in com-bating anti-Semitism worldwide. It will mandate the expeditious appoint-ment of the Special Envoy to Monitor and Combat Anti-Semitism, and it will elevate the office to ambassadorial rank with direct access to the Sec-retary of State. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in support of this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume, and I rise in support of H.R. 1911. Mr. Speaker, I am a proud original cosponsor of this bill, and I am pleased that we are considering it today. I want to start by thanking my col-leagues for their hard work on this bill and their hard work on this effort: Con-gressman CHRIS SMITH, the author of this legislation, and my fellow co- chairs of the Bipartisan Task Force to Combat Anti-Semitism. I am proud to stand with a group of legislators com-mitted to fighting intolerance and ha-tred. Mr. Speaker, every day, more and more alarming anti-Semitic attacks shock the world: Holocaust survivors violently assaulted, rallies and parades glorifying Nazi leaders, swastikas graffitied to incite fear and terror. The list goes on and on. And let’s be clear, Mr. Speaker, this isn’t just happening in faraway places. We have seen a sickening increase of anti-Semitic acts in our country as well. We have seen people who embrace hatred and bigotry given a loud new megaphone to spread their poison. As a country, we need to come to-gether to say enough is enough. We need to say there are not good people on both sides. We need to confront evil, call it by its name, and say there is no place for it anywhere in the United States or around the world. We all need to do it as citizens. We need to do so in our laws and in our policies. And the very least that we could do is have the administration fill the positions that are supposed to be dealing with this issue. The Special Envoy to Monitor and Combat Anti- Semitism position at the State Depart-ment is still vacant. That is really un-acceptable. We must have a senior official to push back against the intolerance and hatred of anti-Semitism. American leadership is desperately needed in the fight against this ancient form of ha-tred. I am fed up with the administra-tion dragging its feet on filling this crucial position. It should happen now. That is why I am glad we are moving this bill forward. This legislation would elevate the Special Envoy posi-tion and require the President to put forward a nominee no more than 120 days after a vacancy. That is 4 months. This is essential for making sure that a prolonged vacancy like we have right now never happens again. We must have a senior State Depart-ment official dedicated to coordinating U.S. Government efforts to combat anti-Semitism abroad. So I strongly support this measure, and I ask my col-leagues to join me doing so. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH), chair-man of the Foreign Affairs Sub-committee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations. He is the au-thor of this bill. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his leadership on this legislation on the issue itself; E
LIOT ENGEL , of course, who has been a great friend, a part of this Bipartisan Task Force for Com-bating Anti-Semitism; and you, Mr. Presiding Speaker, you are one of the cosponsors. We have 83 bipartisan co-sponsors, and this is an idea whose time has come. I especially want to thank Leader M
CCARTHY for making sure the bill got to the floor today, for his leadership and strong support for it. Anti-Semitism, Mr. Speaker, is ex-ploding. Just look around in any coun-try in the world, look at the human rights reports that are out there, and it is a problem here in the United States as well. It is exploding. My first trip to the Soviet Union, now Russia, of course, was in 1982 on behalf of Soviet refuseniks. When I saw what that country was doing to indi-vidual Jewish men and women and families, I became committed then. I worked with Mr. H
ASTINGS on this for many, many years with the Helsinki Commission, to try to combat this ever escalating scourge of anti-Semitism. It is an age-old scourge. It is bad, and it is getting worse. There is a persistent anti-Semitism, as I think my colleagues know, that historically has manifested itself throughout European history, from po-groms in Russia, to the Dreyfus affair, to Nazism in the 1930s, and, of course, the Holocaust right up until its mod-ern-day iterations. This has been joined, however, by two other streams of hate: one ema-nating from the world of militant Islam and one that is sometimes fo-mented by countries such as Iran. Strains of this new anti-Semitism can be heard in the demand of the BDS movement—boycott, divestment, sanc-tions—which always singles out Israel and rarely other countries like China 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE7.033 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8152 September 12, 2018 
who engage in pervasive human rights abuse. My friend and former Soviet refuse-nik, Natan Sharansky, testified at two of my hearings on combating anti- Semitism. He proposed what he called a simple test to help us distinguish be-tween legitimate criticism of Israel from anti-Semitism. Sharansky called it the ‘‘three Ds: demonization, double standard, and delegitimization.’’ First, demonization. When Israel’s actions are blown all out of sensible proportions, and when comparisons are made between Israelis and the Nazis, which is absolutely sick and pathetic, this is anti-Semitism, not a legitimate criticism of Israel. Second, double standard. When criti-cism of Israel is applied selectively, when Israel is singled out, libeled, and slandered by the U.N. Human Rights Council, for example, while the behav-ior or other egregious violators like China, Iran, Cuba, and Syria are large-ly ignored, that, too, is anti-Semitism. The third ‘‘D’’ is delegitimization. In other words, Israel does not have a fun-damental right to exist. In light of this, there is an urgent need for a comprehensive U.S. Govern-ment approach. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, there is a need for a com-prehensive approach. In 2004, I offered an amendment that became law to cre-ate the Office to Monitor and Combat Anti-Semitism, and also the amend-ment that created the Special Envoy. And I do call on President Trump to name that Special Envoy. This elevates it to ambassador, so there will be additional gravitas so that this individual, whoever he or she may be, will have the ability to have direct access to the Secretary of State on the issue of combating anti-Semi-tism. The bill also prohibits the position from being double-hatted. We know how that happens. All of a sudden, one person does all these different kinds of portfolios and becomes the master of none. It also requires, as E
LIOT ENGEL said a moment ago, that, within 90 days of enactment of this act and thereafter, we need this name and we need this to be put forward so that we can get that person on the job and doing this great work. Again, I look around at people who are getting ready to speak, P
ETER ROS-
KAM, ILEANA ROS-LEHTINEN , 83 cospon-sors, totally bipartisan, and absolutely needed. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. H
AS-
TINGS ). (Mr. HASTINGS asked and was given permission to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member, and I rise in sup-port of this measure. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DEUTCH ), one of the chairs of the Task Force to Combat Anti-Semitism, and, again, a very esteemed member of the Foreign Affairs Committee, and an original cosponsor of this bill. Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, Ranking Member E
NGEL . I rise in support of the Special Envoy to Monitor and Combat Anti-Semitism Act, and I thank Congressman C
HRIS S
MITH for leading this bill and all of my colleagues for their support. It has been more than a year and a half since this administration came into office, and this position remains vacant. Aside from some rumors around Washington, we don’t know when this role will be filled. This position was created in 2004 with bipartisan support. I am sure my col-leagues would agree that Congress doesn’t pass laws for them to be ig-nored. It is imperative that there is some-one at the State Department working to combat anti-Semitism globally. They should be working with Jewish communities, building coalitions, tracking cases, and pushing govern-ments to do more to combat it. We need someone who will be our Nation’s leading global advocate to combat anti-Semitism. We are seeing Jewish communities outside the United States and Israel shrink because they no longer feel safe in their own cities. We are hearing truly appalling stories, horrific stories like the Holocaust survivor who was brutally murdered in her apartment. We are feeling the hate speech rise, whether by politicians on extreme sides of the political spectrum or indi-viduals empowered and amplified by social media. We urgently need someone in our government charged with addressing this scourge. This is not a time to abdi-cate our proud and historic leading role of pushing governments to protect their Jewish community, because if there is anti-Semitism that is growing in a country, it means that there is ha-tred growing in that country, and, ulti-mately, everyone is at risk. Our government cannot be silent in these moments. Filling this position must be a top priority. I call on my colleagues to support this bill, which will send a strong statement to the world that the United States remains committed to combat this bigotry and to defend Jewish communities and to fight hatred. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 2 minutes to the gentle-woman from Florida (Ms. R
OS- L
EHTINEN ), who chairs the Foreign Af-fairs Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and ranking mem-ber. I am proud to be a cosponsor of Mr. SMITH’s very important bill, H.R. 1911, the Special Envoy to Monitor and Combat Anti-Semitism Act. As a founding member and co-chair of the Task Force for Combating Anti- Semitism, I have been urging the ad-ministration to make the Special Envoy position at the State Depart-ment a priority and to fill that posi-tion as soon as possible. In recent years, the spike in anti- Jewish violence and harassment has been alarming, and not just in Europe, sadly, but across the globe, and even here in our own wonderful Nation. b1800 It is also worrisome that we are see-ing anti-Semitism couched and dis-guised in anti-Israel political rhetoric. This bill ensures that we have some-one at the Ambassador level giving these issues full attention, and with ac-cess to the highest-level officials in other nations. I am also proud to have my amend-ment included in the bill, which adds a deadline for the appointment, 90 days from enactment of this act, and 120 days from when this position becomes vacant. Even though current law states that there shall be an appointment, there is no clarity on whether an administra-tion has a finite time to make one. So this is why it is important that we add a deadline to fill this Special Envoy po-sition as quickly as possible. I encourage all my colleagues to sup-port Mr. S
MITH’s important bill, H.R. 1911; and I thank the chairman and the ranking member for the time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, if there are no other speakers on the other side, I am prepared to close. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I have one more speaker. I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
OSKAM ), a member of the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, and co- chair of the bipartisan Task Force on Combating Anti-Semitism. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, there is a quotation that is familiar that is brought to my attention this afternoon as we are debating this, and it has echoes for today. It is by Martin Nie-moller, who was a Lutheran pastor in Germany; and this is what he said: ‘‘First they came for the socialists and I did not speak out because I was not a socialist. Then they came for the trade union-ists and I did not speak out because I was not a trade unionist. Then they came for the Jews and I did not speak out because I was not a Jew. Then they came for me, and there was no one left to speak for me.’’ Mr. Speaker, we have an opportunity to do something good today, to build on the work that Congressman S
MITH has initiated and that has been shep-herded through this process by Chair-man R
OYCE and by Ranking Member E
NGEL ; and that is to recognize the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.080 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8153 September 12, 2018 
growing rise of anti-Semitism around the world and to say, we are not only not going to be complicit in it, we are going to speak out about it, and we are going to bring attention to it, and we are going to bring the full force and power of the United States Govern-ment and its moral authority and its imprimatur on this issue. There is real power in that. You have heard both sides going back and forth sort of being reminded of this responsibility that we have because we have seen anti-Semitism, Mr. Speaker, arise within the last year alone in Ger-many, in Brazil, in France, in Hungary, and in New Zealand. In closing, the Anti-Defamation League has pointed out that in the last year alone there have been over 4 mil-lion English language tweets that are anti-Semitic. This is upon us. So what Congressman S
MITH has ini-tiated now is to raise the status of this person to make sure they are not just a Special Envoy, but to raise that to ambassadorial status for all the obvi-ous reasons; to get this person ap-pointed quickly; and to have this post filled and brought with real authority. I urge its passage, and I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. In closing, I want to, again, strongly support this bipartisan bill. I want to thank all the people who have worked hard on it, particularly Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey, who always, for years, has been battling the scourge of anti-Semi-tism; our chairman, Chairman R
OYCE , and people on both sides of the Foreign Affairs Committee. We can never become complacent when we see anti-Semitism, or anti- anything rear its ugly head. We need to reject it. We need to fight it. We need to shine a light in all the dark corners so it has no place to hide and fester. What does it look like when it comes to foreign policy? It starts by appoint-ing a senior diplomat, someone we can point to with confidence and say, ‘‘You’re leading America’s effort to grapple with this problem around the world.’’ This bill would make sure that that seat can’t stay vacant the way it has been for the last 18 months. I am proud to be an original cosponsor of this leg-islation. I, again, thank Mr. S
MITH, Chairman R
OYCE , and all the people who have worked so hard for this. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself the balance of my time. We have seen the horrific con-sequences when free societies turn a blind eye to anti-Semitic incitement and to anti-Semitic violence. Passage of this bill reaffirms that combating anti-Semitism is a top priority for the United States, and it will fill the Spe-cial Envoy position and provide it with adequate staff that is going to strengthen our ability to work with our partners overseas. So I urge my colleagues to support this measure, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1911, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
URGING ALL NATIONS TO OUTLAW THE DOG AND CAT MEAT TRADE Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 401) urging China, South Korea, Vietnam, Thailand, the Philippines, Indonesia, Cambodia, Laos, India, and all nations to outlaw the dog and cat meat trade and to enforce existing laws against the trade, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The text of the resolution is as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 401 Whereas the consumption of dog meat has occurred in every corner of the world includ-ing in Asia; Whereas established dog meat markets still exist in Asia; Whereas the Humane Society Inter-national, Animals Asia Foundation, and oth-ers estimate that 30,000,000 dogs and 10,000,000 cats die annually across Asia for the trade in dog and cat meat; Whereas it is estimated as many as 200,000 live dogs are trafficked each year from Thai-land across the Mekong River to Vietnam, where dog meat is considered a delicacy; Whereas cat meat, known locally as ‘‘little tiger’’, is also a delicacy in Vietnam and, al-though officially banned, is widely available in specialty restaurants; Whereas due to a traditional belief that high adrenaline levels produce tender meat and increase supposed health benefits, dogs killed for their meat may be first inten-tionally subjected to extreme fear and suf-fering through hanging or bludgeoning; Whereas there appears to be little sci-entific evidence to support traditional claims of the health benefits of consuming dog meat; Whereas there have been reports of abuse, poor living conditions, and cruel slaugh-tering techniques with respect to dogs and cats farmed for their meat; Whereas many dogs and cats die during transport to slaughterhouses, after days or weeks crammed into small cages on the back of vehicles without food or water, and others suffer from illness or injury during such transport; Whereas in February 2015, Vietnamese au-thorities impounded a truck in Hanoi smug-gling three tons of live cats from China that were intended for the illegal cat meat trade, but then buried thousands of the seized cats—many, reportedly, while alive—claim-ing a desire to avoid the spread of disease; Whereas the extreme suffering of dogs and cats at such slaughterhouses and on such transportation trucks would breach anti-cru-elty laws in the United States, such as the Animal Welfare Act (7 U.S.C. 2131 et seq.) and the Humane Methods of Slaughter Act (7 U.S.C. 1901 et seq.); Whereas many government officials, civil society advocates, and activists are working to end the dog and cat meat trade on anti- cruelty and public health grounds, and the governments of Singapore, Taiwan, and Hong Kong have passed laws banning the slaughter of dogs for meat consumption; Whereas Chinese activists have claimed that stolen pets are sometimes used in the dog meat market in China; Whereas Chinese dog transporters report-edly routinely flout regulations such as the Chinese Ministry of Agriculture Veterinary Bureau Circular No. 16 (2013), which requires dogs to be quarantined and issued a quar-antine certificate before being transported across provincial boundaries; Whereas the World Health Organization has linked the dog meat industry to human outbreaks of trichinellosis, cholera, and ra-bies, although consumption of dog meat alone has not been confirmed to spread ra-bies to humans; Whereas those involved in the dog meat in-dustry are at an increased health risk for zoonotic diseases, which can transfer from dogs to humans through infectious material such as saliva; Whereas the spread of such diseases may be exacerbated by unsanitary conditions of slaughter and by the sale of dog meat at open-air markets and restaurants; and Whereas Betsy Miranda, Asia Coordinator for the Global Alliance for Rabies Control, said in June 2013 that the spread of disease through the dog meat trade was ‘‘rampant’’ across Southeast Asia, and that ‘‘The risk that the animals are in poor health and not vaccinated is very high. If they move across borders they risk carrying the disease across large distances’’: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the House of Representa-tives— (1) calls for an end to the dog and cat meat trade on cruelty and public health grounds; (2) urges all nations to outlaw the dog and cat meat trade and enforce existing laws against such trade; and (3) affirms the commitment of the United States to the protection of animals and to advancing the progress of animal protection around the world. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material in the R
ECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Mr. H
ASTINGS for authoring this important measure on the dog and cat meat trade. It is an important issue to animal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.082 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8154 September 12, 2018 
lovers around this globe, and this reso-lution has garnered tremendous bipar-tisan support. He has over 100 cospon-sors in this Congress for it. Protecting the world’s animals, whether we are talking about dogs and cats or rhinoceros and elephant, it is not a partisan issue; and I am proud to have authored a number of critical pieces of legislation to advance this cause, including the END Wildlife Traf-ficking Act of 2016. Mr. Speaker, in recent years, we have made some important progress toward stopping the consumption of dog meat around the world. But, sadly, dog meat markets still exist in Asia. In fact, it is estimated that 30 mil-lion dogs and 10 million cats die annu-ally across Asia as a result of the dog and cat meat trade, and they often live under horrendous conditions. And this practice—I would make one other point—it also raises serious pub-lic health concerns. The World Health Organization has linked the dog meat industry to human outbreaks of mul-tiple serious diseases, including chol-era, and including rabies. The spread of disease is made worse by all aspects of the trade, from the unsanitary condi-tions of slaughter, and the sale of dog meat in open-air markets and res-taurants, and from that, to the traf-ficking of these animals across inter-national borders. This important resolution urges all nations to abolish the dog and cat meat trade, to enforce existing laws against such trade, and to affirm the U.S. commitment to protecting ani-mals, both here at home and around the world. I urge my colleagues to join me in support of this measure. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I too rise in support of this measure. Let me, first of all, thank my friend from Florida, Mr. H
ASTINGS , for his work on this resolution, and thank Chairman R
OYCE for moving it forward. This is one of those issues that cer-tainly stirs the emotions of anyone who learns about it. The horrible abuse of dogs and cats crammed into cages, driven across borders, slaughtered and sold in meat markets, it just seems so cruel and needless. The animal rights community has come together around this issue, plead-ing for an end to these inhumane prac-tices, particularly in the markets in Asia where this takes place the most. There are broader concerns as well. The trade of dog and cat meat is asso-ciated with health risks, including the spread of disease. And an illegal mar-ket for this meat has sprung up in places where governments have failed to step in and enforce their own laws against these practices. So I think it is important that the House go on record saying we oppose this practice. I am glad to support this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the esteemed gentleman from Florida (Mr. HASTINGS ). Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding, and I thank my good friend, the chairman of this committee, for bringing this for-ward. I rise in support of this measure, urg-ing all nations to outlaw the inhumane dog and cat meat trade, and to enforce existing laws against this barbaric practice. In June of 2017, I introduced this measure with my distinguished col-league and cochairman of the Florida delegation, Congressman V
ERN B
UCHANAN . It is estimated that tens of millions of dogs and cats are killed for human consumption annually across the globe. This display of animal cruelty is not only inhumane, but also a threat to public health for citizens and inter-national visitors. This resolution affirms the United States’ commitment to the protection of animals, and advances the animal protection movement rapidly growing worldwide. These innocent animals, often per-sonal pets, are forcibly taken, shoved into cages with broken bones, then shipped long distances, without food or water, to meat markets, where they are regularly bludgeoned, mutilated, boiled, or skinned while still alive. When I was a child, I had three big dogs, True Boy, August, and Tuesday. And in their memory, I am sure that they would be equally proud that their owner was standing up for descendants of theirs and others. By passing H. Res. 401, Congress can bring the world one step closer to hope-fully ending this cruel practice once and for all. Mr. Speaker, from the bottom of my heart, I want to thank the thousands of activists across the country and around the globe for their tireless ef-forts. They have never wavered in their commitment in the fight against the global dog and cat meat trade. It is my sincere hope that we expedi-tiously pass this measure. By doing so, we will send a strong message, that no matter where you live, animal cruelty is simply wrong. A special thanks to Lisa Vanderpump, and Ken Todd, and Dr. John Sessa, all of them being my friends, and certainly, Marc Ching, who has personally witnessed many of these things in Yulin and elsewhere, that brought my attention to this measure. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this resolution. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I reserve the balance of my time to close. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ne-vada (Ms. T
ITUS), a cosponsor of this bill, and a valuable member of the For-eign Affairs Committee. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman, and also to my friend from Florida who sponsored this legislation. I too rise in support of H. Res. 401. It is a resolution urging countries around the world to outlaw the dog and cat meat trade, and to recommit to enforc-ing existing laws against this horrible practice. As you have heard, approximately 30 million dogs and tens of millions of cats are killed annually for human con-sumption; and many suffer from abuse and cruelty during their lifetime, fac-ing painful deaths at the hands of these horrible meat dealers. We cannot af-ford to turn a blind eye to the extreme torment that they have to endure. In the United States, we cherish dogs and cats, recognizing their many con-tributions as service and therapy ani-mals, search and rescue assistants, and police dogs that aid with drug and bomb searches. b1815 They provide airport security, are companions to our veterans, and are cherished family pets. As a member of the Congressional Animal Protection Caucus, I am a proud cosponsor of this legislation, which enjoyed the support of 150 bipar-tisan cosponsors and passed the com-mittee by a voice vote. I have worked hard in Congress to end the dog and cat meat trade, eliminate the use of dog leather, and protect our furry and feathered friends from undue harm and abuse. Hundreds of constituents have writ-ten us about this issue, and they want the United States to speak up and set an example. Mr. Speaker, I believe this resolution does just that. I thank those who are responsible for bringing it, those who have lent their voice in sup-port of it, and I look forward to seeing it pass today. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, let me say in closing, I am, again, grateful to Mr. HASTINGS and to all the people who have helped elevate this issue. Actu-ally, I have gotten many calls from people who are very, very concerned about this bill and who want to see it passed. I have been a dog lover all my life, had the wonderful time to have dogs, and to me, it is just unfathomable that they are suffering like this in the trade to eat dogs and cats. It is really just something that is awful. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to support this measure. It is a bipartisan bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I want to thank Mr. H
ASTINGS again for this legislation and for cham-pioning his support for the protection of dogs and cats around the world. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina). The ques-tion is on the motion offered by the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.084 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8155 September 12, 2018 
gentleman from California (Mr. R OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 401, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the resolu-tion, as amended, was agreed to. The title of the resolution was amended so as to read: ‘‘Resolution urging all nations to outlaw the dog and cat meat trade and to enforce ex-isting laws against such trade.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
RESCUING ANIMALS WITH REWARDS ACT OF 2018 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6197) to amend the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 to authorize rewards for thwarting wildlife trafficking linked to transnational organized crime, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6197 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Rescuing Animals With Rewards Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘RAWR Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS; SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) Wildlife trafficking is a major transnational crime that is estimated to generate over $10 billion a year in illegal profits and which is increasingly perpetrated by organized, sophisticated criminal enter-prises, including known terrorist organiza-tions. (2) Wildlife trafficking not only threatens endangered species worldwide, but also jeop-ardizes local security, spreads disease, under-mines rule of law, fuels corruption, and dam-ages economic development. (3) Combating wildlife trafficking requires a coordinated and sustained approach at the global, regional, national, and local levels. (4) Congress stated in the Eliminate, Neu-tralize, and Disrupt Wildlife Trafficking Act of 2016 that it is the policy of the United States to take immediate actions to stop the illegal global trade in wildlife and wildlife products and associated transnational orga-nized crime. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Department of State’s re-wards program is a powerful tool in com-bating sophisticated international crime and that the Department of State and Federal law enforcement should work in concert to offer rewards that target wildlife traffickers. 
SEC. 3. REWARDS FOR JUSTICE. 
Subparagraph (B) of section 36(k)(5) of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2708(k)(5)) is amended by in-serting ‘‘wildlife trafficking (as defined by section 2(12) of the Eliminate, Neutralize, and Disrupt Wildlife Trafficking Act of 2016 (16 U.S.C. 7601(12); Public Law 114–231)) and’’ after ‘‘includes’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous materials in the R
ECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure, which targets transnational wildlife traffickers through the State Department’s existing global rewards program. These rewards will serve as a powerful tool to capture and to con-vict—to convict—wanted transnational criminals and terrorists who profit from the illegal wildlife trade. Last week as we opened the papers, there were 87 elephant carcasses dis-covered in Botswana’s Okavango Delta. These animals were shot by poachers. They were brutally stripped of their tusks. They were left to die. This is a very real and urgent issue. Wildlife trafficking is generating over $10 billion a year in illegal profits for increasingly sophisticated criminal syndicates, and it is also generating profits for terrorists who are involved in this kind of slaughter. The illegal ivory trade is especially lucrative. Mr. Speaker, for years now, I have been engaged in this effort to save some of the most endangered species. During a recent trip to Tanzania, my colleagues and I met with the law en-forcement and park rangers on the front lines. They told us how they were outmanned. They are outgunned. They are up against sophisticated criminal networks that use helicopters, that use night vision goggles. We have met with local communities impacted by these crimes, who explain how wildlife trafficking jeopardizes local security, spreads disease, of course undermines the rule of law. It fuels corruption. It damages economic development. Wildlife trafficking is a serious na-tional security threat, and combating it requires a global approach to identi-fying and apprehending the world’s worst offenders. And time is not on our side. Each day of inaction means more animals poached, more cash for crimi-nal syndicates and terrorists. Mr. Speaker, I thank the bill’s au-thor, Representative D
ONOVAN , as well as cosponsors C
ASTRO and Ranking Member E
LIOT ENGEL for their work on this important measure. I urge my col-leagues to join me in support of this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6197, the Rescuing Animals With Re-wards Act of 2018. I would like to begin by thanking Mr. DONOVAN and Mr. C ASTRO for intro-ducing this important legislation, and I would also like to thank Chairman R
OYCE for his incredible efforts over many, many years to promote the con-servation of wildlife and wild places. In recent years, Congress has taken a number of important steps to combat wildlife trafficking, but the situation remains dire. Over the last 10 years, one-third of African elephants have been slaughtered for their tusks. Let me say that again. Over the last 10 years, one-third of African elephants have been slaughtered for their tusks. That is a shocking statistic. Rhino populations have also been decimated, and many other species are at risk. Protecting wildlife is the right thing to do. I know the Wildlife Conservation Society does a really good job. My good friend John Calvelli is leading the charge there, and so I am very aware of what we need to do to protect our wild-life. But not only is it the right thing to do, it also serves American national se-curity interests. Wildlife trafficking feeds corruption, undermines the rule of law, threatens economic prosperity, and drives instability, and it is carried out by many of the same international criminal syndicates engaged in the trafficking of drugs, weapons, and peo-ple. This bipartisan, commonsense legis-lation before us today provides our government with a tool it can use to tackle the illegal trade in wildlife. Spe-cifically, it authorizes rewards under the State Department’s Rewards for Justice program for information lead-ing to the arrest or conviction of those engaged in wildlife trafficking. This can provide a powerful financial incen-tive for people to turn in those respon-sible for this appalling activity. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of our col-leagues to support this bipartisan leg-islation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. D
ONOVAN ), a mem-ber of the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs, a former prosecutor. He is the au-thor of this bill. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to sponsor the RAWR Act, Rescuing Animals With Rewards, H.R. 6197. The RAWR Act will help ensure that taking down terrorists and transnational criminal organizations engaged in wildlife trafficking and poaching will be a top Rewards pri-ority. Combating terrorism is of the utmost importance, not just to my constitu-ents, not just to New Yorkers, but to the entire Nation. It is an issue that transcends party lines. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  a letter of support from the Wildlife Conservation Society and a letter of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.087 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8156 September 12, 2018 
support and endorsement from the Hu-mane Society of the United States, the Humane Society Legislative Fund, and Humane Society International. 
WILDLIFE CONSERVATION SOCIETY , Bronx, NY, September 12, 2018. Hon. D
ANIEL M. D ONOVAN , Jr., House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARCONGRESSMAN DONOVAN : The Wildlife Conservation Society writes to express our support for H.R. 6197, the RAWR Act, as a way to help crack down on the destabilizing criminal trafficking that threatens both wildlife and U.S. economic and security in-terests. The RAWR Act would allow the U.S. De-partment of State to add wildlife trafficking, as defined by the END Wildlife Trafficking Act, to the list of transnational criminal ac-tivities for which it may provide monetary rewards to informants and tipsters. As the founders of the 96 Elephants campaign, dedi-cated to stopping the killing, trafficking and demand for illegal wildlife, we would applaud this change. Wildlife trafficking is a serious national security issue. The transnational organized criminal groups that profit from illegal wild-life products are the same ones trafficking in weapons, narcotics and people. This activity destabilizes regions important for U.S. eco-nomic interests and undermines the good governance and the rule of law. Targeting wildlife trafficking is essential if we want future generations to live in a world that is still home to our most iconic animals. The demand for ivory, rhino horn, tiger skins, and other products is causing those endangered species and many others to rapidly diminish. WCS works globally to disrupt wildlife trafficking networks and the criminals that run them, creating and sharing intelligence products with government enforcement agencies, and improving communications at the national and international scale to im-plement proactive enforcement activities. The passage of the RAWR Act would add an effective new tactic to the efforts to stop wildlife trafficking. We appreciate all your work on inter-national conservation issues, from taking part in last year’s ivory crush in New York’s Central Park to leading on the push for U.S. government investments in global anti-traf-ficking programs, which has been of invalu-able assistance in securing the world’s en-dangered wildlife. 
SEPTEMBER 11, 2018. Hon. D
ANDONOVAN , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE DONOVAN : We are pleased to offer the support and endorsement of The Humane Society of the United States, Humane Society Legislative Fund, and Hu-mane Society International for the Rescuing Animals With Rewards (RAWR) Act of 2018, H.R. 6197. Wildlife trafficking is one of the biggest global threats to wild animals and one of the most lucrative illicit trades in the world, generating more than $10 billion a year. It is a main culprit in the declines of countless species, from elephants and tigers to pangolins. The underground revenues of the trade also threaten the rule of law by fueling international organized crime and terrorism. The RAWR Act takes a positive step against wildlife trafficking by building on the success of the Eliminate, Neutralize, and Disrupt Wildlife Trafficking Act of 2016 (P.L. 114–231), authorizing the U.S. Department of State to use its successful rewards program to target wildlife traffickers globally and to combat international crime networks, in-cluding known terrorist organizations. We commend you and Representative Cas-tro for introducing this bill, and we urge all Members of the U.S. House of Representa-tives to support it. Sincerely, KITTY BLOCK , Acting President & CEO, The Humane Society of the United States. S
ARAAMUNDSON , President, Humane So-ciety Legislative Fund. T
ERESA M. T ELECKY , P
H.D., Vice President, Wild-life Humane Society International. 
Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, yester-day was the 17th anniversary of Sep-tember 11. It was a stark reminder of the danger terrorism poses to the Na-tion every single day. The district I represent, Staten Is-land and South Brooklyn, which is home to many of New York’s bravest and finest, suffered hundreds of casual-ties on September 11. Since then, New York remains the world’s number one target for terrorism. As a nation, we have become a more resilient and determined nation to mitigate threats against us; but as we have choked off other resources of money, terrorists have increasingly turned to wildlife trafficking as a way to fund their heinous endeavors. Any step that we can take that will lead to the capture and conviction of anyone engaged in wildlife trafficking, espe-cially terrorists, is a step in the right direction. Reports indicate that crimes related to illegal wildlife trafficking generate billions of dollars a year. These illicit funds turn into terrorist financing, fuel instability, and help arm groups in Af-rica. The prices that wildlife traffickers can fetch for hunting and ruthlessly killing animals are staggering. Con-servation groups estimate that a kilo-gram of raw ivory can be worth as much as $2,100, while a kilogram of rhino horn can be worth $65,000. I am confident that the Foreign Af-fairs Committee and the House of Rep-resentatives will continue to fight against this problem. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my chairman, Chairman R
OYCE , for his support on this bill and the ranking member and my colleague from New York, E
LIOT ENGEL . I thank my friend, Congressman C
ASTRO , for co-leading with me, and I thank the House leader-ship for bringing this bill to the floor. Mr. Speaker, I would also like to thank the staff of the Foreign Affairs Committee, especially Meg Gallagher and Sean O’Neill, who put much work into this act. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ne-vada (Ms. T
ITUS), a cosponsor of this bill and, as I said before, a very valued House Foreign Affairs Committee member. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and I thank Ranking Member ENGEL for his leader-ship in this. I, too, rise in support of H.R. 6197. It is a bill that will combat the illegal wildlife trade by authorizing rewards for information on wildlife traffickers through the State Department’s Re-wards for Justice program. First, I want to thank the cospon-sors, Representatives D
ONOVAN and C
ASTRO , for their work on this bipar-tisan legislation, along with Chairman R
OYCE , who has dedicated his career to helping animals in faraway places. Wildlife trafficking generates over $10 billion, annually, for transnational criminal networks. As such, it not only decimates endangered wildlife species, but it also threatens security and fuels corruption. H.R. 6197 gives the State Department another tool to go after wildlife traf-fickers, and it positively complements the END Wildlife Trafficking Act, which recognizes wildlife trafficking as a serious crime. Together, these two efforts will fuel a multipronged, coordinated approach to combating the illegal wildlife trade and will help to bring the perpetrators to justice. As an advocate for wildlife protec-tions, I am proud to cosponsor this leg-islation, and I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of it today and end this wildlife trafficking practice. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, let me say in closing, I want to again thank Mr. D
ONOVAN and Mr. C
ASTRO for authoring this bill and Chairman R
OYCE for his extraordinary leadership in efforts to combat wildlife trafficking. It is shocking to me that in the year 2018 people still want to kill majestic animals like elephants and rhinos for their body parts. It is just disgusting. We need to continue our support of a multipronged effort to address the poaching crisis, going after the inter-national criminal networks that drive this illicit trade, working with other governments to establish and enforce tough laws against wildlife trafficking, partnering with local communities in the countries where animals live to make sure they have a stake in pro-tecting wildlife, and educating con-sumers about the consequences of their decisions to purchase illegal wildlife products, because we really need to hit them in their pocketbooks. If people are purchasing these things, the illicit trafficking is going to continue. b1830 The bipartisan legislation before us today will provide one additional tool in the fight against wildlife traf-ficking, and I urge my colleagues from both sides of the aisle to join me in supporting it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.088 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8157 September 12, 2018 
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, a former district attor-ney like D
ANDONOVAN can tell you, if you are trying to get the attention of a thug, there is nothing like a reward on your head to create real fear for that terrorist or that criminal. We want wildlife traffickers to know the fear of being hunted. It is time we send the message to wildlife traffickers around the world that the United States will use every tool at our dis-posal to stop them and to take them down. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6197. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: H.R. 5923, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 3186, by the yeas and nays; and H.R. 4689, by the yeas and nays. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. 
f 
WALNUT GROVE LAND EXCHANGE ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5923) to direct the Secretary of Agriculture to exchange certain pub-lic lands in Ouachita National Forest, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Montana (Mr. G
IANFORTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 379, nays 3, not voting 46, as follows: 
[Roll No. 394] YEAS—379 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Hollingsworth Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Norcross Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Rothfus Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—3 
Amash Biggs Massie 
NOT VOTING—46 
Adams Barletta Blackburn Brady (PA) Butterfield Cicilline Ellison Eshoo Gottheimer Gutie´rrez Hice, Jody B. Holding Hoyer Hunter Hurd Jones Lamborn Lofgren Lynch Maloney, Sean McCaul Meng Nolan Norman O’Rourke Pearce Pelosi Pittenger Price (NC) Renacci Rice (SC) Rohrabacher Rooney, Thomas J. Ross Rouzer Sanford Shea-Porter Smucker Speier Taylor Turner Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Wilson (FL) Young (AK) 
b1856 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 394. 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE HONORING THOSE WHO LOST THEIR LIVES IN THE CALIFORNIA FIRES (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, Cali-fornia and the West, as has become all too frequent, have experienced dev-astating fires this year. The loss of life and damage to property has been im-mense, and we are just partially through the fire season. Our firefighters, in particular, wheth-er they are U.S. Forest Service, Cal Fire, volunteers, contractors, or mu-nicipal, have worked hard and sac-rificed to protect the communities and resources, such as the firefighters I saw in northern California all the way up from Los Angeles County. At the peak of California’s summer fires, there were more than 14,000 fire-fighters from 17 States joined in this effort. The work is brutal. It is hot, smoky, tiring, and there are few breaks, if any. These recent fires took a heavy toll on these men and women. In July, the Ferguson fire took the lives of Braden Varney and Captain 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.090 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8158 September 12, 2018 
Brian Hughes, both killed while bat-tling flames near Yosemite National Park. Later that month, the Mendocino Complex fires, on record as the largest wildfire in our State’s history, burning more than 459,000 acres, took the life of Battalion Chief Matthew Burchett from Utah, who died after he was in-jured while working on an active por-tion of the Ranch fire. The Carr fire in my district was one of the most severe fires our State has ever seen. It devastated 229,000 acres, destroying nearly 1,100 homes, and took the lives of eight people, includ-ing three firefighters and one utility lineman: Jeremy Stoke, Don Smith, Andrew Brake, and Jay Ayeta. This fire was so large and hot that it created its own weather system, in-cluding a fire tornado the size of three football fields with winds up to 165 miles an hour created by the fire, leav-ing families with little time to find their way through bottleneck traffic to safety. Tragically, the fast-growing flames entrapped four residents unable to es-cape their homes in time, including Daniel Bush of Keswick, as well as Mel-ody Bledsoe and her two great-grand-children, James and Emily Roberts. As the flames continued, more than 5,000 firefighters and emergency per-sonnel put their lives on the line bat-tling the fire, at times working more than 24-hour shifts. Some of these individuals, as local residents, lost their own homes in the flames, yet they spent weeks pro-tecting others. The courage of these men and women in some of the darkest times of these affected areas will long be remembered. I thank my colleagues from Cali-fornia, together today for our support of each other. We have all felt this each in our own way as still more fires rage on right now throughout our State. Mr. Speaker, I now ask that the House observe a moment of silence for all of those who lost their lives in these terrible fires and to stand in solidarity with the many individuals who are now starting the long, painful process of re-building their lives. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida). Will all Members please rise for a moment of silence. 
f 
EVERY KID OUTDOORS ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, 5-minute voting will con-tinue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3186) to establish an Every Kid Outdoors program, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 383, nays 2, not voting 43, as follows: 
[Roll No. 395] YEAS—383 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Norcross Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Rothfus Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—2 
Amash Biggs 
NOT VOTING—43 
Adams Barletta Blackburn Brady (PA) Butterfield Cicilline Ellison Eshoo Gottheimer Gutie´rrez Hice, Jody B. Holding Hunter Hurd Issa Jones Lofgren Lynch Maloney, Sean Meng Nolan Norman O’Rourke Pearce Pelosi Pittenger Price (NC) Renacci Rice (SC) Rohrabacher Rooney, Thomas J. Ross Rouzer Sanford Shea-Porter Smucker Speier Taylor Turner Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine 
b1909 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
AUTHORIZING EARLY REPAYMENT OF OBLIGATIONS TO BUREAU OF RECLAMATION WITHIN NORTHPORT IRRIGATION DIS-TRICT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4689) to authorize early re-payment of obligations to the Bureau of Reclamation within the Northport Irrigation District in the State of Ne-braska, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Montana (Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.093 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8159 September 12, 2018 
GIANFORTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 378, nays 1, not voting 49, as follows: 
[Roll No. 396] YEAS—378 
Abraham Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Norcross Nunes Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Rothfus Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—1 
Amash 
NOT VOTING—49 
Adams Aderholt Barletta Blackburn Brady (PA) Butterfield Cicilline Ellison Eshoo Gottheimer Gutie´rrez Hice, Jody B. Holding Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (WV) Jones Larson (CT) Lofgren Lynch Maloney, Sean Meng Nolan Norman O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Pearce Pelosi Pittenger Price (NC) Renacci Rice (SC) Rohrabacher Rooney, Thomas J. Ross Rouzer Sanford Shea-Porter Sherman Smucker Speier Taylor Turner Vela´zquez Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz 
b1919 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PERMISSION FOR MEMBER TO BE CONSIDERED AS FIRST SPONSOR OF H.R. 2926 Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that I may hereafter be considered to be the first sponsor of H.R. 2926, a bill originally introduced by Representative Meehan of Pennsyl-vania, for the purposes of adding co-sponsors and requesting reprintings pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 6417 Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent to remove my name as a cosponsor of H.R. 6417. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. f 
REPORT ON H.R. 6776, DEPART-MENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 Mr. YODER, from the Committee on Appropriations, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–948) making ap-propriations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, which was referred to the Union Calendar and ordered to be printed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause I, rule XXI, all points of order are reserved on the bill. 
f 
REPEALING PROHIBITION ON CER-TAIN ALCOHOL MANUFACTURING ON INDIAN LANDS Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5317) to repeal section 2141 of the Revised Statutes to remove the prohibition on certain alcohol manu-facturing on Indian lands, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5317 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. REPEAL OF PROHIBITION ON CER-TAIN ALCOHOL MANUFACTURING ON INDIAN LANDS. 
Section 2141 of the Revised Statutes (25 U.S.C. 251) is repealed. 
SEC. 2. NO EFFECT ON TAXATION OR STATE AU-THORITY TO REGULATE ALCOHOL WITHIN STATE BORDERS. 
(a) N OEFFECT ON TAXATION .—Nothing in section 1 or the repeal made by section 1 shall affect State or Federal taxation. (b) S
TATE AUTHORITY UNAFFECTED .—Noth- ing in section 1 or the repeal made by section 1 shall diminish, enlarge, or otherwise affect a State’s authority to regulate the importa-tion and sale of alcoholic beverages within its own borders, including State authority over the manufacture, distribution, trans-portation, or sale of intoxicating liquors. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Montana (Mr. G
IANFORTE ) and the gen-tlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. T
SONGAS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Montana. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Montana? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.095 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8160 September 12, 2018 
There was no objection. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. H
ERRERA  B
EUTLER ). Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yield-ing. Mr. Speaker, I want to begin by say-ing thank you to the members of the Natural Resources Committee and my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for helping move this bill forward in a truly bipartisan manner. My bill, H.R. 5317, repeals the anti-quated 19th century law—from 1834, to be exact—that prohibits distilleries on Tribal lands. This prohibition was en-acted at a time when the Federal Gov-ernment took a more paternalistic stance with Indian Tribes. While many of the provisions in the larger statute have since been repealed, somehow the distillery prohibition remains. This issue came to my attention from the Chehalis Tribe from my home in southwest Washington. The Chehalis began the permitting process for a new economic development project on res-ervation land, which includes the con-struction and operation of a distillery. In the midst of the project, they were made aware of the 1834 law from the Bureau of Indian Affairs, who sug-gested that the Tribe move their project off their land or contact their Member of Congress and change the law. When they contacted me and told me what they were up against, I got to work. I am pleased to put this bill forward today to help place Indian Tribes on equal footing with non-Tribal citizens by allowing them to pursue the very same economic opportunities as every-body else. This repeal enables Tribes to diversify their economic investments and helps provide jobs not just for Tribes, but for neighboring commu-nities as well. This is a matter of fairness, Mr. Speaker. Washington, D.C., shouldn’t be in the business of telling Indian Country it cannot engage in a business that is allowed everywhere else and is actually helping many neighboring areas, in terms of revitalizing their local economy. Lastly, and to be clear, while this bill provides additional opportunities for Tribes, it does not provide special treatment. Tribes will still be required to follow State and Federal liquor laws and regulations, just as they currently do for breweries and wineries. Mr. Speaker, I urge my fellow Mem-bers to vote in favor of this bill. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5317 is simple and straightforward. It repeals an anti-quated law that stands in the way of a Tribal economic development project. The law in question dates back to 1834, and it prohibits the operation of a distillery on Indian lands. On their face, these types of outdated laws may seem trivial, but they have real-world consequences. The Chehalis Tribe in Washington began the permitting process for the construction and operation of an eco-nomic development project, which in-cludes a craft distillery, when they came up against the 1834 law. The project is a great economic develop-ment opportunity, one that will create jobs and revenue not only for the Che-halis Tribe, but for the surrounding communities as well. However, in order for the Tribe to proceed with the project, the prohibition must first be removed. Mr. Speaker, I support the goals of H.R. 5317 and urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes,’’ and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Montana (Mr. G
IANFORTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5317, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
CONTRA COSTA CANAL TRANSFER ACT Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6040) to authorize the Sec-retary of the Interior to convey certain land and facilities of the Central Val-ley Project, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6040 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Contra Costa Canal Transfer Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
CQUIRED LAND .—The term ‘‘acquired land’’ means land in Federal ownership and land over which the Federal Government holds an interest for the purpose of the construction and operation of the Contra Costa Canal, in-cluding land under the jurisdiction of— (A) the Bureau of Reclamation; (B) the Western Area Power Administration; and (C) the Department of Defense in the case of the Clayton Canal diversion traversing the Con-cord Naval Weapons Station. (2) C
ONTRA COSTA CANAL AGREEMENT .—The term ‘‘Contra Costa Canal Agreement’’ means an agreement between the District and the Bu-reau of Reclamation to determine the legal, in-stitutional, and financial terms surrounding the transfer of the Contra Costa Canal, including but not limited to compensation to the reclama-tion fund established by the first section of the Act of June 17, 1902 (32 Stat. 388, chapter 1093), equal to the net present value of miscellaneous revenues that the United States would otherwise derive over the 10 years following enactment of this Act from the eligible lands and facilities to be transferred, as governed by reclamation law and policy and the contracts. (3) C
ONTRA COSTA CANAL .— (A) IN GENERAL .—The term ‘‘Contra Costa Canal’’ means the Contra Costa Canal Unit of the Central Valley Project, which exclusively serves the Contra Costa Water District in an urban area of Contra Costa County, California. (B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘Contra Costa Canal’’ includes pipelines, conduits, pumping plants, aqueducts, laterals, water storage and regulatory facilities, electric substations, related works and improvements, and all interests in land associated with the Contra Costa Canal Unit of the Central Valley Project in existence on the date of enactment of this Act. (C) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘‘Contra Costa Canal’’ does not include the Rock Slough fish screen facility. (4) C
ONTRACTS .—The term ‘‘contracts’’ means the existing water service contract between the District and the United States, Contract No. 175r–3401A–LTR1 (2005), Contract No. 14–06–200– 6072A (1972, as amended), and any other con-tract or land permit involving the United States, the District, and Contra Costa Canal. (5) D
ISTRICT .—The term ‘‘District’’ means the Contra Costa Water District, a political subdivi-sion of the State of California. (6) R
OCK SLOUGH FISH SCREEN FACILITY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘Rock Slough fish screen facility’’ means the fish screen facility at the Rock Slough intake to the Contra Costa Canal. (B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘Rock Slough fish screen facility’’ includes the screen structure, rake cleaning system, and accessory structures integral to the screen function of the Rock Slough fish screen facility, as required under the Central Valley Project Improvement Act (Public Law 102–575; 106 Stat. 4706). (7) R
OCK SLOUGH FISH SCREEN FACILITY TITLE  
TRANSFER AGREEMENT .—The term ‘‘Rock Slough fish screen facility title transfer agreement’’ means an agreement between the District and the Bureau of Reclamation to— (A) determine the legal, institutional, and fi-nancial terms surrounding the transfer of the Rock Slough fish screen facility; and (B) ensure the continued safe and reliable op-erations of the Rock Slough fish screen facility. (8) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. 
SEC. 3. CONVEYANCE OF LAND AND FACILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, in con-sideration for the District assuming from the United States all liability for the administration, operation, maintenance, and replacement of the Contra Costa Canal, consistent with the terms and conditions set forth in the Contra Costa Canal Agreement and subject to valid existing rights and existing recreation agreements be-tween the Bureau of Reclamation and the East Bay Regional Park District for Contra Loma Re-gional Park and other local agencies within the Contra Costa Canal, the Secretary shall offer to convey and assign to the District— (1) all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to— (A) the Contra Costa Canal; and (B) the acquired land; and (2) all interests reserved and developed as of the date of enactment of this Act for the Contra Costa Canal in the acquired land, including ex-isting recreation agreements between the Bu-reau of Reclamation and the East Bay Regional Park District for Contra Loma Regional Park and other local agencies within the Contra Costa Canal. (b) R
OCKSLOUGH FISHSCREEN FACILITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall convey and assign to the District all right, title, and in-terest of the United States in and to the Rock Slough fish screen facility pursuant to the Rock Slough fish screen facility title transfer agree-ment. (2) C
OOPERATION .—No later than 180 days after the conveyance of the Contra Costa Canal, the Secretary and the District shall enter into 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.098 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8161 September 12, 2018 
good faith negotiations to accomplish the con-veyance and assignment under paragraph (1). (c) P
AYMENT OF COSTS.—The District shall pay to the Secretary any administrative and real estate transfer costs incurred by the Sec-retary in carrying out the conveyances and as-signments under subsections (a) and (b), includ-ing the cost of any boundary survey, title search, cadastral survey, appraisal, and other real estate transaction required for the convey-ances and assignments. (d) C
OMPLIANCE WITH ENVIRONMENTAL  L
AWS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Before carrying out the con-veyances and assignments under subsections (a) and (b), the Secretary shall comply with all ap-plicable requirements under— (A) the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); (B) the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.); and (C) any other law applicable to the Contra Costa Canal or the acquired land. (2) E
FFECT .—Nothing in this Act modifies or alters any obligations under— (A) the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); or (B) the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). 
SEC. 4. RELATIONSHIP TO EXISTING CENTRAL VALLEY PROJECT CONTRACTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Nothing in this Act affects— (1) the application of the reclamation laws to water delivered to the District pursuant to any contract with the Secretary; or (2) subject to subsection (b), the contracts. (b) A
MENDMENTS TO CONTRACTS .—The Sec- retary and the District may modify the contracts as necessary to comply with this Act. (c) L
IABILITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graph (2), the United States shall not be liable for damages arising out of any act, omission, or occurrence relating to the Contra Costa Canal or the acquired land. (2) E
XCEPTION .—The United States shall con-tinue to be liable for damages caused by acts of negligence committed by the United States or by any employee or agent of the United States be-fore the date of the conveyance and assignment under section 3(a), consistent with chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Federal Tort Claims Act’’). (3) L
IMITATION .—Nothing in this Act increases the liability of the United States beyond the li-ability provided under chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code. 
SEC. 5. REPORT. 
If the conveyance and assignment authorized by section 3(a) is not completed by the date that is 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report that— (1) describes the status of the conveyance and assignment; (2) describes any obstacles to completing the conveyance and assignment; and (3) specifies an anticipated date for comple-tion of the conveyance and assignment. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Montana (Mr. G
IANFORTE ) and the gen-tlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. T
SONGAS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Montana. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Montana? There was no objection. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 6040 would transfer the Contra Costa Canal to the Contra Costa County Water District. Contra Costa seeks to enclose the earthen canal to increase water supply avail-ability and improve public safety. Officials in the region have docu-mented 81 instances where individuals have drowned from falling into the canal, but, currently, Contra Costa faces financial and bureaucratic chal-lenges to conducting this important upgrade because it doesn’t have title to the canal. This bill would allow local water users who best understand the unique challenges of the area to determine what is right for them. H.R. 6040 is not only advantageous to local bene-ficiaries, but it is also a relief to the American taxpayer. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. DESAULNIER ), the author of this legis-lation. Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. First, I would like to thank the Contra Costa Water District and the Bureau of Reclamation for their sup-port and guidance in putting this bill together. I would also like to thank Senators F
EINSTEIN and H ARRIS for car-rying this bill in the Senate. The bill transfers ownership of the Contra Costa Canal from the Bureau of Reclamation to the Contra Costa Water District. b1930 The Contra Costa Water District cur-rently operates and maintains the canal system as part of its infrastruc-ture for providing water to half a mil-lion people. However, the Bureau of Reclamation still owns the canal, which it began building in 1937. The transfer of the canal to local ownership will allow Contra Costa Water District to invest in much-need-ed upgrades, repairs, and to provide safety and environmental benefits to its customers. Contra Costa Water District intends to invest an estimated $650 million to enclose the pipe, which will mitigate flood risk to the surrounding commu-nity, extend the useful life of this in-frastructure for another 80 years, and prevent drownings, which currently av-erage about one per year. I appreciate that the Contra Costa Water District has conducted extensive outreach for the local communities and has broad support in the district. This bill also acknowledges an agree-ment with the East Bay Regional Park District, which will continue to main-tain important recreational opportuni-ties along the canal. In closing, I would like to thank Chairman BISHOP and Ranking Member G
RIJALVA for their support in moving this legislation forward that will have enormous benefits for our community. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CNERNEY ). Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank M
ARK DESAULNIER for intro-ducing this bill. This legislation will allow the Contra Costa Water District to assume control over the Contra Costa Canal. It will make important safety improvements by enclosing the waterway to protect against accidental drownings. As Mr. G
IANFORTE indicated, there have been 81 drownings. Now, if you look at the canals: It is a hot day. They look refreshing. It looks safe. It is not. It is very, very dangerous. Even the best swimmers can drown in those conditions. It will also improve both the water supply and the land around the canal for recreational use. Additionally, it will upgrade the fish screening equip-ment to better protect endangered spe-cies. Title transfers such as this will re-duce the backlog for repairing and up-grading infrastructure and may reduce duplicative Federal approvals. These type of water projects are the kind of pragmatic policymaking that we should be focusing on on a bipartisan basis. This bill is one of many pieces of leg-islation that is necessary to maintain the health of the California delta, which supports the livelihoods of farm-ers, businesses, and families in my dis-trict. Above all, we need policies that focus on water efficiency and resilience. This program will increase the resilience of the canals. This is forward-thinking legislation that concentrates on miti-gating increasing damage from climate change. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, the Contra Costa Canal serves as a primary water delivery system for 500,000 people in central and eastern Contra Costa County, California. The canal system is currently too exposed, resulting in safety hazards, degraded water quality and supply, and increased maintenance costs. Tragically, 81 people have drowned in the canal since it became operational. H.R. 6040 will transfer ownership of the Contra Costa Canal from the De-partment of the Interior to the Contra Costa Water District so the district can upgrade this 81-year-old water infra-structure with a secure, buried pipe-line. In addition to the many benefits of this legislation to the people of the county, transferring ownership of the canal will also benefit wildlife. The planned updates to the system will re-duce unnecessary water losses from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE7.046 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8162 September 12, 2018 
seepage in unlined portions of the canal and prevent further losses from evaporation. Preventing water loss will ensure that additional water is deliv-ered to national wildlife refuges in California. Mr. Speaker, I support passage of this legislation. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes,’’ and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Montana (Mr. G
IANFORTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6040, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE ATTACK ON BENGHAZI (Mr. MAST asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today because it has been 6 years since the attack on the American consulate in Benghazi and ask that we reflect on the four patriotic Americans who lost their lives: Petty Officer First Class Glen Doherty and Senior Chief Petty Officer Tyrone Woods were Navy SEALs, doing what they loved, serving as security personnel in Libya and working to pro-tect United States diplomats. Ambassador Chris Stevens and Staff Sergeant Sean Smith served for a com-bined 31 years with the U.S. State De-partment. In honor of their memory, I am ask-ing that our colleagues cosponsor the Gold Medal Act, H.R. 2315, to formally recognize these four men with the Con-gressional Gold Medal for their her-oism and dedication to our country. I am asking that every Member of the House think about their 12 grueling hours of close-quarters combat, the crack of those AK–47s firing at them and next to each one of them, the indi-rect fire that their compound was tak-ing, the fires that burned their bodies, the unanswered calls for help. Think about their lifesaving actions on behalf of others and the fact that it cost them their own lives. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Byrd, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate agrees to the report of the committee of conference on the dis-agreeing votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 5895) ‘‘An Act making appro-priations for energy and water develop-ment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes.’’. The message also announced that the Senate agreed to a concurrent resolu-tion of the following title in which the concurrence of the House is requested: S. Con. Res. 46. Concurrent Resolution di-recting the Clerk of the House of Representa-tives to make a correction in the enrollment of H.R. 5895. f 
DHS TRANSFER OF $10 MILLION FROM FEMA TO ICE (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, Hurricane Florence is possibly the most dev-astating hurricane to hit the Carolinas in a lifetime. Let us prepare for the worst and hope for the best. As global climate change makes ex-treme weather events more likely and more dangerous, the Trump adminis-tration is burying its head in the sand. A month ago, FEMA released an inter-nal review of its response to Hurricane Maria, admitting that, among other things, when Hurricane Maria struck, FEMA’s warehouses in Puerto Rico were basically empty. Then yesterday we find out that the Trump administration diverted $10 mil-lion from FEMA to ICE in order to boost its detention program and lock up children in cages away from their parents and babies from their mothers. This is outrageous. It is just another example of how callous the Trump ad-ministration is and how misplaced its priorities are. I hope that FEMA and the Trump ad-ministration do better in the Carolinas because Hurricane Florence is going to be devastating. 
f 
RECOGNIZING HONOR FLIGHT SOUTH FLORIDA (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise tonight to thank Honor Flight South Florida for its work to recognize outstanding veterans of our Armed Forces. This Saturday, September 15, Honor Flight South Florida, in con-junction with the Miami International Airport, will again lead a group of these brave veterans on their visit to our Nation’s capital. Since its inception in 2005, the mis-sion of Honor Flight has been to wel-come our heroes to Washington so that these patriots may visit their memo-rials. Today, the Honor Flight network has 140 regional hubs across the United States, each working tirelessly to pay tribute to these amazing Americans. Mr. Speaker, as the wife of a combat- wounded Vietnam veteran and step-mother and mother-in-law to Marine Corps aviators, I am familiar with the courage and the resolve that is re-quired to dedicate one’s life to the service of others. I am so thankful for all the veterans’ devotion to our Na-tion, as well as the great work of orga-nizations like Honor Flight. We must never forget the contribu-tions these brave men and women have made to our country, and I wish Honor Flight and the vets they serve the ut-most success in the years to come. f 
PREEXISTING CONDITIONS (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to condemn the efforts by the Trump ad-ministration and this Republican Con-gress to strip health insurance cov-erage from millions of Americans. Before the Affordable Care Act, greedy insurance companies locked out people with preexisting conditions like it was nothing. A Federal court is hearing a case, Texas v. United States, which could dismantle several key health protec-tions, one of which is protections for individuals with preexisting condi-tions. Trump’s Justice Department refuses to defend existing law, which is unprec-edented, and shirks its responsibility to defend the laws Congress has passed. This could hurt millions of people. In the United States, there are 130 million people with preexisting condi-tions. In Ohio alone, 42 percent of the population has preexisting conditions. In a recent poll, 75 percent of the pub-lic, regardless of party affiliation, said protections for people with preexisting conditions are very important. This is what the American people want and need. As a Congress, we are charged to represent the interests of the people; to be for the people, not the big insurance companies, not the big pharmaceutical companies that would profit even more from a lopsided healthcare system. Every American life matters. Every single one of them. 
f 
IMPENDING CRISIS IN SYRIA (Mr. HILL asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise to again bring attention to the impending crisis in Idlib province, Syria. Last week I spoke in the well of the House about the great work our Kan-sans and Americans are doing in sup-port of the innocent Syrian people, many of them with no connection to Syria other than seeing years of point-less death and mayhem and wanting to help the Syrian people cope with their country’s destruction and return to their families, their villages, their work. I learned today that many of those Syrians that my fellow Americans sup-port are now only a few kilometers away from the frontlines of the Assad- backed war machine. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.101 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8163 September 12, 2018 
The U.S. must continue to support Turkey’s push to achieve a diplomatic solution to at least delay an assault on Idlib. I believe the use of chemical weapons should not be the only trigger for an American response, but that we can no longer stand by as scores of innocents are massacred by the brutal dictator and his Russian agents. I call on the President to strengthen his resolve against Assad’s barbarous acts and to continue to support the in-nocent Syrian people. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF CHRISTOPHER ELIJAH HARNUM (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the life of Christopher Elijah Harnum. On November 13, 2010, Chris was a victim of gun violence, a 14-year-old boy shot through the stomach as he played with his friends. Chris spent over a year in the hos-pital recovering from his injuries. As he recovered, Chris devoted his life to serving others. Chris worked to become an EMT so that he could help those in need. In the aftermath of the October 1 shooting in Las Vegas, Chris formed Vegas Out of Ashes, a nonprofit de-voted to helping those victims. Chris personally collected donations, pur-chased water and goods, promoted blood drives, and visited local hos-pitals. Through it all, Chris struggled with PTSD and depression from his own trauma. The events of October 1 re-opened Chris’ wounds, and as he worked tirelessly to help those suf-fering around him, Chris suffered him-self. On August 19, 2018, Chris lost his bat-tle against depression. Today, I honor Chris as a fighter, who rose from his own ashes to put the needs of others above his own, who ex-uded love through his own pain and who embodied the best of what it means to be a Nevadan, a Las Vegan, and an American. 
f 
b1945 ARMENIAN GENOCIDE (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, more than a century ago, one of the most horrific genocides in history took place as the world was fixated on the Great War raging in Europe. The Ottoman Empire and its suc-cessor state, the modern Republic of Turkey, have always denied the atroc-ities they committed against the Ar-menian people. For too long, our own government has played along with Turkey. We have allowed politics to blind us from the mass murder of 11⁄2million innocent Armenians by the Ottoman Turks. We must officially recognize this horrific crime to prevent similar events from occurring again. This also means pres-suring the Turks to acknowledge their past sins. Turkey, under dictator Erdogan, has proven to be an oppressor of his own people. Today, we see him adopt simi-lar brutality against the Kurds that was applied to the Armenians more than a century ago. This behavior is unacceptable by a NATO member and a supposed Amer-ican ally. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
HONORING VEL R. PHILLIPS (Ms. MOORE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, tomorrow, the House is going to take up and, hopefully, pass legislation that I have introduced to honor a Wisconsin hero and one of my she-roes, Vel R. Phillips. The bill would designate a post office in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, in her honor. Vel was the first of so many things: the first African American and the first woman to become an alderman in the city of Milwaukee; the first African American woman to graduate from the University of Wisconsin-Madison Law School; the first African American judge in Milwaukee County; the first and only African American to win elec-tion statewide in Wisconsin. But her life and contributions cannot simply be summed up by merely adding up her many firsts. Such an approach gives short shrift of her local and na-tional impact. For you see, Mr. Speak-er, she was a soldier for social justice in the national movement for desegre-gation in housing in the open housing movement. I first met Vel when I was 16 years old, and she was the judge in an orator-ical contest. That encounter has made a lifelong impact on me. Vel passed away earlier this year in her 90s, but her legacy of love, service, and commitment lives on. 
f 
SUICIDE PREVENTION WEEK (Mr. GIANFORTE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to bring attention to the tragic epidemic that impacts too many Mon-tanans and Americans. Suicide rates are increasing across the country. On average, a Montanan dies by suicide every 33 hours. Suicide is now the eighth leading cause of death in Montana. The Centers for Dis-ease Control recently reported a 30 per-cent increase in suicide rates in the last 20 years, with nearly 45,000 Ameri-cans taking their own lives in 2016. Veterans account for almost 20 per-cent of all suicides in the United States. Suicide rates amongst farmers have been increasing. We, however, can reverse the trajec-tory of one of the leading causes of death in this country. There is good news coming out of Montana. The Billings Clinic, which I recently toured, announced it will launch Montana’s first psychiatric residency program. This will expand access to mental healthcare for our more rural areas. I speak out today during Suicide Pre-vention Week because suicide is pre-ventable. Access to crisis resources saves lives. Mental and behavioral health research saves lives. Ending the stigma surrounding suicide saves lives. f 
HONORING SERGEANT GERALD TIMMANN (Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor an American hero, Sergeant Gerald Timmann. Sergeant Timmann is a Vietnam combat veteran from Leetonia, Ohio, who served in the 101st Airborne from 1967 to 1969. He spent 13 grueling months in Vietnam’s jungles and was exposed to some of the worst battles in the conflict. Ten days prior to the end of his tour, Sergeant Timmann was hit by a gre-nade during combat, causing him to lose both legs. Sergeant Timmann says he is forever grateful to the brave medevac helicopter crews that, under heavy fire, rescued him. In honor of his profound bravery, Sergeant Timmann has deservedly re-ceived a number of awards, including the Purple Heart, Infantry Combat Medal, and National Defense Service Medal. Sergeant Timmann exemplifies the selfless courage of our military, and I am honored to share his story with the Nation today. 
f 
PERMANENT REAUTHORIZATION OF THE LAND AND WATER CON-SERVATION FUND (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues, Dem-ocrat and Republican alike, and House leadership to support permanent reau-thorization of the Land and Water Con-servation Fund. This vital program benefits millions of Americans in innu-merable ways, from promoting rec-reational activity to contributing to our Nation’s robust economy, along with furthering environmental protec-tion. As we rapidly approach the deadline for this crucial program, which affects 98 percent of counties here in the United States and contributes to an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.104 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8164 September 12, 2018 
economy that encompasses 1 out of 15 American jobs, I urge this Congress to take up full permanent funding for the Land and Water Conservation Fund. Since its establishment 50 years ago, the Land and Water Conservation Fund has greatly benefitted my home dis-trict in Bucks and Montgomery Coun-ties in Pennsylvania. Treasured public lands such as Nockamixon State Park, Tyler State Park, and cherished com-munity venues such as Hatfield Com-munity Park are all just a few of the examples of the beneficiaries of this valuable fund. I am encouraged by the strong bipar-tisan support for permanent funding of the Land and Water Conservation Fund. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to continue its au-thorization and funding on a perma-nent basis. Mr. Speaker, this must be a bipar-tisan priority, and we must get this done. The alternative is unacceptable. 
f 
IMPOSING CERTAIN SANCTIONS IN THE EVENT OF FOREIGN INTER-FERENCE IN A UNITED STATES ELECTION—MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 115–152) The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Committee on the Judiciary, Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence, and Committee on House Administra-tion, and ordered to be printed: To the Congress of the United States: Pursuant to the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), the National Emergencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.), section 212(f) of the Immigration and Nationality Act of 1952 (8 U.S.C. 1182(f)), and sec-tion 301 of title 3, United States Code, I hereby report that I have issued an Executive Order declaring a national emergency to deal with the threat of foreign interference in United States elections and authorizing the United States Government to impose a range of appropriate and meaningful sanc-tions against foreign individuals and entities determined to have engaged in election interference. Foreign powers have historically sought to exploit America’s free and open political system. In recent years, the proliferation of digital devices and internet-based communications has created significant vulnerabilities and magnified the scope and intensity of the threat of foreign interference. To deal with this threat, I have directed the Director of National Intelligence to conduct regular assessments of any in-formation indicating that foreign elec-tion interference has taken place. I have also directed the Attorney Gen-eral and Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity to conduct evaluations of the ef-fects of any such interference that tar-geted election infrastructure or cam-paign-related infrastructure, and to provide updates and recommendations on appropriate measures to take in re-sponse. In the event foreign election inter-ference is determined to have occurred, the Executive Order provides for the imposition of sanctions on foreign per-sons determined by the Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Secretary of State, to have engaged in, sponsored, concealed, or otherwise been complicit in the interference, as well as other related persons. The Executive Order further directs the Secretary of State and the Secretary of the Treas-ury to develop additional recommended sanctions measures, appropriately cali-brated to account for the severity of the interference and any collateral ef-fects on United States and allied finan-cial stability and economic and secu-rity interests, targeting companies in significant economic sectors in a coun-try whose government is determined to have engaged in or sponsored election interference. I am enclosing a copy of the Execu-tive Order I have issued. D
ONALD J. T RUMP .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , September 12, 2018. 
f 
AMERICA IS #BETTEROFFNOW The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Kan-sas (Mr. E
STES) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the major-ity leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the topic of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kansas? There was no objection. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I want to begin tonight by offering thoughts and prayers to the commu-nities in the path of Hurricane Flor-ence. My home State of Kansas is no stranger to natural disasters, and we are standing with those who will be im-pacted in the coming days. Mr. Speaker, I want to talk about how we are all better off now. There has been a lot of talk lately about our country’s economic recovery. Some of the debate recently has centered around when it started versus how it started. But really, it indicates one thing is real clear, that after years of stagnation, high unemployment, low wage growth, today, there is no deny-ing that America is better off now than we were 2 years ago. Tax reform and getting government out of the way has helped fuel this eco-nomic recovery. For 8 long years, we had an administration working against business growth. Now America has a President and Congress working to grow the economy. In addition to our economy, progrowth policies have been cham-pioned that allow veterans, our Armed Forces, families, and small businesses in every sector and in every commu-nity to be better off now. During this Special Order, I look for-ward to highlighting all the exciting things happening in my district in Kansas and around the country that are returning America to a place of strength, security, and prosperity. Throughout the August district work period, I traveled my district dis-cussing how Kansans are better off now thanks to legislation that enhances our economy, secures our community, and strengthens our military. During the past month, I met with multitudes of small businesses and groups, some of which include: the Wichita Regional Chamber of Com-merce; touring a wind farm in Pratt County; meeting with constituents at Dave’s Pizza in Coldwater; learning about services provided at Medicine Lodge Memorial Hospital; meeting with constituents at Hibbard’s Pre-scription Plus in Medicine Lodge; hosted a town hall for veterans; par-ticipated in a roundtable with the Re-altors of south central Kansas; cele-brated the ribbon cutting of two low- income housing projects in Wichita, one specifically designated for vet-erans; met with constituents at Tiger Town Pizza in St. John; toured the Golden Belt Feeders in Stafford Coun-ty; met with constituents at Carr Auto-Electric in Larned; visited the Offerle Co-op; spent a day in Greens-burg at the Big Well Museum, the school, the senior center, the art stu-dio, and the media center; discussed the farm bill and several other issues related to our agriculture community as I went to several county farm bu-reau meetings; spoke at the West Wich-ita Sunrise Rotary Club; and toured the Textron Aviation manufacturing facility. I travel home to Kansas every week and during the district work period to hear from constituents. Even though there is more work to do, my latest district work period made it clear, as I spent time in the district, that individ-uals, families, and small businesses across our State and country are better off now. From our economy standpoint, the numbers really speak for themselves. The unemployment rate is near an 18- year low at 3.9 percent. Youth unem-ployment is at the lowest level in 52 years. Female unemployment is at the lowest level in 65 years. Black and His-panic unemployment rates are the sec-ond lowest ever recorded. Veterans re-cently hit the lowest unemployment in 20 years. Last quarter, our economy grew at 4.2 percent. For perspective on that, during President Obama’s term, the economy only grew at an average of 1.9 percent. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.106 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8165 September 12, 2018 
b2000 Last month, wages grew at the fast-est rate in 9 years; consumer con-fidence in our economy is the highest since October 2000; and just yesterday, small business optimism surged to the highest level ever recorded, passing the record that was set during President Reagan’s Presidency. Jobless claims are at the lowest rate since December 6, 1969, and this summer, the U.S. had more job openings than job seekers for the first time in history. These numbers are great news for the millions of families across America, but these numbers didn’t happen by ac-cident. I look forward to further dis-cussion tonight about how we are working every day to make America better off now. At this time, I am pleased to yield to the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACK ). Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, long be-fore 2017, our Tax Code had become bro-ken, complicated, and outdated. It no longer worked for our families or our businesses. We needed to rebuild con-fidence in our private sector and pro-vide release for families. We needed to bring back America’s competitive edge by giving job creators freedom from punishing high taxes. And when tax re-form was signed into law last Decem-ber, we accomplished that. In our bill, we doubled the standard deduction and lowered the rate for in-dividuals, which means that parents and families are keeping more of their money in their pockets. We also dramatically reduced the tax rate for small businesses so they can invest in the people who keep their businesses moving. And now we want to make those cuts permanent. The Tax Foundation estimates that implementing permanent relief will create 1.5 million new jobs and increase our GDP by 2.2 percent. Permanent tax cuts will continue to encourage the economic growth that has put our Na-tion back in the front of competition. It will give taxpayers room to breathe when it comes to saving for life’s unex-pected challenges or emergencies, and it will allow our families to save money by expanding access to new and existing savings vehicles for their chil-dren’s education. That is what tax reform is all about: allowing taxpayers to keep more money in their pockets so that they can choose what to do with their money. Americans know how to spend their money better than the govern-ment does. It is as simple as that. I am proud of our accomplishments, because it means people can breathe easier and with confidence. But we still have work to do to ensure that our Tax Code remains competitive, innovative, and better. Tax reform is boosting our economy, and we want to add to that momentum. So, with the bill that the Ways and Means Committee is working on, we have an opportunity to bring perma-nent certainty to millions of Ameri-cans, and we intend to do just that. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. OLSON ). Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my dear friend from Kansas for letting me share with the American people the stories from home, Texas 22. My home county, my home district is on the verge of coming close to 900,000 people. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act has changed all of their lives in a dramatic and very important way. Texas 22 is better off now. My home county, Fort Bend County, Texas, is the most di-verse county in America; 140 languages are spoken all over Texas 22. Every time I am home, I ask people what they think about lower tax rates for their families, a 21 percent cor-porate tax rate, full expensing of their expenses in the same year, and an end of the death tax. They say the same thing over and over; 140 languages be-come one language, and that language is pure Texas. Quote from back home: 
I like these tax cuts. 
Are they good? 
Dang straight. I reckon I can buy a new pickup truck, provide healthcare for my em-ployees who have back pains because their wallets in their back pockets of their Wran-gler jeans are so darn heavy they are twist-ing their spine. 
Mr. Speaker, these Texans say: 
I can’t understand how Democrats in the U.S. House can call these tax cuts mere crumbs. 
Crumbs. Back home, they are puz-zled: How can these Democrats be so out of touch with America? How can my family keeping our money be such a bad thing? But one old boy Texan in Meadville, Texas, solved this problem. He said: 
If the money I get in my pocket from keep-ing my money is crumbs, I am fixing to be a world record holder in the Guinness Book of World Records. I will have a mound of crumbs as big as a Texas icon, Enchanted Rock. 
That rock is 640 acres big and stands 525 feet above the terrain. That is a dang big pile of crumbs. Gary Allred owns Rosenberg Tractor right there in Fort Bend County. He has had that up and running for 32 years. Being in the tractor business, agriculture, lots of ups and downs: One year it rains; the next year it doesn’t. One year it is hot; one year it is cold. The big city is coming his way. We are growing dramatically in southeast Texas. All this growth has made his land very, very, very valuable. He knows if he has to sell his land some-time in the future, land that has been in his family now for almost 50 years, he will have to pay a death tax; and maybe his daughter, his son, his grandsons, his granddaughters won’t have his dream, their tractor company in their possession. But Gary knows now he no longer has to worry: the death tax is dead. That is because of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. He said: 
I have guys coming in, customers, looking to buy a new tractor and all the farm imple-ments that go with them. He is worried because he is a hay farmer, piles and piles of hay. He is worried because these so-called crumbs he will get will be so huge, they will block out all of his hay crops. That is a big, big, big pile of crumbs. Mr. Speaker, the final crumb story I have, again, is from an icon from Rich-mond, Texas. His name is Andres Novoa. He owns La Cocina Mexican res-taurant. For every crumb of the Mexi-can food he makes, he sells, he gives two crumbs back to his local commu-nity. He has the largest Cinco de Mayo celebration in all of Fort Bend County. He raises thousands and thousands and thousands of dollars for causes like Meals on Wheels in Fort Bend County. He has raised enough money to buy two vans for Meals on Wheels. With the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, he can buy another van, a third van, for Fort Bend County Meals on Wheels. These Texans are all excited. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act 2.0 is coming quickly. That means this great law will be permanent. It will be more competi-tive. And guess what. We will have more and more records in Fort Bend County of piles and piles of crumbs for the Guinness Book of World Records. Americans are better off right now, and they will be better off in the fu-ture. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Texas, appre-ciate all of that information, talking about the positive impact that is hap-pening all across America with the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. When we talk about are you really better off now, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is one of those great examples of something that has been accomplished over the last 2 years. The act itself just helped jump-start our economy. It repealed the ObamaCare individual mandate pen-alty. The standard deduction was near-ly doubled, up to $12,000 for single fil-ers, to $18,000 for a head of household, and to $24,000 for joint filers. The child tax credit for families was doubled from $1,000 to $2,000, and indi-vidual along with business tax rates were cut across the board for every tax bracket. That means this year a mid-dle-class family of four in Kansas will keep an extra $2,100 of their hard- earned money in their pocket, money they can use, save for their retirement, save for their children’s college edu-cation, or maybe go out for a dinner and a movie. The law also cut corporate rates from 35 percent, which was the fourth high-est rate in the world and the highest amongst the developed world, to a com-petitive 21 percent, encouraging busi-nesses to expand and to reinvest in America again. So far, more than 700 companies around the country have done just that, benefiting millions of hardworking families with bonuses, higher wages, and better benefits. In Kansas, 24 businesses with more than 700 locations statewide have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.108 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8166 September 12, 2018 
boosted wages and benefits for tens of thousands of employees. b2015 During the August work period, I was able to visit with employees at some of those companies, including Legacy Bank. Legacy Bank is a community- based bank based in Colwich, Kansas, with roots dating back to 1885. Today, Legacy Bank operates eight branches throughout my district and has 81 em-ployees. In July, Legacy Bank became one of the latest companies in my district to announce a midyear bonus of up to $1,000 per employee. In August, I met with employees and the board of directors, who told me the bonuses would not have been possible without the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Also, last month I met with workers from Textron Aviation Facilities in Wichita. In an earlier meeting, Textron officials had said the tax reforms of 2017 have strengthened the environ-ment for aircraft sales in the United States and the outlook remains posi-tive. Textron now has the largest back-log of orders in 8 years, supporting thousands of jobs in our community, which we proudly call the air capital of the world. Our district is also home to the larg-est tax cut bonus in the country. After the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was signed, Wichita Railway Systems, a railroad car parts supplier, turned their tax cut into $3,000 to $6,000 bonuses for its em-ployees. The Wichita Business Journal reported that these bonuses would have otherwise gone toward corporate in-come tax and on to the government. During a visit there, the CEO of the small manufacturing company said em-ployees receiving the bonus would turn right around and invest in the econ-omy, showing how these bonuses not only benefit the workers and their fam-ilies, but also the entire community. Other employees who are better off now thanks to the tax cuts include Fi-delity Bank, which announced $1,500 bonuses for its 400 Wichita area em-ployees. Cox Communications an-nounced $1,000 to $2,000 bonuses for their 900 area employees. Mahaney Roofing in Wichita has been able to hire more employees thanks to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. And Wichita’s larg-est employer, Spirit AeroSystems, an-nounced new investments in tech-nology and training to help the rising demand in 2018. These numbers show the economic growth and optimism happening in my State and around the country because of tax reform. And, more importantly, behind each statistic are people who are finally better off now. Recently, my colleague Representa-tive B
RADWENSTRUP from Ohio pointed out that the critics who proclaim that tax cuts only help billionaires could not be further from the truth. Over $1.1 trillion in tax relief, or 77 percent of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, goes di-rectly to families and small businesses. Over one-half of the 2019 individual tax cuts, or $133 billion, go to those earn-ing under $200,000. Middle-income families see larger percentage reductions in their taxes than wealthier families. A typical mar-ried couple with two kids earning $73,000 would see a tax cut of over $2,000, a reduction in their income taxes of nearly 60 percent. The bill didn’t just help the rich. Under the new tax law, the share of taxes paid by millionaires actually in-creases from 19.3 percent to 19.8 per-cent. Also, when American companies are doing well, workers do well. Just ask one of the 4 million workers who saw a benefit or pay raise due to the tax re-form. I would also like to point out that companies who had previously stashed money abroad are bringing it back to the United States thanks to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Our Tax Code penal-ized companies that did successfully operate overseas, and we wanted to tax them. Our Tax Code wanted to tax them a second time for them to bring their money back home. So, typically, these companies would only bring about $50 billion in earnings abroad every quarter. In the first 3 months of this year, they brought $158 billion back to the U.S. According to Bloomberg, that is the biggest reversal on record since 1946. In addition, dividends received from abroad totaled $340 billion in the first 3 months of 2018, which is also a record. This money can be put to work in the United States either investing in a new plant, paying for bonuses or salary in-creases, paying dividends, or buying back stock. But at the end of the day, America is richer because of it, and we are all better off now. Families from the heartland and throughout our country are also better off thanks to lower utility rates that are a direct result of the tax reform: expanded family savings programs for education and retirement; in efforts to reduce crime in our communities, in-cluding human trafficking. We have also invested $2 billion to address school safety and mental health issues. A new Career and Technical Education Act for the 21st Century is allowing more students to pursue career and technical programs at institutions like Wichita State University Tech. One of the things that I am seeing as I travel across the district is that we have a drastic shortage of an educated workforce to help fill these jobs, and we wanted to make sure that, in uti-lizing the Career and Technical Edu-cation Act, we get more people to be supplied as welders, auto mechanics, airplane mechanics, electronics techni-cians, and sheet metal workers. Provisions in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act also help promote rural broadband expansion. Last month, I visited with Butler Rural Electric Co-Op, which said they are now able to provide faster internet to residents in rural parts of my district. In June, the House passed a package of 58 bills to combat the opioid epi-demic. This was the most significant effort by Congress against a single drug crisis in history, as we have invested $4 billion to address this epidemic. Just to talk a little bit about that epidemic, in 2016, 313 people died from an opioid overdose in Kansas, leaving thousands of family members and friends to cope with the loss. In 2018, more than 2 million Americans will suffer from an opioid addiction. In June, when the House passed the 58 bills, we wanted to focus on this being the most significant effort by Congress to make sure that this drug crisis is addressed and resolved. Last year’s spending bill that spends the $4 billion to address this epidemic is being used to help law enforcement ef-forts, funding new treatment and pre-vention efforts and increasing inspec-tion and surveillance to stop the flow of drugs into our country. Human trafficking has become a major problem across the country. This year, House Republicans have passed dozens of bills to fight human traf-ficking, including the Allow States and Victims to Fight Online Sex Traf-ficking Act, the Department of Home-land Security Blue Campaign Author-ization Act, the No Human Trafficking on Our Roads Act, and the Combating Human Trafficking in Commercial Ve-hicles Act, which have been signed into law. As a result, online advertising for commercial sex trafficking has gone down by 60 to 80 percent. In another area, in May, Congress sent the Trickett Wendler, Frank Mongiello, Jordan McLinn, and Mat-thew Bellina Right to Try Act of 2018 to President Trump. As Speaker RYAN said, terminally ill patients and their loved ones deserve the opportunity, wherever possible, to take advantage of an offer that may provide them a chance for a longer life. For patients who may not qualify for certain trials or who have tried other options of approved medication, this bill would allow them access to experi-mental treatments and therapies. After all, it should be their choice of what they do, to help them have that oppor-tunity and the right to try. The good news doesn’t stop with our economy and with our families. Vet-erans and our armed services have been a priority in this Congress. This year Congress passed the VA MISSION Act, which revolutionizes healthcare for veterans by stream-lining services and ensuring veterans get the care they deserve from the VA or from their private doctor closer to home. This is the biggest improvement in veterans healthcare in 5 years and will build on the Choice Act to fulfill our promise to veterans by allocating $5.2 billion to pay healthcare costs through the Veterans Choice Fund, expanding eligibility in the VA’s caregiver pro-gram, and improving healthcare deliv-ery, including telemedicine, mental 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.109 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8167 September 12, 2018 
health support, peer-to-peer support, and mobile deployment teams for rural and underserved veterans for routine and specialized care. Also for veterans, the Affordable Housing Credit Improvement Act that we passed in Congress is helping estab-lish affordable housing communities for senior citizens and veterans, like the two that recently opened in my dis-trict. Last month, I was able to join one of those communities specifically designed for veterans for the ribbon- cutting ceremony. One veteran who participated told local media: 
This is a miracle right here. God has done a lot of miracles in my life. This is one of the top ones. 
Since President Trump signed the VA MISSION Act on June 6, 2018, which happens to be D-day, it has helped rev-olutionize healthcare for veterans by making sure that they get the options, the choices, and the right to the care that they so richly deserve. We have also focused on: How do we help our Active-Duty military service-members? We passed the National Defense Au-thorization Act, which invests $700 bil-lion in rebuilding our military. It pro-vides our troops the largest pay raise in 9 years. It supports more aircraft, like the KC–46 tankers from McConnell Air Force Base in my district. It shot down an increase of fees in TRICARE for retirees. It allows former prisoners of war, Medal of Honor winners, and service-connected disability veterans to access the commissaries starting in 2020. A sad note: There are 22 veterans a day who commit suicide. What we have done is, as Congress, passed five com-prehensive bills to address this epi-demic: House Amendment 769 appropriates no less than $225 million for VA mental health and suicide prevention pro-grams; H.R. 4635 directs the VA to emphasize peer support counselors for female vet-erans who, among other things, are also at risk of suicide; H.R. 4173 directs the VA to conduct studies on outcomes and efficacy of the Veterans Crisis Line and report to Con-gress the results; H.R. 2345 requires the FCC to coordi-nate with HHS and the VA in studying the feasibility of designing a three- digit dialing code for a national suicide prevention and mental health crisis hotline system; and H.R. 918 directs the VA to furnish former members of the Armed Forces an initial mental health assessment and mental healthcare services re-quired to treat urgent mental healthcare needs, including the risk of suicide or harm to others. There are many things that we have accomplished. There are still more things to do. This week, we are going to vote to give the VA the largest dollar amount in history, which includes: $206 million for suicide prevention outreach, for a total of $8.6 billion for mental healthcare programs; $192 million for the inspector general, $25 million above fiscal year 2018, to provide the resources needed to inves-tigate the overwhelming number of al-legations being reported with regard to waste, claims processing backlogs, and general accountability; Fully funds family housing at $1.6 billion, $173 million above the fiscal year 2018 enacted levels for the families of those who serve; and $1.8 billion to homeless veterans pro-grams. Overall, there are just so many posi-tive things that have been accom-plished over the last 2 years when we look at are we all better off now. I have talked a lot about some of the impacts of the various bills that we have passed, some of the benefits that affect people in my district and people in the State of Kansas. I have here a list numerous compa-nies throughout the State that have taken advantage of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, and I am going to read just a few of those and a brief description of what they did. b2030 The Lawrence Paper Company in Lawrence, Kansas, gave $500 bonuses for all 300 employees and spent $5 mil-lion for new equipment and expansion at all three locations. Spirit AeroSystems increased invest-ment in training and technology. Westar Energy filed a request before the Kansas Corporation Commission to reflect that its electric rates ought to be reduced by the full amount of tax savings from the change in the Federal tax law. AT&T offered $1,000 bonuses for 1,500 Kansas employees. Walmart employees at 75 different Walmart stores throughout the State received tax reform bonuses, wage in-creases, and expanded maternity and paternity leave. Best Buy, which has 12 locations in Kansas, offered $1,000 bonuses to their full-time employees and $500 bonuses to part-time employees. And even small businesses like Taco John’s, which has 19 locations in Kan-sas, all full-time and part-time crew members received a $200 after-tax bonus. Other companies that offered bene-fits—may not run the normal thought of what you think about—but compa-nies like Waste Management Incor-porated, which has multiple locations in Kansas, paid $2,000 bonuses. I have a myriad of other companies that have taken advantage of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act that we have imple-mented, and reflect that not only are they, as companies, better off now, but their employees are better off now, as well. In closing, altogether these actions have encouraged rapid growth in our economy, security for our families, and support for our veterans and military. Don’t get me wrong. There is more to do. Healthcare premiums increased $4,400 per family from 2010 to 2016. We still have too many veterans needing healthcare and jobs. There is more to do to help small businesses grow, help families save for college or retirement, and support our farmers and our manu-facturers. In the coming weeks, I am glad we will debate tax reform 2.0 to unleash another round of economic growth by protecting middle-class individuals and small business tax cuts from going up in the future, expanding educational and retirement savings options, and supporting entrepreneurs. But today, I am proud of what we have accomplished thus far because of businesses like BG Products, Inc., based in Wichita, Kansas. The auto-motive maintenance supply manufac-turer was established in 1971 by a group of World War II veterans and auto-motive industry experts. Over time, BG Products, grew from an idea to an in-dustry leader. Its products manufac-tured in our community are used and sold in all 50 States, in more than 60 countries, by more than 40,000 shops, dealerships, and technicians. However, 2 years ago, BG Products was at a crossroads, determining whether or not to expand based on the economy and the climate of govern-ment regulations. Following the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, BG Products was able to push forward with plans to ex-pand, putting new tax savings directly toward new building projects and jobs. In July, BG Products represented Kansas in an event honoring products that are made in America. Following their White House appearance, I visited employees at BG Products and toured their 400,000-square-foot manufacturing facility in El Dorado where we dis-cussed their plans to expand. Finally, on August 24, BG Products broke ground on a 145,000-square-foot edition in El Dorado, investing $24.5 million in our community and adding 21 new jobs. This kind of expansion would not have been possible without our growing economy. Like BG Products, Inc., today our economy and our country is strong and is better off now. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank all of my fellow Representatives who supported the various bills that we have passed over the last 2 years to help make my district, my State of Kansas, and my country stronger and better off now. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank all of my fellow Members who spoke on the bill today, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.111 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8168 September 12, 2018 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3798, SAVE AMERICAN WORK-ERS ACT OF 2017; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF THE CONFERENCE REPORT TO AC-COMPANY H.R. 5895, ENERGY AND WATER, LEGISLATIVE BRANCH, AND MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS AP-PROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019; AND PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM SEP-TEMBER 17, 2018, THROUGH SEP-TEMBER 24, 2018. Mr. SESSIONS (during the Special Order of Mr. E
STES of Kansas), from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–949) on the resolution (H. Res. 1059) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3798) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the 30-hour threshold for classification as a full-time employee for purposes of the employer mandate in the Patient Protection and Afford-able Care Act and replace it with 40 hours; providing for consideration of the conference report to accompany the bill (H.R. 5895) making appropria-tions for energy and water develop-ment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; and providing for pro-ceedings during the period from Sep-tember 17, 2018, through September 24, 2018, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. H
OLDING (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today and the balance of the week on account of assisting with hurricane preparedness efforts in North Carolina. Mr. R
OUZER (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today and the balance of the week on account of assisting with hurricane preparedness efforts in North Carolina. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 8 o’clock and 34 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, September 13, 2018, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
6203. A letter from the Secretary, Com-modity Futures Trading Commission, trans-mitting the Commission’s final rule — Chief Compliance Officer Duties and Annual Re-port Requirements for Futures Commission Merchants, Swap Dealers, and Major Swap Participants; Amendments (RIN: 3038-AE56) received September 7, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ag-riculture. 6204. A letter from the Administrator, Cot-ton and Tobacco Program, Agricultural Mar-keting Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s direct final rule — Cotton Board Rules and Regulations: Adjusting Supplemental Assessment on Im-ports (2018 Amendments) [Doc. #: AMS-CN- 18-0013] received September 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 6205. A letter from the Alternate OSD FRLO, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Defense Support of Special Events [Docket ID: DOD-2017-OS-0053] (RIN: 0790-AK05) received September 10, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Services. 6206. A letter from the Assistant to the Board, Board of Governors of the Federal Re-serve System, transmitting the Board’s in-terim final rule — to amend the Small Bank Holding Company and Savings and Loan Holding Company Policy Statement and re-lated regulations; Changes to Reporting Re-quirements [Docket No.: R-1619] (RIN: 7100- AF 13) received September 7, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 6207. A letter from the Assistant to the Board, Board of Governors of the Federal Re-serve System, transmitting the Board’s Major final rule — Single-Counterparty Credit Limits for Bank Holding Companies and Foreign Banking Organizations [Regula-tion YY; Docket No.: R-1534] (RIN: 7100-AE48) received September 7, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 6208. A letter from the Director, Office of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insur-ance Corporation, transmitting the Corpora-tion’s interim final rule — Liquidity Cov-erage Ratio Rule: Treatment of Certain Mu-nicipal Obligations as High-Quality Liquid Assets (RIN: 3064-AE77) received September 7, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 6209. A letter from the General Counsel, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Cyber Security Incident Reporting Reli-ability Standards [Docket No.: RM18-2-000; Order No. 848] received September 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 6210. A letter from the Associate Chief, Auctions and Spectrum Access Division, Wireless Telecommunications Bureau, Fed-eral Communications Commission, transmit-ting the Commission’s final rule — Auctions of Upper Microwave Flexible Use Licenses for Next-Generation Wireless Services; No-tice and Filing Requirements, Minimum Opening Bids, Upfront Payments, and Other Procedures for Auctions 101 (28 GHz) and 102 (24 GHz); Bidding in Auction 101 Scheduled to Begin November 14, 2018 [AU Docket No.: 18- 85] received September 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 6211. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Special Local Regu-lation; Battle of the Bridges, Intracoastal Waterway; Venice, FL [Docket No.: USCG- 2018-0608] (RIN: 1625-AA08) received Sep-tember 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 6212. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Alle-gheny River Miles 0.7 to 1.0, Pittsburgh, PA [Docket No.: USCG-2018-0750] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received September 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6213. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Ohio River Miles 0.0 to 0.5, Pittsburgh, PA [Dock-et No.: USCG-2018-0743] (RIN: 1625-AA00) re-ceived September 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6214. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Special Local Regu-lation; Michigan Championships; Detroit River; Detroit, MI [Docket No.: USCG-2018- 0732] (RIN: 1625-AA08) received September 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6215. A letter from the Regulation Develop-ment Coordinator, Office of Regulation Pol-icy and Management, Department of Vet-erans Affairs, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Fiduciary Activities; Economic Impact Analysis (RIN: 2900-AO53/WP2010-001) received September 7, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. 6216. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Implementation of Nonresident Alien Deposit Interest Regulations (Rev. Proc. 2018-36) received September 7, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 6217. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Revenue Procedure: Examination of returns and claims for refund, credit, or abatement; determination of correct tax li-ability (Rev. Proc. 2018-45) received Sep-tember 7, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. f REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 5059. A bill to amend the Home Owners’ Loan Act with respect to the registration and supervision of insurance savings and loan holding companies, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–937). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHABOT: Committee on Small Busi-ness. H.R. 6316. A bill to clarify the primary functions and duties of the Office of Advo-cacy of the Small Business Administration, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.113 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8169 September 12, 2018 
and for other purposes (Rept. 115–938). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHABOT: Committee on Small Busi-ness. H.R. 6330. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to modify the method for pre-scribing size standards for business concerns (Rept. 115–939). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHABOT: Committee on Small Busi-ness. H.R. 6347. A bill to adjust the real es-tate appraisal thresholds under the 7(a) pro-gram to bring them into line with the thresholds used by the Federal banking regu-lators, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–940). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHABOT: Committee on Small Busi-ness. H.R. 6348. A bill to adjust the real es-tate appraisal thresholds under section 504 program to bring them into line with the thresholds used by the Federal banking regu-lators, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–941). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHABOT: Committee on Small Busi-ness. H.R. 6367. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to specify what credit is given for certain subcontractors and to provide a dispute process for non-payment to sub-contractors, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–942). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHABOT: Committee on Small Busi-ness. H.R. 6369. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to eliminate the inclusion of option years in the award price for sole source contracts, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–943). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHABOT: Committee on Small Busi-ness. H.R. 6382. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to require the Administrator of the Small Business Administration to report certain information to the Congress and to the President, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–944). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOWDY: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 3398. A bill to amend the Real ID Act of 2005 to permit Freely Associated States to meet identifica-tion requirements under such Act, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–945). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOWDY: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 4431. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for interest payments by agencies in the case of administrative error in processing certain annuity deposits for prior military service (Rept. 115–946, Pt. 1). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOWDY: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 4887. A bill to modernize Federal grant reporting, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–947). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. YODER: Committee on Appropria-tions. H.R. 6776. A bill making appropria-tions for the Department of Homeland Secu-rity for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–948). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SESSIONS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 1059. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3798) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the 30-hour threshold for classifica-tion as a full-time employee for purposes of the employer mandate in the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act and replace it with 40 hours; providing for consideration of the conference report to accompany the bill (H.R. 5895) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; and providing for proceedings during the period from Sep-tember 17, 2018, through September 24, 2018 (Rept. 115–949). Referred to the House Cal-endar. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on House Administration discharged from further consideration. H.R. 4431 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Ms. BORDALLO: H.R. 6770. A bill to amend the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act to provide parity for outlying areas, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana (for him-self, Mr. R
ICHMOND , Mr. S CALISE , Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. J OHNSON of Lou-isiana, Mr. A
BRAHAM , Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana, Mr. B
YRNE , and Mr. B
ABIN): H.R. 6771. A bill to amend the Gulf of Mex-ico Energy Security Act of 2006, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi (for himself, Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Ms. J ACKSON  L
EE, Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas, Mr. J OHNSON  of Georgia, Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Ms. F
UDGE , Ms. B ASS, Mr. R ICHMOND , Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. P
AYNE , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. J
EFFRIES , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. E VANS , Mr. L
AWSON of Florida, Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia, Mr. C
LYBURN , Mr. V EASEY , Ms. L EE, and Mr. M
CEACHIN ): H.R. 6772. A bill to strengthen partnerships between historically Black colleges and uni-versities and minority-serving institutions and the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security, and in addition to the Committee on Small Business, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. COHEN: H.R. 6773. A bill to direct the Secretary of Transportation to issue rules requiring the inclusion of new safety equipment in school buses, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BISHOP of Michigan (for him-self and Mr. C
ONAWAY ): H.R. 6774. A bill to require the Director of National Intelligence to seek to determine if the Government of Iran has used certain funds received by reason of sanctions relief pursuant to the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action or cash payments conveyed by the United States in early 2016 to sponsor foreign terrorist organizations, facilitate illicit nar-cotics activities, or conduct military oper-ations in Syria, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select), and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts: H.R. 6775. A bill to effectively staff the public elementary schools and secondary schools of the United States with school- based mental health services providers; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. By Mr. PALMER: H.R. 6777. A bill to amend chapter 3 of title 5, United States Code, to require the publica-tion of settlement agreements, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico: H.R. 6778. A bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to provide guid-ance to States regarding Federal reimburse-ment for furnishing services and treatment for substance use disorders under Medicaid using telehealth services; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BUCK: H.R. 6779. A bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to require the Drug Enforce-ment Administration to report certain infor-mation on distribution of opioids, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. CASTOR of Florida (for herself, Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida, Mr. R
UTHERFORD , Mrs. D EMINGS , Mr. D
UNN, Mr. C RIST, Mr. R OSS, Mr. D IAZ- B
ALART , Mr. G AETZ , Mr. Y OHO, Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida, Mr. L AWSON  of Florida, Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Mr. S
OTO, Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. B ILI-
RAKIS , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. T HOMAS J. R
OONEY of Florida, Mr. M AST, Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, and Mr. D EUTCH ): H.R. 6780. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 7521 Paula Drive in Tampa, Florida, as the ‘‘Major Andreas O’Keeffe Post Office Build-ing’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Ms. D
ELBENE (for herself and Mr. R
EED): H.R. 6781. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medicare program of certain men-tal health telehealth services; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. D
ESAULNIER (for himself and Mr. M
CNERNEY ): H.R. 6782. A bill to determine the feasi-bility of additional agreements for long-term use of existing or expanded non-Federal stor-age and conveyance facilities to augment Federal water supply, ecosystem, and oper-ational flexibility benefits in certain areas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\SEPTEMBER\H12SE8.REC H12SE8abonner on DSKBCJ7HB2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8170 September 12, 2018 
By Mr. DONOVAN (for himself, Mr. B
UDD, and Mr. M CCAUL): H.R. 6783. A bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to confiscate interest paid on certain frozen bank accounts, to require the Secretary to confiscate certain frozen assets, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. DUFFY (for himself, Mr. N
EWHOUSE , Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS , and Mr. P
ETERSON ): H.R. 6784. A bill to provide for removal of the gray wolf in the contiguous 48 States from the List of Endangered and Threatened Wildlife published under the Endangered Species Act of 1973; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico (for herself and Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi): H.R. 6785. A bill to provide tax incentives to promote economic development in Eco-nomically Distressed Zones; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Mr. GOODLATTE: H.R. 6786. A bill to protect the interests of each resident of intermediate care facilities for individuals with intellectual disabilities in class action lawsuits by federally funded entities involving such residents and in De-partment of Justice actions that could result in an agreement to move such a resident from that resident’s facility; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia (for himself, Mr. M
EADOWS , and Mr. M
ITCHELL ): H.R. 6787. A bill to provide for reforming agencies of the Federal Government to im-prove efficiency and effectiveness, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. TED LIEU of California: H.R. 6788. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide a criminal penalty for certain Federal officers and employees using their public office for private gain, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. MEEKS: H.R. 6789. A bill to require certain Federal financial regulators to carry out an inde-pendent study of their regulated entities’ processes for allowing third parties to access consumer-authorized financial data; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia (for himself and Mr. L
ABRADOR ): H.R. 6790. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to clarify that gain or loss on the sale or exchange of certain coins or bullion is exempt from recognition; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. ROSEN (for herself, Mr. D
ONO-
VAN, Ms. S TEFANIK , and Mr. M
OULTON ): H.R. 6791. A bill to establish a grant pro-gram within the Department of Labor to support the creation, implementation, and expansion of registered apprenticeship pro-grams in cybersecurity; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. RYAN of Ohio (for himself and Mr. M
CKINLEY ): H.R. 6792. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development to make grants to States for use to eliminate blight and assist in neighborhood revitalization, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Ms. KAPTUR (for herself, Mr. HAR-
RIS, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , and Mr. L EVIN): H.J. Res. 139. A joint resolution providing for the designation of a ‘‘Freedom to Choose their Destiny for the Nations of Eastern Eu-rope and Eurasia Week’’; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana: H. Con. Res. 135. Concurrent resolution re-quiring Members of the House of Representa-tives and the Senate to participate in ran-dom drug testing; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. VEASEY (for himself, Mr. H
AS-
TINGS , Ms. N ORTON , Mrs. B EATTY , Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama, Ms. J AYAPAL , Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. M
OORE , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. B
ASS, Mr. P OCAN , Mrs. D EMINGS , Mr. P
ALLONE , Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsyl-vania, Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. K
APTUR , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. L
AWSON of Florida, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. N AD-
LER, Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. B ENRAY L
UJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. S EANPAT-
RICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina, Mr. S
ERRANO , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mr. H
IGGINS of New York, Mr. R USH, Ms. B
ONAMICI , Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Mr. M CEACHIN , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mr. M
CNERNEY , Mr. S IRES, Ms. R OYBAL - A
LLARD , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. M
EEKS , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. C
UMMINGS , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. S OTO, Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. K
HANNA , Ms. E SHOO , Ms. M ICHELLE  L
UJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. J ACK-
SONLEE, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. E VANS , Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. V
ELA, Mr. C RIST, Mr. S ARBANES , Ms. D
ELBENE, Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY  of New York, Mr. N
OLAN , Ms. B LUNT  R
OCHESTER , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. D
ELAURO , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. H
UFFMAN , Mr. F OSTER , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. L
EE, Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. E
NGEL , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. K ILMER , Mrs. L
OWEY , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mr. G OMEZ , Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. A
DAMS , Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. T ED L
IEUof California, Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. F
UDGE , Mr. K IHUEN , Mr. G ALLEGO , and Ms. D
EGETTE ): H. Res. 1058. A resolution expressing sup-port for designation of the month of Sep-tember as ‘‘National Voting Rights Month’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on House Admin-istration, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Ms. CLARKE of New York (for her-self, Ms. B
ASS, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. L EE, Mr. C AR-
SONof Indiana, and Mrs. D EMINGS ): H. Res. 1060. A resolution commending Alice Allison Dunnigan for her barrier- breaking career in journalism; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. By Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas: H. Res. 1061. A resolution expressing sup-port for designation of the week of Sep-tember 16, 2018, through September 22, 2018, as ‘‘Balance Awareness Week’’; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. PANETTA (for himself and Mr. MAST): H. Res. 1062. A resolution supporting the goals to protect United States military per-sonnel from malaria; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Com-mittees on Armed Services, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Ms. BORDALLO: H.R. 6770. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 and Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 of the U.S. Constitu-tion By Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana: H.R. 6771. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: U.S. Constitution, Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes;’’ By Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi: H.R. 6772. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. COHEN: H.R. 6773. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. BISHOP of Michigan: H.R. 6774. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts: H.R. 6775. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, U.S. Constitution By Mr. YODER: H.R. 6776. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The principal constitutional authority for this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of ar-ticle I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L12SE7.100 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8171 September 12, 2018 
Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropria-tions made by Law . . . .’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . .’’ Together, these specific constitu-tional provisions establish the congressional power of the purse, granting Congress the authority to appropriate funds, to determine their purpose, amount, and period of avail-ability, and to set forth terms and conditions governing their use. By Mr. PALMER: H.R. 6777. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico: H.R. 6778. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. BUCK: H.R. 6779. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII of the United States Constitution. By Ms. CASTOR of Florida: H.R. 6780. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 7, ‘‘The Con-gress shall have Power to . . . establish Post Offices and Post Roads . . . In the Constitu-tion, the power possessed by Congress em-braces the regulation of the Postal System in the country. Therefore, the proposed legis-lation in naming a post office would fall under the powers granted to Congress in the Constitution. By Ms. D
ELBENE: H.R. 6781. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. D
ESAULNIER: H.R. 6782. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8. By Mr. DONOVAN: H.R. 6783. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. DUFFY: H.R. 6784. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico: H.R. 6785. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1, 3, and 18 of the U.S. Constitution, which provide as follows: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; [. . .] To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; [. . .]—And To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. GOODLATTE: H.R. 6786. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 Article III, Section 1 Article III, Section 2, Clause 2 By Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia: H.R. 6787. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. TED LIEU of California: H.R. 6788. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII By Mr. MEEKS: H.R. 6789. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Commerce Clause By Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia: H.R. 6790. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority for the Mone-tary Metals Tax Neutrality Act of 2018 is found in Article I, Section 8, which gives Congress the power to lay and collect taxes. By Ms. ROSEN: H.R. 6791. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clauses 1 and 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution By Mr. RYAN of Ohio: H.R. 6792. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Aritcle 1, Section 8: to Make Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Ms. KAPTUR: H.J. Res. 139. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Section 8: To regulate Commerce with for-eign Nations f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 93: Mr. P AYNE . H.R. 303: Mr. M
ARINO . H.R. 354: Mr. C
LOUD . H.R. 502: Mr. B
ERGMAN . H.R. 544: Mr. G
OHMERT . H.R. 564: Mrs. L
ESKO . H.R. 592: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ and Ms. R OYBAL - A
LLARD . H.R. 762: Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, and Mr. C
OOK. H.R. 1102: Mr. C
RIST. H.R. 1121: Mr. C
HABOT . H.R. 1300: Mrs. B
EATTY , Mr. D EUTCH , Mrs. D
INGELL , Mr. C ICILLINE , and Mr. N ORCROSS . H.R. 1318: Mr. B
OST and Mr. F RELING -
HUYSEN . H.R. 1363: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 1447: Mrs. D
EMINGS , Ms. K APTUR , Ms. S
PEIER , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. TEDLIEUof California, Mr. H IMES, Mr. C OO-
PER, Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, and Mr. D
EUTCH . H.R. 1515: Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. K
IHUEN , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. E NGEL , Mrs. D
EMINGS , Ms. K APTUR , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , and Ms. E
SHOO . H.R. 1683: Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. H
ANABUSA , and Mr. C RIST. H.R. 1884: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK and Ms. P INGREE . H.R. 1902: Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 1911: Ms. S
INEMA , Mr. R UTHERFORD , and Mr. Q
UIGLEY . H.R. 1957: Ms. B
ORDALLO , Mr. S HERMAN , Ms. K
APTUR , Ms. L EE, Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. K IL-
MER, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. H ECK, Mr. M CEACHIN , Mr. W
ALZ, and Mr. H IMES. H.R. 2069: Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS of California. H.R. 2092: Mr. H
ULTGREN and Mr. J OYCE of Ohio. H.R. 2119: Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, Mr. R
YANof Ohio, Mr. K IHUEN , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Ms. K
APTUR , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. B
EN RAY LUJA´Nof New Mexico, Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, and Mr. C ONNOLLY . H.R. 2150: Ms. F
UDGE . H.R. 2267: Ms. E
STYof Connecticut and Mr. G
OTTHEIMER . H.R. 2315: Mr. L
OUDERMILK , Ms. H ERRERA  B
EUTLER , and Mr. R EICHERT . H.R. 2358: Mr. C
OOPER , Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. L
UCAS , Mr. M CEACHIN , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. S
UOZZI , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. B
ACON , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , and Mr. W OODALL . H.R. 2594: Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 2620: Mr. C
LOUD . H.R. 2640: Mr. W
ELCH and Ms. P ELOSI . H.R. 2902: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 2953: Mr. S
TIVERS , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. K
ATKO , Mrs. T ORRES , and Mr. C OLE. H.R. 3145: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 3222: Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Mr. P
ANETTA , Mrs. D EMINGS , Ms. K APTUR , Mrs. L
OWEY , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. C
OOPER , and Ms. B ARRAGA ´N. H.R. 3325: Mr. M
ARSHALL and Mr. D ENHAM . H.R. 3398: Ms. B
ORDALLO and Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN . H.R. 3473: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 3513: Mr. L
AWSON of Florida. H.R. 3520: Mr. E
NGEL , Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali- fornia, Mr. D
EUTCH , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Ms. E
SHOO , Mr. K IHUEN , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. S
OTO, Mrs. D EMINGS , and Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 3780: Mr. M
EADOWS . H.R. 3798: Mr. E
STES of Kansas. H.R. 3834: Mr. F
ASO, Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER , Mr. M ACARTHUR , and Mr. S IRES. H.R. 3976: Mr. V
ALADAO . H.R. 4107: Mrs. D
EMINGS , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , Mr. C RAWFORD , Ms. K AP-
TUR, Mr. P ANETTA , Ms. P INGREE , Ms. C LARKE  of New York, Mr. F
ASO, and Mr. U PTON . H.R. 4143: Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD . H.R. 4256: Mr. B
UCSHON , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. Y
OHO, and Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 4312: Mr. G
OSAR . H.R. 4426: Mr. G
ALLEGO . H.R. 4454: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 4483: Mr. M
EADOWS and Mr. G AETZ . H.R. 4588: Mr. M
EADOWS and Mr. M ITCHELL . H.R. 4704: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 4732: Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio, Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. M
OOLENAAR , and Mr. W ITTMAN . H.R. 4765: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 5011: Mr. P
ETERS , Ms. D ELBENE, and Ms. D
EGETTE . H.R. 5034: Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas, Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Mr. C ONNOLLY , and Mrs. T ORRES . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE7.049 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8172 September 12, 2018 
H.R. 5114: Mr. T EDLIEUof California. H.R. 5136: Mr. F
OSTER . H.R. 5141: Mr. M
ARINO , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Ms. T
SONGAS , Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. T ONKO , and Mr. C
OURTNEY . H.R. 5153: Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Mr. H ILL, and Ms. T
ENNEY . H.R. 5161: Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 5222: Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 5244: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 5282: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania and Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H.R. 5306: Mr. S
MUCKER and Mr. G IANFORTE . H.R. 5340: Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 5341: Ms. R
OSEN . H.R. 5374: Mr. S
CHIFF and Ms. E SHOO . H.R. 5460: Ms. J
AYAPAL and Mr. M ARSHALL . H.R. 5468: Mr. B
UCK. H.R. 5476: Mr. P
ANETTA . H.R. 5500: Mr. F
ERGUSON . H.R. 5561: Ms. A
DAMS , Ms. B LUNT ROCH-
ESTER , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsyl- vania, Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. M I-
CHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. D UN-
CANof South Carolina, Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. H
UDSON , Mr. H UNTER , Ms. J
AYAPAL , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. K
INZINGER , Mr. L AMB, Ms. L EE, Mr. L
EVIN, Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , Mr. S MITH of Wash- ington, Mr. T
AYLOR , Mrs. T ORRES , and Mr. Y
OHO. H.R. 5671: Mr. S
IRES and Mr. V ALADAO . H.R. 5701: Mr. M
ARSHALL and Mr. H ILL. H.R. 5753: Mrs. D
EMINGS . H.R. 5760: Mr. H
IMES. H.R. 5819: Ms. H
ANABUSA . H.R. 5879: Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida, Mr. L
AMBORN , Mrs. D EMINGS , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. A
GUILAR , Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. G
ALLEGO , and Mr. P OSEY . H.R. 5899: Mr. B
OST. H.R. 5908: Mr. G
RIJALVA . H.R. 5948: Mr. P
OEof Texas. H.R. 5949: Mr. P
OEof Texas. H.R. 5988: Mr. W
ALBERG and Mr. L UETKE -
MEYER . H.R. 6014: Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 6016: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 6018: Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 6021: Mr. B
EYER . H.R. 6033: Mr. C
OOPER , Ms. R OYBAL - A
LLARD , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mrs. D EMINGS , Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Ms. B ASS, Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. K
IHUEN , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. M CEACHIN , Mr. D
ELANEY , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Mrs. T ORRES , and Mr. S
ERRANO . H.R. 6064: Mr. Z
ELDIN . H.R. 6079: Mr. WITTMAN . H.R. 6080: Mr. C
ARBAJAL . H.R. 6086: Ms. D
EGETTE and Mr. P ETERS . H.R. 6093: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 6097: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 6104: Ms. J
ACKSON LEEand Mr. D AVID-
SON. H.R. 6125: Mr. K
ING of New York, Mr. S
UOZZI , Miss R ICEof New York, Ms. M ENG, Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. T
ONKO , and Mr. H IGGINS of New York. H.R. 6143: Ms. R
OSEN and Mr. B IGGS. H.R. 6144: Mr. B
IGGS and Ms. R OSEN . H.R. 6156: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK and Mr. B ILI-
RAKIS . H.R. 6197: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 6224: Mr. T
URNER , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , and Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 6227: Mr. B
ALDERSON . H.R. 6230: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, and Mr. Q
UIGLEY . H.R. 6267: Mr. S
OTO and Mr. L ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 6268: Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida. H.R. 6277: Mr. S
MITH of Missouri. H.R. 6287: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Mr. G
RAVES of Missouri, Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, Miss G ONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico, and Mr. L
OBIONDO . H.R. 6390: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 6411: Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 6417: Mrs. B
LACK and Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 6421: Ms. G
RANGER . H.R. 6437: Ms. D
EGETTE . H.R. 6455: Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 6505: Ms. L
OFGREN and Mr. C OURTNEY . H.R. 6510: Mr. G
ALLAGHER , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. H
IMES, Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. P
ALLONE , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Ms. D
ELBENE, Mrs. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. C
OOPER , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. B ARR, Mr. J OHNSON  of Ohio, Ms. G
RANGER , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. G
IBBS, Mr. E MMER , and Mr. B IGGS. H.R. 6543: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina and Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois. H.R. 6545: Mr. K
EATING , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Ms. E
STYof Connecticut, Mr. S
CHRADER , Mr. L AWSON of Florida, and Mr. B
EYER . H.R. 6580: Mr. P
ANETTA . H.R. 6595: Mr. P
OEof Texas. H.R. 6606: Mr. L
AMB, Mr. E VANS , and Mr. P
ERRY . H.R. 6609: Mr. LARSEN of Washington and Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 6622: Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida, Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida, Mr. T HOMAS J. R OONEY  of Florida, and Mr. D
IAZ-BALART . H.R. 6626: Mr. N
ORCROSS and Mr. L OBIONDO . H.R. 6629: Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. R YANof Ohio, and Mr. S
IRES. H.R. 6637: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 6645: Mr. B
ILIRAKIS and Mr. D IAZ- B
ALART . H.R. 6657: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 6711: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER and Mr. G RI-
JALVA . H.R. 6720: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 6728: Mr. G
ALLEGO and Ms. S INEMA . H.R. 6730: Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER , Mr. P OEof Texas, and Mr. G
AETZ . H.R. 6734: Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas, Mr. B ISHOP  of Georgia, Ms. S
INEMA , and Mr. D UNN. H.R. 6737: Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 6745: Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 6753: Mr. B
RADY of Texas and Mr. N
EAL. H.R. 6755: Mr. H
OLDING . H.R. 6757: Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.R. 6758: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 6759: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H. Con. Res. 105: Mr. D
ELANEY . H. Res. 15: Mr. P
ETERSON . H. Res. 31: Mr. L
AMBand Mr. P ETERSON . H. Res. 69: Mr. C
OHEN and Mr. L YNCH . H. Res. 199: Mr. M
CEACHIN . H. Res. 274: Mr. C
ORREA . H. Res. 349: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H. Res. 401: Mrs. L
OWEY and Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI . H. Res. 493: Mr. B
ACON . H. Res. 673: Mr. P
ERRY and Mrs. L ESKO . H. Res. 776: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER and Ms. T
ITUS. H. Res. 864: Mr. D
ENHAM , Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. S EAN P
ATRICK MALONEY of New York, and Mrs. D
AVIS of California. H. Res. 987: Mr. H
UFFMAN . H. Res. 993: Mr. S
WALWELL of California and Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER . H. Res. 1031: Mr. D
ELANEY . H. Res. 1055: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . f 
DELETION OF SPONSORS FROM PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were deleted from public bills and reso-lutions, as follows: 
H.R. 6417: Mr. E VANS . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE7.055 H12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6115 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 2018 No. 152 
Senate 
The Senate met at 3:01 p.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Lord of our being, on yesterday, as we remembered September 11, we also felt gratitude for Your sovereignty over the affairs of humanity. May our lawmakers trust in Your unfolding providence to continue to sustain this land we love and guide our world. Lord, disentangle our Senators from life’s turmoil, inspiring them to focus on accomplishing Your purposes. Lord, give them the wisdom to find time to read Sacred Scriptures. Remind them that they belong to You, as You draw them daily nearer to Yourself. We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
OOMEY ). Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader is recognized. 
f 
NOMINATION OF BRETT KAVANAUGH Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, the Nation watched the President’s out-standing Supreme Court nominee last week, Judge Brett Kavanaugh, testify before the Judiciary Committee. They saw Chairman GRASSLEY guide the committee with gracious, strong leadership and an incredible amount of patience. The chairman deserves our gratitude, as do all of the committee staff, whose hard work and dedication made it possible for Senators to thor-oughly examine Judge Kavanaugh and review more pages of documents per-taining to his career than were pro-duced for the last five Supreme Court nominees combined. The American people also saw an ex-tensive extremely impressive nominee. Judge Kavanaugh was candid and forthcoming, within the ethical con-straints that exist for judicial nomi-nees. He demonstrated the intellectual brilliance and thoughtful temperament for which he is so widely known. He showed exactly why he is universally acknowledged as a leading legal mind and exactly why he will make a phe-nomenal Associate Justice of the Su-preme Court. Unfortunately, not everyone per-formed as admirably or as profes-sionally last week. Some of our Demo-cratic colleagues repeatedly inter-rupted Chairman G
RASSLEY , behaved rudely toward the nominee, and hauled out one dishonest partisan attack after another to try to distort his record and smear Judge Kavanaugh. Now, this is a nominee who Lisa Blatt, a prominent litigator and self- described liberal Democrat, testified as ‘‘unquestionably qualified by his ex-traordinary intellect, experience, and temperament.’’ This is a nominee who prominent lib-eral law professor Akhil Amar praised as ‘‘studious and open-minded.’’ This left-leaning academic described Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination as ‘‘President Trump’s finest hour.’’ This is a nominee whose record and reputation have revealed Democrats’ partisan attacks to be futile and silly and dishonest. At this point, dishonest attacks and half-truths are all that is left for our colleagues who made up their minds long ago that they were going to oppose Judge Kavanaugh no matter what—no matter what. You don’t need to take my word for this. The Washington Post’s Fact Checker called out one of our Demo-cratic colleagues and assigned her shameless misrepresentation of Judge Kavanaugh’s testimony four Pinocchios—the strongest condemna-tion. This particular Senator cherry- picked from a sentence where Judge Kavanaugh was paraphrasing one side’s argument in a case that came before him, stripped his description of its con-tent, and held up the party’s position in that case as though it was Judge Kavanaugh’s own personal opinion. But by trying to slime Judge Kavanaugh, the Democrats are only underscoring one of his most impres-sive skills—his widely acclaimed talent for thinking through all parties’ per-spectives and engaging fairly with the full range of views, regardless of his personal beliefs. This and all other specious attacks that were trotted out said absolutely nothing about Judge Kavanaugh’s ac-tual record. They said a great deal about the Senators who were willing to resort to them in order to appease the far-left special interests, but I suspect that everyone who listened fairly to Judge Kavanaugh and the other wit-nesses came away seriously impressed with his qualifications for the Court, and I look forward to voting to confirm him here on the Senate floor in the coming weeks. 
f 
NOMINATION OF CHARLES P. RETTIG Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, on another matter, later this afternoon, the Senate will vote to advance the nomination of Charles Rettig to serve as Commissioner of the IRS. Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE6.000 S12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6116 September 12, 2018 
Rettig’s nomination comes at a crucial time, as the Federal Government con-tinues to implement once-in-a-genera-tion tax reform. Recent memory reminds us just how important it is that all Americans get a fair shake from the agency that over-sees the Tax Code. This historic new law makes it all the more important that the IRS continue to modernize and improve its technological infra-structure. So I look forward to this nominee’s getting to work on behalf of the Amer-ican taxpayers. 
f 
APPROPRIATIONS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, we will then turn back to appropriations. This week we will vote to approve the conference report that will fund energy and water, military construction and the VA, and the legislative branch. This week’s bills contain $147 billion for projects ranging from waterways infrastructure to military family hous-ing, to nuclear security and much more. This legislation equips the Army Corps of Engineers to carry out harbor maintenance, inland waterways res-toration, and critical flood damage re-duction efforts. It enables the Depart-ment of Energy to support groundbreaking research in computing systems and energy efficiency and to step up the security of our Nation’s nu-clear arsenal. The Military Construction and VA title funds overdue maintenance to operational facilities, as well as nearly $2 billion in support for military fam-ily and personnel housing, and it ex-pands resources for in-house VA med-ical services and broadens community options for veterans seeking vital treatment through funding of the VA MISSION Act. These are national priorities with local impacts that will be felt in every one of our States. In my home State of Kentucky, hun-dreds of millions of dollars will go to-ward training facilities at Fort Camp-bell and Fort Knox, infrastructure im-provements in Appalachia, and envi-ronmental cleanup efforts in Paducah. I know all Senators can tell similar stories for their own States. So we are looking forward to taking another step forward on regular appropriations and passing this conference report this week. I want to thank Chairman S
HELBY  and Senator L
EAHY for all they have done to keep this process going for-ward. Thanks also to the subcommittee chairmen, Senator B
OOZMAN and Sen-ator D
AINES ; Senator A LEXANDER , who chaired the conference; and all of my colleagues on the Appropriations Com-mittee. So let’s pass this legislation and keep making progress together. 
f 
OPIOID EPIDEMIC Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, on one final matter, the pain that opioid addiction and drug abuse has inflicted on families across America is almost unfathomable. Every day, 115 more American lives are lost to overdose. Synthetic opioid deaths nationwide skyrocketed six-fold from 2014 to last year alone. Sadly, the Commonwealth of Ken-tucky is all too familiar with these sta-tistics. More than 1,500 Kentuckians died from a drug overdose in 2017, and Kentucky has ranked among the top 10 States for opioid fatalities for several years. The tragic medical trends are only one of the ways this crisis is crippling communities all across our country. These drugs eat away at economic op-portunities, they erode our labor mar-ket, and they make it even harder for distressed communities to get back on their feet. So this is nothing short of a national emergency, and that is why Congress has already passed major legislation to address it, and very soon we will take significant new action by passing the legislation that has been shepherded by Senator ALEXANDER and his committee colleagues. This landmark package combines work from 5 different com-mittees and 70 different Senators. I am proud that two of my bills are included—the CAREER Act, to help in-dividuals in recovery transition back into the workforce and access housing services, and a second provision that will step up accountability on Federal efforts to combat addiction among pregnant mothers. These are just two pieces of this com-prehensive package. It will cut the supply of illegal drugs that pour over our borders, make it easier for communities to invest in re-covery efforts, extend a helping hand to families and caregivers, and provide for the longer term medical innovation we need to put this crisis in the rear-view mirror. I am pleased to have played a part in developing this landmark response. I am grateful to Chairman A
LEX-
ANDER and his colleagues, and I will be proud to vote for this legislation very soon. 
f 
THE ECONOMY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, on one final matter, it has been a rough week for our Democratic colleagues who claim that the Republican policy agenda wouldn’t lay a good foundation for a strong economy, but it has been a great week for America’s workers and middle-class families. The evidence keeps piling up. Tax re-form and regulatory reform have helped create the conditions for one of the best economic moments the Amer-ican people have seen in recent mem-ory, and some measures are at their best levels in decades. Here is just a small sample: ‘‘U.S. job growth accelerated in Au-gust and wages notched their largest annual increase in more than nine years.’’ Another headline reads: ‘‘Job open-ings hit record high.’’ Another: ‘‘Small business optimism surges to highest level ever.’’ This economy is literally flying through all-time records faster than I can come to the floor and discuss them. Many of these numbers are unprece-dented. They are exactly the opposite of what some gloom-and-doom Demo-crats insisted would happen if this uni-fied Republican government put our opportunity agenda into effect. Fortunately, my Republican col-leagues and I know that getting Wash-ington, DC, out of the way helps make good things happen for the American people, and that is exactly what we will continue to do. f 
ENERGY AND WATER, LEGISLA-TIVE BRANCH, AND MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019—CONFERENCE REPORT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask that the Chair lay before the Sen-ate the conference report to accom-pany H.R. 5895. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair lays before the Senate the con-ference report to accompany H.R. 5895, which will be stated by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The committee of conference on the dis-agreeing votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 5895), making appropriations for the energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, having met, after full and free conference, have agreed to their re-spective Houses: That the House recede from its disagree-ment to the amendment of the Senate and agree to the same with an amendment, and the Senate agree to the same, signed by a majority of the conferees on the part of both Houses. 
Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the conference report. (The conference report is printed in the House proceedings of the R
ECORD of September 10, 2018.) 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk for the conference report. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the con-ference report to accompany H.R. 5895, an act making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes. Mitch McConnell, John Thune, Thom Tillis, Lisa Murkowski, Mike Rounds, Jon Kyl, Lamar Alexander, Orrin G. Hatch, John Barrasso, Mike Crapo, Bill Cassidy, Roger F. Wicker, Pat Roberts, Ben Sasse, Lindsey Graham, Chuck Grassley, John Cornyn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12SE6.002 S12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6117 September 12, 2018 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the mandatory quorum call be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to resume consideration of the following nomina-tion, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of Charles P. Rettig, of Cali-fornia, to be Commissioner of Internal Revenue for the term expiring Novem-ber 12, 2022. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. 
REPUBLICAN AGENDA AND NOMINATION OF  
BRETT KAVANAUGH  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, the Senate recently completed what was easily the most productive August in memory. We passed six appropriations bills with full debate on the Senate floor. We passed the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act. We confirmed 25 appointees to impor-tant jobs in the administration. We confirmed 17 Federal judges to the bench, and we set up votes for another 8 earlier this month. When I was home in Wyoming, I talked to a number of people around the State, and they were pleased to see how much we are actually getting done. I can state that they absolutely think we should keep up this pace. Maybe the most important thing that people expect us to deal with quickly is confirming Judge Brett Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court. I be-lieve we are off to a good start with confirmation hearings for Judge Kavanaugh, which were held last week in the Judiciary Committee. What people who watched the hear-ings learned was that Judge Kavanaugh is well respected, main-stream, and a highly qualified indi-vidual for this important job. What people also saw is that some Members of the opposite party—the Democrats in the Senate—are totally unwilling to give him fair consideration. Senators have been given access to more than 500,000 pages of records from his time as a judge and throughout his career in public service. That is three times the amount of information that any other Supreme Court nominee has ever produced. For some nominees of the Supreme Court, these kinds of doc-uments are very important. They can tell us a lot about how a nominee thinks and about how he or she might approach the job of being a Justice. It is especially important when that per-son under consideration has never served as a judge before, and some-times that is all we have to look at. But that is not the case with Judge Kavanaugh. Judge Kavanaugh has served on the circuit court of appeals for 12 years, and he has written opinions in over 300 cases. If anyone wants to know what he will act like as a judge, then they can just look at how he has already acted as a judge for the past dozen years. These documents, these opinions he wrote in the 300 cases on the court in which he is serving, are the documents that matter. They are the ones that tell us how he approaches being a judge. Senators have had access to these court opinions since the day Judge Kavanaugh was nominated 8 weeks ago. If Democrats would just take the time to read through these opinions, they would see that Judge Kavanaugh is extremely thoughtful and is independent. He is absolutely de-voted to preserving the rule of law and protecting the separation of powers that is the basis of our Constitution. If Democrats don’t want to read through all these documents and these deci-sions, well, they can focus on the 13 cases where the Supreme Court adopt-ed Judge Kavanaugh’s reasoning. That is how much respect other judges and Justices have for the careful and com-pelling decisions he has written. One case dealt with a regulation put out by the Environmental Protection Agency. Judge Kavanaugh found that the Agency had exceeded its authority under the law when they wrote the reg-ulation. Judge Kavanaugh wrote that ‘‘it is not our job to make the policy choices and set the statutory bound-aries, but it is emphatically our job to carefully but firmly enforce the statu-tory boundaries.’’ The Supreme Court agreed with Judge Kavanaugh’s reasoning. One constitutional scholar pointed out that ‘‘Judge Kavanaugh commands wide and deep respect among scholars, lawyers, judges, and justices.’’ Another legal scholar said that Judge Kavanaugh is ‘‘one of the most learned judges in America on a variety of issues, ranging from theories of statu-tory interpretation to separation of powers.’’ A third law professor agreed. He called Judge Kavanaugh ‘‘a true intel-lectual—a leading thinker and writer on the subjects of statutory interpreta-tion and federal courts.’’ Finally, if it is even too much for some Democratic Senators to read through all the glowing reviews of Judge Kavanaugh’s career, they could just look at what he has actually said. Look at his own simple, straight-forward summary of his judging philos-ophy. In a speech last year, he made it very clear. He said: ‘‘The judge’s job is to interpret the law, not to make the law or make policy.’’ This view—that the judge’s job is to interpret the law, not to make the law or make policy—and every example I have seen from Judge Kavanaugh’s record is squarely in the mainstream of America’s thinking today. Despite all of this information being available, some Democrats are trying to say that they still want even more documents. They are hoping against hope that if they request another 500,000 pages, they can delay things a little longer. Well, let me assure you, it is not going to happen. I think that most Democrats who have been making the most noise real-ly don’t want more documents. That is because so many of the Democrats complaining the loudest are the same ones who said that they have already made up their minds and made an-nouncements that they are planning to vote against the nominee. Some were saying it before the nomination was even announced. From the very beginning, liberal ac-tivists called on Senator SCHUMER to do everything in his power to keep this seat empty for as long as possible. There are several Senators on the other side of the aisle who have gladly taken up this challenge from the far left corners of their base. I hope that more reasonable Demo-crats will reject the calls for needless delays and dangerous obstruction. I hope there are Democrats in the Sen-ate who are willing to listen to what Judge Kavanaugh actually said during his hearing. I hope there are Democrats who are willing to read some of the hundreds of thousands of pages of docu-ments. I hope there are some Demo-crats who are willing to listen to the experts who are describing Judge Kavanaugh as ‘‘one of the most learned judges’’ in our country. It is clear that Judge Kavanaugh has the right approach to being a judge. It is clear that he is a person of solid character and that he has a strong in-tellect. It is clear that America needs Judge Kavanaugh on the Supreme Court and that it is time for Democrats to give up this pointless obstruction. Thank you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Montana. 
CONFERENCE REPORT TO H .R. 5895 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, the con-ference report that we are considering today is good news for our country. Along with providing funding for our veterans and supporting critical energy and infrastructure projects, it also in-cludes $4.8 billion for the agencies in the legislative branch. The legislative branch portion of the conference report allocates funding in an appropriate manner. It promotes government transparency, as well as increasing security here at the Capitol Complex. This is very important. In support of good government, this agreement includes a provision known as e-file, requiring U.S. Senate can-didates to file campaign finance re-ports electronically, directly with the Federal Election Commission, as every other Federal candidate must do. Not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12SE6.006 S12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6118 September 12, 2018 
only does this provision increase trans-parency, it will reduce bureaucratic in-efficiency and will save about $1 mil-lion in taxpayer dollars. This agreement also provides $589.7 million for the Government Account-ability Office to hire additional staff to bolster oversight of government pro-grams and spending. Having spent most of my career in the private sector, ac-countability is a good thing. There is not enough of it here in Washington, DC. In fact, according to a report issued by the GAO, the GAO returns $128 for every dollar invested in its budget. That is a good example of ac-countability and getting results for the American taxpayer. In fact, the result-ing benefit of this oversight by GAO was approximately $74 billion in docu-mented savings for the taxpayers in 2017. That is where you get the $128 re-turn for every dollar invested in the agency. The Capitol Police is fully funded at the requested level of $456.3 million, al-lowing for the continued protection of visitors coming to the Capitol campus every year, as well as the Members and their staff. These are just a few highlights of the bill, which allocates resources in a re-sponsible way to maintain existing services, as well as providing critical investments across the U.S. Capitol campus. Lastly, and importantly, I want to thank Senator C
HRIS MURPHY , my ranking member, for working with me in a bipartisan manner throughout this process. This is my first year as chair-man of the Legislative Branch Sub-committee. I would also like to thank Chairman S
HELBY and Vice Chairman L
EAHY for their leadership and efforts to return to regular order on a Senate appropriations bill. This is quite re-markable, but it shouldn’t be. The bar has been set so low in Washington, DC, that Congress can’t get their appro-priations bills or spending bills passed before the end of the current fiscal year going into next year. Well, guess what. The fiscal year ends on Sep-tember 30, and here we are on Sep-tember 12, moving forward now on ap-propriations. That is a good thing for our country. I urge my colleagues to support this conference report as we continue to move these bills forward to fund the government on time and in the right way. I see my distinguished colleague, Senator M
URPHY from Connecticut, is here as well, and it has truly been an honor to serve with Senator M
URPHY to move this forward on behalf of the American people. Thank you, Mr. President. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Connecticut. Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, let me express my thanks in return to Chair-man D
AINES for being such a fantastic guide and a fantastic partner on this subcommittee budget. I am excited to bring this to my colleagues this morn-ing. I will note that he took over mid-stream from Senator LANKFORD , who began this process. I will also note that we didn’t really get moving so quickly to a conference committee until Sen-ator D
AINES took over. I give him great credit for adding so much and being such a great partner in all of this. I really don’t need to go through all of the important initiatives Senator D
AINES already did; maybe I will spend a minute doing so. I would note that we made progress on some issues that had been stalled in the Legislative Ap-propriations Subcommittee for a long time—such as intern pay or the re-quirement to file campaign finance re-ports online—I think because we were able to do this budget on its own, with a real process, with a real committee debate, and with a real conference committee. When these budgets get tied up in giant omnibus negotiations, it tends to be that only the top four or five issues in the omnibus get the at-tention from the folks in the room. These budgets are very important, but maybe because they are a little bit smaller than the budget for HHS or the Department of Defense, they go untended to. As we return to regular order, not only do I think that is a breath of fresh air for democracy, it is not good news for anybody when the decisions over a budget get decided behind closed doors amongst a very small set of people ap-pointed by the Democratic leader and the Republican leader. It is also good government because when we do these budgets one by one, we get to flesh out some very important and sometimes controversial issues that we might not get to address when they are all lumped together in a massive package. I hope this is now the way we do things. I congratulate Senator M
CCON-
NELL and Senator S HELBY for setting the tone. I know there are a couple of conference committees tomorrow on some other packages. I hope they go as well as ours did. In this budget, we did some very good things. We have a long list of deferred maintenance here on this campus. We have 16.5 million square feet of build-ings. We have millions of visitors who come to experience the U.S. Capitol. We provide $734 million for the Archi-tect of the Capitol to make those tar-geted investments. Accountability and transparency were things Senator D
AINES focused on as chairman. We will have 50 additional auditors and investigators at the Gov-ernment Accountability Office. That is the office which makes sure that we are doing our job, that we are spending taxpayer dollars wisely. When they issue reports, the taxpayers save money, and now they have the ability to do more of that great work. It also provides full funding for the Capitol Police. I want to specifically thank Senator D
AINES for working with us to include in this budget an initiative that we started here in the Senate to improve protections and co-ordination for Members’ security off campus, to recognize the new and emerging threats that exist in and around Washington, DC. Finally—I have said it before, but I will say it again—there is a break-through, a small amount of money to help compensate interns. Lives change when they get to experience something like working for their Member of Con-gress, for their Senator. It opens their eyes to a set of experiences that would not be available to them otherwise. Under prior practice where very few Senate offices paid for those internship experiences, you had to be a child of means in order to get here. Now, hope-fully, with this small amount of money we are giving to our interns, we will have a much greater pool of applicants and a much greater pool of young men and women who will be able to be here and work in our offices. I think that is good for this place, and I think it is good for the kids who are going to get to experience government. Faith in government and belief in civic partici-pation couldn’t be lower today. Giving more kids from diverse backgrounds access to the Federal Government is a very positive development. Again, it has been a joy to work with Senator DAINES . It is great to be on a conference committee. I had heard ru-mors about conferences committees, and we got to sit on one and hammer out a budget with our House col-leagues. I hope it sails through as we move to final debate and passage. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. 
FREEDOM OF THE PRESS  
Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I rise be-fore you today to express the impor-tance of freedom of the press both around the world and here at home. Journalists take risks—often great risks—to tell the stories of war, geno-cide, hunger, poverty, and corruption around the world while facing unprece-dented rates of intimidation and vio-lence. Freedom of expression is the bedrock of our democracy, but we must not take it for granted. It is how we hold ourselves to the standards set by the Founders and hold ourselves account-able and how we protect our institu-tions from falling into traps set by those who seek to abuse power. Earlier this year, I introduced S. Res. 501, a resolution recognizing threats to freedom of the press and freedom of ex-pression. This resolution was intro-duced with Senators R
UBIO and W YDEN , and I thank my colleagues for their leadership on this important issue. This resolution highlights the impor-tance of the freedom of the press, con-demns attacks against journalists, and reaffirms press freedom as a priority 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12SE6.007 S12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6119 September 12, 2018 
for the U.S. Government. This resolu-tion is in honor of the 46 journalists who were killed in 2017 for their report-ing, for the 262 journalists who were imprisoned around the world last year, and, as part of that 262, the 21 journal-ists who were jailed just in 2017 for ‘‘false news,’’ which more than doubled the 2016 record. These journalists are mothers and fa-thers and sons and daughters who put their lives and, indeed, their freedom on the line to shed a light on some of the world’s toughest stories. I would like to tell the story of one of the jour-nalists who lost his life last year, Chris Allen, while he bravely reported from a conflict area. I acknowledge Chris’s parents, Joyce Krajian and John Allen, who are here with us today. Chris grew up in Narberth, PA, and graduated from the University of Penn-sylvania. Chris’s parents say he was an explorer from an early age and had a keen interest in history. He went on to pursue his master’s degree at Oxford. He was encouraged to go to places where history was being made. Chris embraced this calling and became a freelance journalist—first in eastern Ukraine, where he embedded with pro- Ukranian forces and reported for out-lets like the Independent and the Guardian, in order to help give his au-dience a glimpse of the conflict up close. His mother Joyce and his father John have shared this memory of Chris: 
This desire to bring to light untold stories from uncovered regions of the world and the plights of their peoples—that’s what moti-vated Chris. He wanted to know the thoughts and feelings of those encountering conflict firsthand. 
So said his parents. After 3 years in Ukraine, Chris de-cided to embed with the South Sudan opposition forces near the Ugandan border. On August 26, 2017, we under-stand that Chris walked overnight with these fighters and two other journal-ists to the town of Kaya. Chris was killed shortly after dawn while he pho-tographed a gun battle between opposi-tion and government forces. Chris was just 26 years old. In the early years of his professional life, Chris had already committed him-self to the vital job of covering dan-gerous places and exposing stories of vulnerable people whose countries were embroiled in war. In the year that has passed since his death, despite commit-ments from the South Sudanese Gov-ernment to investigate, Joyce and John have no official information about how he was killed, and no one has been held accountable for the loss of their son. They have seen South Su-danese Government officials smear Chris’s reputation and threaten other foreign journalists with the same fate. This is unthinkable for any parent to have to endure. Chris Allen’s parents have more ques-tions than they have answers. Chris and others like him have lost their lives in the pursuit of truth, with no accountability or justice. Other jour-nalists sit in prison today for daring to speak truth to power. We have a re-sponsibility to advance these core American values—the values of free-dom of expression and freedom of the press. These values continue to serve as an example to the world. As I mentioned earlier, our bipar-tisan resolution reaffirms press free-dom as a priority for the United States. What does this mean exactly? First, advocating for media freedom should be a feature of the U.S. Govern-ment’s interactions with other govern-ments where the media is censored, si-lenced, or threatened. I have had tough conversations over the years, as I know many of my colleagues have had, with foreign government officials about human rights and the rule of law. I know it can be difficult to advance these values while always cooperating on other issues like security or other political issues, but we must press these issues. Whether it is advocating for the release of two Reuters journal-ists who were detained under anti-quated laws in Myanmar, pressing for an investigation into Chris Allen’s death, or pushing for reforms to allow media workers to operate more freely, the U.S. Government must be con-sistent and persistent. Perhaps more importantly, we must model the respect for free journalism and empower journalists here at home. Investigative journalism helps to hold accountable government officials, elected representatives, business lead-ers, and others. It exposes fraud and waste and corruption, which corrode our society. It helps us to connect with the men and the women in uniform who serve our Nation overseas and to understand the conflicts in which they fight. It shows us the atrocities of ter-rorist groups like ISIS and the abuses of dictatorial regimes like that of Bashar al-Assad’s. Journalists amplify the voices of the most vulnerable among us and provide for us a window into the homes and into the hearts of people a world away. Instead of respecting these profes-sionals, President Trump has called them the ‘‘enemy of the people.’’ When we hear powerful voices denigrate tough reporting as ‘‘fake news’’ or bar reporters from doing their jobs by blocking access, we all must condemn it. Reporters, writers, photographers, and media workers in the United States have not been intimidated and will continue to carry the torch of core American values like freedom of the press. On both sides of the aisle, we have a responsibility to rebuke any anti-press narratives by any public of-ficials. This narrative is not only anti-thetical to the values our Founders laid out in the Bill of Rights, but it is dangerous. I urge my colleagues to support S. Res. 501 this week and to speak up for media freedoms every day. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Texas. OPIOID EPIDEMIC  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, late this week or early next week, we will vote on a bill called the Opioid Crisis Response Act. This is a powerful piece of legislation for which our colleague Chairman L
AMAR ALEXANDER deserves great cred-it for shepherding through the process, but he was, by no means, alone in doing so. This bill, as he will tell you, represents the contribution of more than 70 different Senators and 5 dif-ferent standing committees of the U.S. Senate. That takes a lot of careful work and a lot of determination. The bill is bipartisan, as one would expect, and that, of course, would not have happened without there having been in-tense collaboration. For those who like to say that bipartisanship is dead in the U.S. Senate, this bill and other bi-partisan work we have done and will do is evidence that that is simply false. In 2017, President Trump declared the opioid crisis a national public health emergency. Since then, we have seen 116 Americans die from opioid-related overdoses daily, and in places like New Hampshire, that death rate has been double the national average. In some places, coroners have asked local fu-neral homes to help because there has just not been enough room to store the bodies at the morgues. Let that sink in for just a minute. Coroners are asking funeral homes to help store the bodies because there is not enough room at the morgues because of the 116 Ameri-cans who lose their lives to opioid ad-diction each day. People of all races and ethnicities— regardless of gender—are dying. Drugs, of course, do not discriminate. Even when people survive overdoses, they often come back only to return to the prisons of their addictions. Sometimes they rob, steal, or sell themselves in order to get their fixes for oxycodone, hydrocodone, heroin, or fentanyl—all opioids. Meanwhile, for the rest of their lives, their relationships, their families crumble. Maybe they are look-ing for escape. Maybe they are looking for some sort of meaning. Maybe they are veterans who are self-medicating or they have mental diagnoses that sim-ply go undiscovered, and, thus, they try to medicate by resorting to alcohol or, in this case, to opioids. Yet the re-sult is always the same. Their bodies can’t handle the poison, and their minds’ cravings can never be wholly satisfied. That is how the breakdown begins. Drug addiction and the carnage asso-ciated with it is, of course, nothing new in our country. What is new are the types of drugs that are being cre-ated by those who tinker with chem-ical formulas in order to evade our cur-rent laws. What is also new is the ex-tent of the tragedy. Overdoses are going up in many places—so high, in fact, that the average life expectancy for adult males in the United States has fallen. As Christopher Caldwell wrote in ‘‘First Things’’ last year, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12SE6.009 S12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6120 September 12, 2018 
‘‘The death toll far eclipses those of all previous drug crises.’’ The bill we will be voting on is our honest attempt to look this crisis in the eye, not to shy away from the ugly reality. The legislation tries, in several mutually reinforcing ways, to end what Caldwell calls the ‘‘artificial hell’’ of those who are addicted. It will supply States with critical funding. It will en-sure that research is expedited and that patients will have access to sub-stance abuse treatment. It will also im-prove detection and interdiction meas-ures to reduce the supplies of illicit drugs that are being funneled across our southern border. I will return to the border in a moment and our neigh-bor Mexico’s role in this. Part of the opioids package involves legislation I introduced with the senior Senator from California, Mrs. F
EIN-
STEIN , called the Substance Abuse Pre-vention Act. It is one of the critical pieces of this broader bill we will be voting on. In addition to reauthorizing lifesaving programs, it is aimed at re-ducing demand. Of course, supply in-creases to meet the increasing demand, and we have to do something about the demand side in order to deal with this problem. It does this first by reauthorizing the Office of National Drug Control Policy, which oversees the executive branch’s efforts on narcotics control by devel-oping a national drug control strategy and coordinating efforts with the States. Second, it reauthorizes one of our Nation’s most important programs for preventing youth substance abuse and keeping drugs out of our neighbor-hoods, the Drug-Free Communities Program. Third, the legislation expands opioid and heroin awareness. Of course, heroin is just one type of opioid. It also im-proves substance abuse treatment and will hopefully result in prescribers of controlled substances being better trained and educated on the potential harmful effects of the drugs they are prescribing. Finally, under our legislation, Sen-ator F
EINSTEIN ’s and mine, the Attor-ney General can also make grants available that focus on substance use disorders. Some of these grants will be used to determine the effectiveness of programs that pair social workers with families who struggle with substance use disorders. We need to invest in pro-grams that actually work, that make a quantifiable, measurable difference. So these grants will help. Like the rest of the country, my State is no stranger when it comes to opioid addiction. According to the Na-tional Institute on Drug Abuse, Texas deaths from heroin and fentanyl—its wicked cousin—have been steadily in-creasing since 2010. These are real peo-ple we have lost, who have real families and real lives. Cash Owen, from Austin, TX, was only 22 years old. When he went to Westlake High School in Aus-tin, where my daughters attended, he liked to cook for a hobby. He later overdosed on heroin. His is just one ex-ample of another life lost to this ter-rible scourge. Obviously, I come from a border State and realize, when it comes to stemming addiction, it is a two-way street. We need to do our part to try to deal with the demand side and to also prevent illicit substances from crossing our borders. ICE—Immigration and Customs En-forcement—deserves a lot of credit when it comes to fighting the opioid crisis in America. Despite some politi-cians’ bizarre and irresponsible calls to abolish the agency, it continues to make great strides in protecting public health and public safety. For example, ICE initiated 3,900 cases for human smuggling just last year. It has ar-rested more than 4,700 members of transnational gangs who moved people and drugs across our border into the United States. It has seized more than 980,000 pounds of narcotics, including drugs such as fentanyl, a synthetic opioid. As I said, it is a two-way street. Actually, fentanyl is worth dwelling on because it shows just how impli-cated Mexico is in all of this. Fentanyl was first developed as a synthetic painkiller and anesthetic. It is 100 times more potent than morphine and up to 50 times stronger than her-oin. What is happening is that enter-prising drug traffickers and designers are taking pure fentanyl and cutting it with other substances—sometimes her-oin, sometimes cocaine, and sometimes methamphetamine. But sometimes amateurs use cheaper fillers and less professional equipment, which makes the doses even more dangerous and the people who take it more likely to over-dose. There remains a debate on just how much fentanyl comes to the United States via Mexico. We know that some comes directly from places like China through our national Postal Service, but a sizable percentage is certainly snuck across our border, along with other illegal drugs, from Mexico. According to the San Diego Union- Tribune, Customs and Border Patrol seized 355 kilograms of fentanyl at the San Diego ports of entry alone in 2017. By the way, a kilogram is 2.2 pounds. They seized 355 kilograms of fentanyl at the San Diego ports of entry alone in 2017. There are fentanyl routes that run through Mexican cartel strongholds and head north across the border into the United States. They funnel an esti-mated 80 percent of the drug across the border. All this is to say that we here in the United States are not alone because the Mexican Government has its hands full as well. Fentanyl seizures inside Mexico have risen sharply, with just under a kilogram seized in 2013 to more than 100 kilograms seized inside of Mexico last year. According to govern-ment data obtained by InSight Crime, in the first 6 months of this year, 2018, Mexican authorities seized 114 kilo-grams. Of course, it is not just problems with fentanyl that we share; our heroin problem in the United States is also tied directly to Mexico. U.S. officials estimate that 90 percent of the heroin used in the United States is produced and trafficked from Mexico. From all the news regarding the opioid crisis, we know what the results are in our country, but what about Mexico? Is this a problem just for the United States, or is this a problem for Mexico as well? In Juarez, right across the El Paso border, a rehab center treats nearly 300 patients a day, including many heroin addicts. In Tijuana, where drug use re-portedly starts as early as middle school, we know they also have a big problem. We know that all across Mex-ico, adolescent consumption is on the rise, particularly with regard to drugs like marijuana. But it is not just mari-juana, it is methamphetamine, fentanyl, heroin—you name it. In fact, according to a recent survey, the per-centage of Mexican men and women be-tween the ages of 12 and 65 who admit to using illegal drugs has roughly dou-bled since 2011. Here is my point: American and Mexican carnage is related. It is actu-ally interrelated. That is why in recent years, through programs like the Merida Initiative, we have worked to-gether with the Mexican Government to combat this multiheaded monster. But our two governments will have to work even closer in the months and days ahead because gangs, cartels, and drug runners are all adapting, diversi-fying, and evolving based on new cir-cumstances, and we need to make sure we keep up with their innovations. In Mexico, since 2007, roughly 200,000 people have died as a result of drug-re-lated violence. That is more than all the deaths in the war zones in Afghani-stan and Iraq combined. In Mexico, 200,000 people have died as a result of drug-related violence in the last 10 years. Now the cartels have diversified. As someone put it, they are commodity agnostic—they will do anything for money. They will ship people from Cen-tral America across the border—adults with children, or so-called family units, or unaccompanied children. They will move drugs. Now they are in-volved in the fuel theft business as well. Black market gasoline is now a $1 billion industry in Mexico. They are also involved in mining, port oper-ations, and other industries. They have multiple income streams. As I said, they are diversifying. Meanwhile, the bloodshed continues unabated. The most violent year in Mexico’s recorded history was 2017. The armed conflict between the cartels and Mexico’s military, which started 12 years ago under President Felipe Calderon, now ranks as perhaps the deadliest war in the world apart from Syria. Mexico is second only to Syria as the deadliest war zone on the planet. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12SE6.010 S12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6121 September 12, 2018 
As that war continues—and by the way, we support Mexico’s waging it— we may think that the United States has been mostly spared, but that really depends on your perspective. Fortu-nately, we have been spared the most gruesome acts of public violence by and large, although there are certainly notable exceptions. The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates that more than 72,000 Americans died from a drug overdose last year. I wonder why we don’t read about this in the newspapers or hear about it on TV. We have some-how become numb or anesthetized to the fact that tens of thousands of Americans have taken their own lives accidentally through a drug overdose. Of those 72,000 people who died as a re-sult of a drug overdose last year, 49,000 were associated with opioids, which in-clude substances such as fentanyl and heroin. The annual numbers continue to rise, with the death toll for 2017 nearly 10 percent higher than a year earlier. This problem is getting worse, not better. Experts believe the rise is attributable to opioids becoming more readily available and more potent than recent versions of the drug. So here in the United States, we are losing lives as well. That is why the vote later this week or earlier next week on this bill is so important—it is how we will attempt to make some progress in dealing with this crisis. That is also why our partnership with Mexico must consistently be strength-ened and reinforced. Our drug problem—and ultimately the associated violence and crimi-nality—is Mexico’s, and Mexico’s is ours. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
ARDNER ). The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
REMEMBERING SEPTEMBER 11  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, yes-terday was the 17th anniversary of the 9/11 attacks—an event that changed my city and our country forever. I spent the morning at the 9/11 Memorial in Lower Manhattan. Two deep scars in the Earth remind us where mighty towers once stood. I will never forget that day, nor the next: the phones—when they worked— ringing endlessly; the smell of death; the lines of hundreds of people holding homemade signs—I will never forget that—as I walked there. President Bush sent a plane, and we went to Ground Zero the day after. Hundreds of people were lined up asking: ‘‘Have you seen my father Joe?’’ ‘‘Have you seen my daughter Mary?’’ The towers had crashed, but no one knew how many people had survived. It was awful. Mr. President, 3,000 souls were lost in one day—one of the bloodiest days on American soil since the Civil War—peo-ple I knew: a guy I played basketball with in high school, a businessman who helped me on my way up, a firefighter with whom I went around the city to ask people to donate blood. Seventeen years ago today, Sep-tember 12, 2001, I called on Americans to wear the flag in remembrance of those who were lost, the brave men and women who rushed to find those who might still be alive. I have worn that flag every single day since. I will wear it every day of my life for the rest of my life in remembrance of those who were lost. This year, I want to turn everyone’s attention to a harrowing statistic. By the end of 2018, we expect that more people will have died from exposure to toxic chemicals on 9/11 than were killed on that day itself. Last year, 23 current or former members of the New York Police Department died of 9/11-related diseases—the same number who died on September 11. A new tablet was re-cently installed at the Hall of Heroes at One Police Plaza to commemorate all the new deaths of members of the FDNY. There is now an American liv-ing with a 9/11-related illness in every one of the 50 States and 429 of the 436 congressional districts. I guess they have 436 counting the District of Co-lumbia. Just as we will never forget the brav-ery so many fallen Americans showed that terrible day, let us never forget those first responders who did survive, only to contract cancer or a res-piratory illness from breathing in a toxic cocktail of dust and ash at Ground Zero. Nearly a decade ago, I was proud, along with my colleague from New York, to pass the Zadroga Act to pro-vide healthcare for our first responders and a victim compensation fund to help survivors who get sick and the families who lost a loved one to illness. Three years ago, I was proud to work across the aisle to make the healthcare com-ponent of the Zadroga Act virtually permanent. Next year, however, Congress must reauthorize the September 11th Victim Compensation Fund because the ad-ministrator of the fund now predicts that the funding will not last until 2020, as we had previously hoped. So many new claims are being filed be-cause so many of these deadly cancers are now showing up. As the death tally from 9/11 continues to grow, we have to make sure the fund is capitalized with enough money to provide an ever longer list of 9/11 victims. So I want to remind my colleagues that soon we have to come together once again to do what is right for the families of the first responders and the surviving first responders themselves who, without hesitation, risked their lives to save other lives 17 years ago yesterday. NOMINATION OF BRETT KAVANAUGH  
Now, last week, the Judiciary Com-mittee concluded its hearings on Presi-dent Trump’s nominee to the Supreme Court, Judge Brett Kavanaugh. Over the course of 2 days of questioning, Brett Kavanaugh managed to avoid de-finitively answering nearly every ques-tion of substance, making a mockery of his participation in the hearings. He refused to say that he believed Roe v. Wade was correctly decided. He refused to say that he would affirmatively up-hold the existing healthcare law, in-cluding protections for over 100 million Americans with preexisting conditions. He even refused to visit what many consider to be his extreme views on ex-ecutive power and would not even say if he believed the President was obli-gated to comply with a duly issued sub-poena. It didn’t matter if members of the Judiciary Committee phrased the ques-tions about already decided cases or hypothetical situations. When he got an already decided case, he said he couldn’t talk about those. When he got a hypothetical case, he said he couldn’t talk about those. He couldn’t talk about anything—anything. What the heck did we have him before us and the American people for if he refused to an-swer any of these questions? So after 2 full days of questioning, the American people are no closer to understanding the kind of jurist judge Kavanaugh would be if confirmed to the Court. In my view, Judge Kavanaugh’s si-lence on crucial questions about Roe, healthcare, and executive power speaks volumes about his fitness for the Su-preme Court. There were so many ques-tions he failed to answer or were pur-posely evaded, and many times, when he did answer, his answers were totally unsatisfactory and did not answer the question. Senators L
EAHY and D URBIN , for in-stance, asked numerous questions about his involvement in the Bush ad-ministration controversies, including interrogations and the nominations of controversial judges, like Pryor and Pickering. Judge Kavanaugh either avoided answering or offered mis-leading testimony. In 2004, Judge Kavanaugh told Sen-ator F
EINSTEIN that he didn’t know about a potential judicial nominee’s views on abortion in the vast majority of cases, but recently released emails show that he was told about and dis-cussed nominees’ views on ideology, in-cluding Roe. Judge Kavanaugh repeatedly denied knowledge of the Bush administra-tion’s policy on detention and interro-gation of combatants, but emails re-leased last week indicate that he had meetings on the subject, reviewed talk-ing points, and opined on legal strat-egy. Judge Kavanaugh claimed that he only learned of President Bush’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12SE6.011 S12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6122 September 12, 2018 
warrantless surveillance program when it became public, but an email suggests he knew about a memo justifying the White House’s authorization of the pro-gram. Judge Kavanaugh said, for instance, again, that he didn’t personally work on the extremely controversial Judge William Pryor, but new records tell a different story. Emails show Judge Kavanaugh was personally involved. So the extent and the number of these discrepancies is very disturbing, and these discrepancies were made about only the small portion of his record that Republicans have released. Given what we heard last week, who knows what is hidden in the 90 percent of Judge Kavanaugh’s record that Re-publicans continue to hide. I was disappointed to hear that yes-terday Chairman G
RASSLEY said that his committee would not examine Judge Kavanaugh’s misstatements. He said it was an ‘‘executive branch deci-sion’’ to look at misleading testimony, which clearly defies all logic. Clearly, the chairman of the Judiciary Com-mittee prefers to turn a blind eye to Judge Kavanaugh repeatedly mis-leading his committee. He, like his col-leagues, just wants to rush the nomina-tion through. The misleading testimony Judge Kavanaugh gave in his confirmation hearing raises larger questions about Judge Kavanaugh’s fitness for the bench. Here we have a partisan attor-ney, involved in every major partisan legal fight for two decades and who shaded the truth about those events to a congressional committee in order to cast his nomination in a more favor-able light. What does that say about his impartiality? It certainly doesn’t suggest that he is simply this nonideo-logical, nonpolitical, neutral arbiter of the law. Part of our responsibility in the Sen-ate is to ensure that all judges, espe-cially at the Supreme Court level, meet the highest standard of judicial impartiality and ethics, lest the Su-preme Court become simply an exten-sion of the partisanship we experience here in Congress and his rulings be viewed as illegitimate by half the country. So I urge my colleagues on the other side to scrutinize Judge Kavanaugh’s comments to the Judiciary Committee and decide for themselves whether he was completely forthcoming, because if a nominee provides false or misleading testimony to a committee, that should weigh very heavily on the minds of every Senator when it comes time to vote to confirm or reject the nominee. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arkansas. 
APPROPRIATIONS MINIBUS  
Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, some-time soon the Senate will be voting on the first fiscal year 2019 appropriations minibus. It has been a long time since we have brought conferenced bills to the floor, and I am pleased that the Military Construction, Veterans Af-fairs, and Related Agencies Appropria-tions bill is a part of this package. This bill is the result of a bipartisan com-mitment to return to regular order, and I thank Chairman SHELBY and Vice Chairman L
EAHY for leading the Senate in this process and providing all Mem-bers a voice in determining how tax-payer dollars are spent. We have worked hard with our House colleagues over the past two months to develop a thoughtful and responsible conference report that took into ac-count the input of Members on both sides of the aisle. The conference com-mittee made thoughtful decisions about how to provide maximum readi-ness for the warfighters and prioritize investments at the Department of Vet-erans Affairs so it can take care of our veterans. This bill provides $97.1 billion in dis-cretionary spending, which is $5.1 bil-lion over last year’s level. Within that, the VA is provided a record level of re-sources at $86.5 billion in discretionary funding. That is $5 billion over last year’s level and $1.1 billion over the President’s request. These resources will provide healthcare and other im-portant benefits earned by U.S. service-members. Included in the bill is $1.25 billion more than requested for medical serv-ices and community care to support the VA’s traditional community care programs as it transitions to a new and improved program. The bill includes $8.6 billion for mental health services, $865 million for the caregivers program, and $1.8 billion for VA homelessness programs, including $380 million for the Supportive Services for Veteran Families Program. It includes $400 mil-lion for opioid misuse prevention and treatment and $270 million for rural health initiatives. The bill provides $10.3 billion to sup-port military construction and family housing needs, a $241 million increase over last year’s level. It also funds $921 million for overseas contingency operations and the Euro-pean Deterrence Initiative, $171 million increase over last year’s level. In total, 190 military construction projects are funded to restore warfighter readiness and increase lethality of our installa-tions within the United States and around the globe. This bill also funds improvements to fuel logistics at Little Rock Air Force Base, in addition to a measure to move forward with development on the base’s runway. I am also pleased that the package increases funding to the Veterans His-tory Project, an initiative led by the Library of Congress that builds an ar-chive of oral histories and personal documents of the men and women who served our country in uniform. This is a unique collection of memories of our veterans who served from World War I to the Iraq war and other recent con-flicts. It is an important program that ensures future generations understand the sacrifices our combat veterans made to protect our freedoms. Pre-serving the experiences of our veterans is an honorable way to recognize their bravery and dedication to our country. Since its beginning, approximately two decades ago, the project has col-lected the stories of nearly 1,400 vet-erans from Arkansas, and nearly 50 of those have been conducted by my of-fice. We are training more and more Arkansans to conduct these interviews for submission to the project. These are all things that we can be excited about related to this bill. A lot of time and a lot of energy has gone into putting this legislation together. I would like to thank Senator S
CHATZ  and his staff, including Chad Schulken and Jason McMahon, and Chairman C
ARTER and Ranking Member W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ and their staffs for working hard to address the needs of our servicemembers and our vet-erans. I would also like to thank very much my own staff, including Patrick Mag-nuson, Jennifer Bastin, Joanne Hoff, and Carlos Elias for their dedication and hard work in moving this bill through the committee process, to the Senate floor, and through conference negotiations. Finally, I want to thank Chairman S
HELBY and Vice Chairman L EAHY , along with Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN  and Ranking Member L
OWEY , for the dedication and leadership they pro-vided throughout this bipartisan proc-ess. I strongly urge my colleagues in the Senate to support final passage so we can get this bill to the President’s desk. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Jersey. 
NOMINATION OF CHARLES P . RETTIG  
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I rise today to oppose President Trump’s nominee for Commissioner of the IRS, Mr. Charles Rettig. Now more than ever, the American people need govern-ment officials who are willing to stand up and speak truth to power. Unfortu-nately, Mr. Rettig failed to convince me that he is up for that part of the job. During his time before the Senate Fi-nance Committee, on which I serve, Mr. Rettig gave me no indication that he would protect New Jerseyans facing the threat of double taxation under the tax bill passed by this Congress and signed into law by President Trump late last year, nor did Mr. Rettig ex-press any respect for the rights of States to administer their own con-stitutionally upheld charitable con-tribution tax credit programs. Instead, Mr. Rettig left me all but certain that he would be a rubberstamp for this ad-ministration’s politically motivated tax policies and would allow a back-door tax increase on countless middle- class families. At a time when we need independence and impartiality at the IRS, that is absolutely unacceptable. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12SE6.013 S12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6123 September 12, 2018 
As we speak, the Treasury Depart-ment and the IRS are trying to make sense of the deficit-exploding corporate tax cuts rushed through Congress by the Republican majority last Decem-ber—tax cuts that, according to the Congressional Budget Office, will drive us toward trillion-dollar annual defi-cits by 2020 and by undermining the Af-fordable Care Act, eventually will strip 13 million Americans of their healthcare coverage. As the IRS attempts to implement these misguided policies, corporations are pulling every string to rig the Tax Code in their favor. Apparently, it wasn’t enough for them to get a mas-sive trillion-dollar tax windfall from President Trump. So now they are amassing armies of accountants and le-gions of lobbyists to get even more out of the IRS. That is why drug companies are rushing to reclassify their cash stocked overseas as assets so they can pay a fraction of what they would oth-erwise owe. That is why oil companies are drilling into the law to find new loopholes in the way we tax foreign profits. CEOs want no stone left unturned, no loophole left unopened. But there is one group that is not getting any special access or sweet-heart deals, and that is middle-class families like those in my home State of New Jersey. I have said before and I will say again that the Trump tax bill was one giant hit job on New Jersey’s middle class and that of States simi-larly situated. You would think that with $1.5 tril-lion in tax cuts, Republicans could have cut taxes for everyone. Yet, under the Trump tax plan, 40 percent of New Jersey taxpayers will either face an av-erage tax increase of $2,100 or get no tax cut at all. That is because Repub-licans gutted the State and local tax deduction, which 1.8 million home-owners across my State alone depend on to avoid being taxed twice on the same money. These people aren’t high rollers. They weren’t born into multi-million dollar trust funds. They are middle-class families who work hard for everything they have. As you can see, 83 percent of New Jerseyans who deduct their property taxes make under $200,000 a year. Na-tionwide, half of all taxpayers who claim these deductions make under $100,000. In New Jersey, the average de-duction totals about $18,000 per filer— far above the arbitrary cap imposed by Donald Trump and his corporate-spon-sored Republican Congress. It means the average New Jersey taxpayer who itemizes their returns could lose $8,000 in deductions this year alone. Even the President’s own top eco-nomic adviser agrees. Larry Kudlow made this quote before he was Director of the National Economic Council, which means the quote is really clear and unvarnished in its truthfulness. He said: 
When you end the state and local deduc-tion, because rates are still relatively high, you are going to hurt a lot of different peo-ple. So the internal logic was not good and this is not a true tax-reform bill. Only in Washington could Repub-licans borrow $2 trillion from China to cut taxes for big corporations and still need to hike taxes on New Jersey fami-lies and families like New Jersey fami-lies in other States in order to pay for it. That is exactly what Republicans did by capping the State and local tax deduction and hitting our middle class with an even higher property tax bur-den. But we New Jerseyans aren’t known for being pushovers. That is why, last December, several mayors across our State allowed homeowners to prepay their 2018 property taxes before Trump’s harmful policies took effect in January. That is why, back in May, I proudly joined Governor Phil Murphy as he signed a new law to shield home-owners from higher property tax bur-dens. Under this program, homeowners who contribute to a State-approved charity may receive a property tax credit worth up to 85 percent of those donations. In this regard, New Jersey didn’t reinvent the wheel with this new law. It was modeled after existing tax credit programs on the books for at least 32 other States. All of those here in red offer tax credits to residents who contribute to certain charities. In our case, we are not shielding fam-ilies from higher property tax bills but making sure New Jersey has the re-sources needed to keep cops on the beat, firefighters on the job, and New Jersey schools on the cutting edge. The IRS has consistently respected these programs. Back in 2011, the Chief Counsel of the IRS released an advisory memo clarifying that State tax credits do not—I repeat—do not prohibit tax-payers from writing off the full value of their charitable donations from their Federal taxes. In other words, getting a tax credit doesn’t mean you made more money, and thus you shouldn’t be taxed more as a result. That is what is happening across the land in all of these 32 States. It is not just the IRS that upheld these programs. This issue has gone be-fore the U.S. Supreme Court, and the Supreme Court ruled that these tax credits are not considered things of value but rather amount to ‘‘the gov-ernment declin[ing] to impose a tax.’’ So let’s review. The IRS never had a problem with the 32 other States who had charitable deduction tax credit programs on the books—never. The IRS never had a problem; that is, until New Jersey and States like New Jersey de-cided to create one—until New Jersey and similar States decided to create one. As soon as New Jersey and other States established this perfectly legal tax credit program, the IRS suddenly decided to reverse course. All of a sud-den, they are willing to go to court over this and challenge a well-estab-lished precedent. Apparently, the Trump administra-tion is so intent on sticking it to New Jersey and States like New Jersey that they are willing to jeopardize all of these programs in all of these States— all of them, all of them. Let me give a few examples of these programs that will be endangered if Mr. Rettig fails to stand up for the rights of States. In Alabama, there is a program that offers families a 100-per-cent tax credit for contributing to pri-vate school scholarship funds. In Mis-souri, there are several very worthy programs that offer tax credits for con-tributions—one for shelters for domes-tic abuse survivors, another for dona-tions for campuses focused on the STEM fields. There are tax credits for donating to State colleges in Indiana, water conservation in Colorado, and public road construction in Arkansas. There are similar programs in Mis-souri, Kansas, and Georgia. I could go on and on, but here is the bottom line: At least 30 State tax cred-it programs are now in jeopardy be-cause the Trump administration changed the rules in the middle of the game—changed their previous counsel’s decision, changed course from what the Supreme Court said. I have heard a lot of lip service from my colleagues about States’ rights over the years. They are all about States’ rights—until it comes to States like New Jersey and their rights. Some say that President Trump and the Republican Congress capped the property tax deduction because they have it out for so-called blue States. But at the end of the day, the States most affected by this foolish policy aren’t red States or blue States; they are America’s blue-chip States, Amer-ica’s innovation States, America’s eco-nomic powerhouse States. New Jersey didn’t become an eco-nomic powerhouse by accident. Our success wasn’t born overnight. It is the result of the priorities we set and the investments we make. Take it from Kathryn, a constituent of mine from New Jersey. She wrote to me after she saw what happened with the tax bill: 
My husband and I pay nearly $13,000 a year in property taxes to the town of Oradell. For this, we receive excellent services and have reputable public schools. I pay taxes to the state of NJ which support our infrastructure, other cities, and necessary programs. I am fine paying what I already pay. That being said, I feel very strongly that it is un-acceptable to be taxed on taxes that I al-ready pay. 
Kathryn is right. She is right. It is no coincidence that New Jersey claims more in State and local tax deductions than other States in the Nation and also has some of the best schools in the Nation. We pay for them. Yet, with the Trump tax scam, Republicans want us to pay for them twice. The Federal income tax system has historically allowed taxpayers to de-duct the taxes they pay at the local level. This is one of the longest stand-ing deductions in the Nation’s his-tory—to deduct from their Federal re-turns—and for good reasons. States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12SE6.014 S12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6124 September 12, 2018 
that invest in education, infrastruc-ture, and opportunity for all have high-er per capita incomes, enjoy more pros-perity, and rely less on Federal hand-outs. These are the types of invest-ments that make New Jersey a great place to live, work, and raise a family. You don’t have to take my word for it. Earlier this year, Save the Children named New Jersey the No. 1 place in America to raise a child. I want it to stay that way. In New Jersey, we invest in public schools because we know that they pre-pare students to compete in high-pay-ing fields like biotechnology, sustain-able agriculture, and medicine. In New Jersey, we invest in public health and law enforcement because we know we are all better off when our streets are safe and our families are healthy. In New Jersey, we invest in mass transit and infrastructure because we know it connects workers with opportunities to climb the income ladder. We do these things for a reason. New Jersey is stronger when we open the doors of opportunity for as many peo-ple as possible. We see it here: State in-vestments, better education, higher wages, a stronger middle class, top three States by SALT deduction. They also do incredibly well in educational achievement and income. There is a clear correlation. But the Republican Congress has put these job-creating, economy-growing, opportunity-expanding investments in the crosshairs by gutting the property tax deduction. In the process, they are threatening the validity of legitimate programs operating in 30 other States. The Federal Tax Code has always worked to ensure that Americans don’t pay taxes twice on their hard-earned money; that was until Donald Trump came along. Then Republicans aban-doned their so-called fiscal conserv-atism, and together they passed a tax scam that subjects hundreds of thou-sands of New Jerseyans, and many more in other States, to double tax-ation. For as long as I can remember, I have heard my Republican colleagues preach about protecting, not punishing, suc-cess. But the Republican tax law is a tax on New Jersey’s success, slamming hundreds of thousands of families with higher property tax burdens, not in a few years, not in a decade—no, right now—now. It is not fair, and it is not right. It is wrong to force New Jersey families to pay more just so that big corporations and wealthy CEOs can pay less. In the end, I can’t in good conscience support this nominee. He will not pro-tect New Jersey’s middle class—and those in other States like it—from higher property tax bills. He will not respect perfectly legal State-based pro-grams like those 32 other States that offer tax credits in return for contribu-tions to nonprofits that do critical work in their communities. He will be nothing more than a Republican rubberstamp for President Trump’s po-litically motivated tax policies. The last thing we need is an IRS that is po-litically weaponized. Whether you want to take a stand against double taxation or you don’t agree with the Trump administration’s politically motivated assault on the rights of States to set their own tax policies, I hope Republicans and Demo-crats alike will join me in voting down this nomination. Taxpayers in New Jersey and across the Nation deserve better than tax policies that knock the knees out from underneath them and an IRS Commissioner who kicks them while they are down. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Mississippi. Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I intend to address the Senate on the topic of Bosnia and Herzegovina, but I want to observe that the distinguished leader may be coming in just a moment for a unanimous consent request. If he does, I will be happy to yield during the mid-dle of my remarks so he can take care of that item of business. 
BOSNIA AND HERZEGOVINA  
Mr. President, it is important for this Senate and this country to once again be interested in Bosnia and Herzegovina. During my time in Con-gress, and particularly since joining the U.S. Helsinki Commission, which I now chair, the Western Balkans have been an ongoing concern of mine. Al-though our relationship with all of these countries of the Western Balkans is important, the United States has a specific interest, a particular interest, in Bosnia and Herzegovina. We need to concentrate more on that. I had the opportunity in July to lead a nine-member bicameral delegation to Bosnia. The delegation sought to see more of the country and to hear from its citizens, rather than meet only in the offices of senior Bosnian officials. We visited the small town of Trebinje in the entity of Republika Srpska, and we visited the city of Mostar in the en-tity of the Federation. Then, we went on and visited in Sarajevo, the capital, engaging with international officials, the Bosnian Presidency, and citizens seeking a better Bosnia. Bosnia was a U.S. foreign policy pri-ority when I came to the House in 1995. In less than a decade, Bosnia had gone from international acclaim while hosting the Winter Olympics to the scene of the worst carnage in human suffering in Europe since World War II. The conflict that erupted in Bosnia in 1992 was not internally generated. Rather, Bosnia became the victim of the breakup of Yugoslavia and the ex-treme nationalist forces this breakup unleashed throughout the region, first and foremost by Serbian leader and war criminal Slobodan Milosevic. At this point, I will be happy to yield to the distinguished majority leader for whatever purposes he would choose. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I thank my friend from Mississippi. I will be brief. 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE  
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that notwithstanding rule XXII, the cloture motion on the conference report to accompany H.R. 5895 be with-drawn; that if cloture is invoked on the Rettig nomination, all postcloture time be yielded back and the Senate vote on the nomination; further, that if the nomination is confirmed, the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid on the table and the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action; that the Senate then resume legislative session and resume consid-eration of the conference report; that there be 10 minutes of debate equally divided in the usual form; that fol-lowing the use or yielding back of time, the Senate vote on adoption of the conference report; and finally, that S. Con. Res. 46, correcting the title of H.R. 5985, be considered and agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be con-sidered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. For the informa-tion of our colleagues, these will be the only rollcall votes during this week’s session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Mississippi. 
BOSNIA AND HERZEGOVINA  
Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, back to the subject of Bosnia, the carnage and tragic conflict that occurred in the early 1990s was more than about Bos-nia. It was about security in a Europe just emerging from its Cold War divi-sions and the international principles upon which that security was based. For that reason, the United States, under President Bill Clinton, rightly exercised leadership when Europe asked us to, having failed to do so themselves. The Clinton administra-tion brokered the Dayton peace agree-ment in November 1995 and enabled NATO to engage in peacemaking and peacekeeping to preserve Bosnia’s unity and territorial integrity. That was the Bosnian peace agreement. Almost a quarter of a century later, after the expenditure of significant dip-lomatic, military, and foreign assist-ance resources, the physical scars of the conflict have been largely erased. As we learned during our recent visit, the country remains far short of the prosperous democracy we hoped it would become and that its people de-serve. Mostar, a spectacular city to visit, remains ethnically divided with Bosniak and Croat students separated by ethnicity in schools, even inside the same school buildings. Bosnian citi-zens, who are of minority groups, such as Jews, Romanis, or of mixed herit-age, still cannot run for certain polit-ical offices. This is 2018. They can’t run for State- level Presidency, simply because of their ethnicity. Neither can Bosniaks and Croats in Republika Srpska or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12SE6.016 S12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6125 September 12, 2018 
Serbs in the Bosnian Federation run for the Presidency because of their eth-nicity, in Europe in 2018. Nor can those numerous citizens who, on principle, refuse to declare their ethnicity be-cause it should not replace their real qualifications for holding office. This goes on despite repeated rulings by the European Court of Human Rights that this flaw in the Dayton-ne-gotiated Constitution must be cor-rected. In total, well over 300,000 people in a country of only 3.5 million fall into these categories despite what is likely their strong commitment to the country and to its future as a multi-ethnic state. This is simply wrong, and it needs to end. In addition, youth employment in Bosnia is among the highest in the world, and many who can leave the country are doing so, finding a future in Europe and finding a future in the United States. This denies Bosnia much of its needed talent and energy. Civil society is kept on the sidelines. Decisions in Bosnia are being made by political party leaders who are not ac-countable to the people. They are the decision makers. The people should be decision makers. Corruption is ramp-ant. Ask anyone in Europe, and they will tell you, Bosnia’s wealth and po-tential is being stolen by corruption. General elections will be held in Oc-tober with a system favoring the status quo and resistance to electoral reforms that would give Bosnians more rather than fewer choices. The compromises made two and a half decades ago in Dayton to restore peace and give the leading ethnic groups—Bosniaks, Serbs, and Croats— an immediate sense of security make governance dysfunctional today. Two- and-a-half-decades-old agreements make governance inefficient today in Bosnia. Collective privileges for these groups come at the expense of the indi-vidual human rights of the citizens who are all but coerced into making ethnic identity their paramount con-cern and a source of division, when so many other common interests should unite them. Ethnically based political parties benefit as they engage in exten-sive patronage and corruption. Beneath the surface, ethnic reconciliation has not taken hold, and resulting tensions can still destabilize the country and even lead to violence. Malign outside forces, particularly Vladimir Putin’s Russia but also influences from Turkey and Gulf States, seek to take advan-tage of the political impasse and mal-aise, steering the country away from its European and Euro-Atlantic aspira-tions. As a result of these developments, Bosnia and Herzegovina is not making much progress, even as its neighbors join NATO and join the EU or make progress toward their desired integra-tion. In my view, we should rightly credit the Dayton agreement for restoring peace to Bosnia. That was 25 years ago, but it is regrettable the negotiators did not put an expiration date on ethnic accommodations so Bosnia could be-come a modern democracy. As one of our interlocutors told us, the inter-national community, which has sub-stantial powers in Bosnia, has steadily withdrawn, turning over decision mak-ing to Bosnian officials who were not yet committed to making the country work and naively hoping the promise of future European integration would en-courage responsible behavior. That has not happened. Of course, we can’t turn back the clock and can’t insert that expiration date on the Dayton agreement, but having made a difference in 1995, we can and should help make a difference again today. It is in our national secu-rity interest that we do so. I suggest the following. The United States and our European friends should state, unequivocally, that Dayton is an absolute baseline, which means only forward progress should be allowed. Separation or new entities should be declared to be clearly out of the ques-tion. Secondly, U.S. policymakers should also remind everyone that the inter-national community, including NATO, did not relinquish its powers to Bosnia but simply has chosen to withdraw and exercise them less robustly. We should seek an agreement to resurrect the will to use these powers and to do so with resolve if growing tensions make re-newed violence a credible possibility. Next, the United States and Europe should adopt a policy of imposing sanc-tions on individual Bosnian officials who are clearly engaged in corruption or who ignore the Dayton parameters, Bosnian law, and court rulings in their work. Washington has already done this regarding Republika Srpska Presi-dent Milorad Dodik, and just recently, Nikola Spiric, a member of Bosnia’s House of Representatives. However, the scope should be expanded, and Euro-pean capitals need to join us in this re-gard. Senior U.S. officials, as well as Mem-bers of Congress, should make Sarajevo a priority. I hope more of our Members will visit Bosnia and increase our visi-bility, demonstrate our continued com-mitment, and enhance our under-standing. Bosnia may not be ready to join NATO, but its Membership Action Plan should be activated without further delay. As soon as this year’s elections are over in Bosnia, the international community should encourage the quick formation of new parliaments and gov-ernments at all levels, followed imme-diately by vigorous reform efforts that eliminate the discrimination in the cri-teria for certain offices, ensure that law enforcement more effectively serves and protects all residents, and end the corruption in healthcare and so many other violent areas of daily life. Our policy must shift back to an im-petus on universal principles of indi-vidual human rights and citizen-based government. Indeed, the privileges Dayton accorded to the three main eth-nic groups are not rights but privileges that should not be upheld at the ex-pense of genuine democracy and indi-vidual rights. We, in my view, have been far too fa-talistic about accepting in Bosnia what we are not willing to accept anywhere else. We also underestimate what Bosnians might find acceptable, and we should be encouraging them to support leaders based on credentials, positions, and personal integrity, not based on ethnicity. There should no longer be a reason why a Bosniak, Serb, or Croat voter should be prohibited by law from considering a candidate of another eth-nicity or a multiethnic political party. All candidates and parties would do well to seek votes from those not be-longing to a single ethnic group. This may take time and perhaps some ef-fort, but it should happen sooner rath-er than later. Let me conclude by asserting that greater engagement is in the interest of the United States—the economic in-terest and the national security inter-est. Our country is credited with Bos-nia’s preservation after the country was almost destroyed by aggression, ethnic cleansing, and genocide. Thank God our country was there for Bosnia. Our adversaries—notably, but not ex-clusively, Russia—would like nothing more than to make an American effort fail in the end, and they would ensure that its repercussions are felt else-where around the globe. Current trends in Bosnia make the country an easier entry point for extre-mism in Europe, including Islamic ex-tremism. If we wait for discrimination and ethnic tensions to explode again, our engagement will then become a moral imperative at significantly greater cost. The people of Bosnia, like their neighbors throughout the Balkans, know they are in Europe but consider the United States their most trusted friend, their most honest friend. They want our presence and engagement, and given the tragedies they have expe-rienced, they have earned our support and friendship. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, today I want to talk about some of the posi-tive steps the U.S. Senate is about to take in pushing back against—— Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, if the Senator will yield for 1 minute, I would like to make a unanimous con-sent request that at the conclusion of Senator P
ORTMAN ’s remarks, I be rec-ognized, and that at the conclusion of my remarks, Senator S
MITH be recog-nized. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there an objection? Mr. PORTMAN. There is no objec-tion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Thank you. Thank you, Senator P
ORTMAN . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12SE6.019 S12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6126 September 12, 2018 
OPIOID EPIDEMIC Mr. PORTMAN. I thank my col-league, and I am going to talk about him in a second and the work we have done with regard to pushing back against the opioid epidemic that has hit our States. In this body, every sin-gle Member is affected by it, and our country is affected by it in very signifi-cant ways. Because of the dangerous hurricanes that are approaching our coast, it looks as though the vote we had ex-pected tomorrow and the debate we had expected tomorrow on the opioid pack-age may be postponed based on what I just heard from the majority leader. But in the next several days, the Sen-ate is expected to take up comprehen-sive legislation that comes from four or five different committees in Con-gress to fight the addiction crisis, to help our communities combat some of the deadliest aspects of this crisis na-tionally. This help is urgently needed. Let’s start with talking about how Congress got here. First, just a couple of years ago, we passed two bills in Congress that were historic and are making a difference. One is called the Comprehensive Addic-tion and Recovery Act, or CARA; the other is called the 21st Century Cures Act. CARA, which I coauthored with my colleague S
HELDON WHITEHOUSE , who is on the Senate floor with us—he spoke just a moment ago—provides resources directly to evidence-based prevention, treatment, and recovery programs. These are nonprofit programs. For the most part, they are able to apply to the Federal Government directly for grant money. They are doing things that are innovative and new to try to get at this problem, and in many respects, they are working and making a difference. This year alone, there will be about $608 million spent on these programs that offer innovative solutions to this stubborn problem that is affecting ev-eryone in this Chamber. The Cures legislation, 21st Century Cures legislation, this year will be $500 million annually. That goes directly to the States, and the States then give grants to various programs in those States. In my home State of Ohio, for in-stance, $26 million has come each of the last 2 years. Sadly, Ohio is one of the hardest hit States in the country, so we have a larger grant allocation than some States that have not had as many overdoses and deaths and rates of addiction that are as high as we have had. I was a very strong supporter of the 21st Century Cures funding, and I ap-plaud Senators A
LEXANDER and M UR-
RAY, as well as Senator B LUNT and other Appropriations Committee mem-bers on both sides of the aisle for their work on that. Of course, with regard to the CARA legislation, it is actually working out there. I have now had the opportunity to see how it is working. I have been to about a dozen CARA grant recipients in Ohio over the last year alone. I have seen new and powerful ways that the communities back in Ohio are helping to turn the tide of addiction. Last month, as an example, I visited the Whitehall fire station outside of Columbus, OH. They are doing some-thing innovative for a fire station. They have opened their doors and partnered with another organization. They get CARA funding, and the other organization gets Cures funding to pro-vide immediate help for those who are coming in and are seeking it or have overdosed; Narcan has been applied and has reversed the effects of these overdoses. Yet that gap that so often occurs in our communities doesn’t occur there because it is seamless. Peo-ple can go right into treatment. The program, again, was made pos-sible by this CARA grant. It opens the doors of the fire station, and it is work-ing. I was there at a time when, just coin-cidentally, an addict came in. His name was Blake. Blake was, as he described himself, a heroin addict, and he had heroin on his person. I had the oppor-tunity to speak with Blake and offer him some words of encouragement. I had an opportunity to ask him why he was there and what had happened in the past. He said that he had been to three treatment programs. They hadn’t worked. He had gone straight from a short-term treatment program right back to the streets. The gap had oc-curred. He also said that he was ready, and he appreciated the opportunity to go straight into a treatment program, which he had not had before. I had a chance to speak with him, and I told him to stay in touch with me, to let me know what is going on. Last week, he called, and Blake said that he is now in a 3-month treatment program in Portsmouth, OH. He is opti-mistic; he is confident. He believes that because of this approach, he has an opportunity now to get clean, to get back with his family and get back to work. This is what is often needed: a seam-less transition from immediate medical attention—the application of Narcan to reverse the effects—to treatment, to longer term recovery in order for peo-ple to overcome their addiction. That is what CARA and Cures prioritize, and that is why these programs are so im-portant. Once again, we will see in the funding this year that those programs have been held up. The good parts of the pro-grams, in particular, are being used as an example for the entire country. Despite the legislative progress we have made, and despite what I see back home with communities beginning to make a difference, overall, the situa-tion is not getting better; it is getting worse. You might ask: Why is that? Well, I believe it is for one simple reason, and that is the advent of new drugs, particularly less expensive and more powerful synthetic opioids that have come into our communities in the last few years. The new data from the Centers for Disease Control and Pre-vention, CDC, show that overdose deaths increased 9 percent from 2016 to 2017, the last year for which we have data. My home State of Ohio had a 91⁄2 percent increase in overdose deaths. In total, CDC estimates that 72,000 Americans—72,000 Americans—died last year from overdoses, the No. 1 cause of death for Americans under the age of 50. Over 48,000 of those overdose deaths were caused by opioids, and about 30,000 of those were caused by synthetic forms, particularly fentanyl. That is more than 60 percent, so this is the big issue right now. Two-thirds of the overdose deaths in my home State of Ohio are being caused by synthetic opioids, fentanyl. Columbus, OH, unfortunately had a number of deaths over a short period of time, all due to fentanyl. There were about 20,000 fentanyl overdose deaths in 2016, meaning there has been a 50- percent increase in just 1 year. When you go from 2013 to 2017, there has been an 850-percent increase just during 5 years—an 850-percent increase in fentanyl overdose deaths in our country. The opioid crisis has continued to tighten its grip around communities across our country, and the emergence of fentanyl has presented a new chal-lenge in turning the tide of this epi-demic. Just as we were making progress, this more deadly, less expen-sive scourge has come into our fami-lies, our communities, our States. That is why we need to take action—and take action this week. I would like to thank the majority leader, Senator M
CCONNELL , and the Democratic leader, Senator S
CHUMER , for agreeing to bring this legislation to the floor. I would also like to thank Chairman L
AMAR ALEXANDER for his good work in bringing together all of the different proposals from these four or five com-mittees I talked about and negotiating with all sides to come up with con-sensus legislation. This should be non-partisan, not just bipartisan. This is something that is attacking our com-munities at their core. I would like to thank and commend the several committees that have held public hearings and contributed legis-lative ideas to this mix. That includes the Judiciary Committee, the HELP Committee, the Finance Committee, and others. This bipartisan consensus package puts politics aside and does what is right for our communities. It includes some additional legislative priorities I have been working on over the past couple of years that I believe are going to make a real difference in this fight. Earlier this year, again with Senator W
HITEHOUSE and others, we introduced CARA 2.0, the next version of the Com-prehensive Addiction and Recovery Act. A number of those provisions are included in this package. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12SE6.021 S12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6127 September 12, 2018 
One is a national quality standard and best practices for recovery hous-ing. It is critical for people, as they transition out of treatment and into longer term recovery, to have this housing. But it also needs to meet these higher standards because of many examples where it has not and has failed those individuals and fami-lies. The legislation also authorizes sup-port for high school and college stu-dents to help children and young adults recover from substance abuse dis-orders. We have had amazing models in Ohio for this, like the Collegiate Re-covery Community at Ohio State. Co-lumbus is now opening its first recov-ery high school next year. Finally, CARA 2.0 contributed the opioid legislation that includes $60 mil-lion for a plan of safe care for babies born dependent on drugs. Their moth-ers are addicted, and they are born with neonatal abstinence syndrome. It is a very sad situation, but it is a re-ality in my State and in so many oth-ers. To further help these newborn babies, the legislation includes what is called the CRIB Act, which is bipartisan leg-islation I coauthored that helps newborns suffering from addiction get the best care possible in the best set-ting possible to get the love and sup-port they need to be able to recover. It will also help ensure that babies born with neonatal abstinence syn-drome get the help they need in their early stages of development, so they can live up to their God-given purpose in life, which is not to live with this. The legislation before us also reau-thorizes a number of important pro-grams that have a proven record of suc-cess, like drug courts, like the drug- free communities prevention grants, like the high-intensity drug trafficking areas, where law enforcement can bet-ter coordinate at every level. These are all positive strides that will help im-prove what is working in combating this epidemic and provide more re-sources to help some of the most vul-nerable groups affected. But, colleagues, I think the most im-portant and immediate difference in turning the tide on this opioid epi-demic will come from a bill that is called the STOP Act. It is a bipartisan bill that I coauthored with A
MYKLO-
BUCHAR from Minnesota. It will combat the scourge of fentanyl we talked about earlier. This issue of an 850-per-cent increase in this one kind of drug coming in, causing more and more overdoses—synthetic opioids—has to be addressed; 81 Americans are dying every single day. That is the best data we have from last year. This year, un-fortunately, it is likely to be even higher. It is a new poison flooding our communities. The STOP Act will close a loophole that drug traffickers have been using to ship fentanyl into our country. Un-believably, fentanyl is actually manu-factured primarily in China, and it pri-marily comes into our communities through the U.S. mail system. You might think this comes overland from Mexico or somewhere else, but this is coming in through our mail system, primarily from China. We conducted an 18-month investiga-tion into this in the Permanent Sub-committee on Investigations, which I chair, and we revealed just how easy it is to purchase fentanyl online and have it shipped to the United States. Based on our undercover investiga-tion, these drugs can be found through a simple Google search, and overseas sellers we accessed essentially guaran-teed delivery if the fentanyl was sent through the U.S. mail system. To be clear, they guaranteed delivery if it is sent through the U.S. mail sys-tem, not if it is sent through other car-riers, like private carriers—FedEx, UPS, DHL, and others. It is easy to see why they prefer the Postal Service for shipping these dead-ly synthetic drugs. The Postal Service has a weaker screening standard than do the private carriers. After 9/11, Congress passed a law re-quiring carriers like UPS, FedEx, and DHL to get what is actually called electronic advance data on inter-national packages entering the United States. This electronic advance data allows law enforcement to have a chance to stop this poison because they can find out where the package is from, what is in it, and where it is going. They can then use good data, use algo-rithms that they have come up with to determine which packages are suspect and pull them off the line. I have seen this. I have seen U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection do it at distribution centers for these private carriers. I have also seen, unfortu-nately, that the Postal Service is not doing what they should be doing. Without the information identifying packages, it is next to impossible; it is like identifying a needle in a haystack. Fentanyl is 50 times more potent than heroin, and it is relatively inex-pensive. It is so deadly that as little as 2 milligrams, equal to a few specks of salt, is enough to be fatal. Drug users and dealers have moved to fentanyl as a more accessible, less expensive alter-native. I am told that 1 gram of the deadly mixture of heroin and fentanyl can cost about half as much on the street as 1 gram of heroin alone. Drug users seeking a less expensive and stronger high are seeking it out, and drug dealers are mixing it into a number of other street drugs. No street drug is safe because the fentanyl is being mixed. It is being laced into all kinds of other drugs, often unknow-ingly to the person buying the drug. To give you an idea of how deadly this drug is, recently police in Colum-bus seized 2.2 pounds of fentanyl, which is equal to about 3
1⁄2cups—a small enough amount to fit in a plastic bag in your kitchen. That 2.2 pounds of fentanyl is enough to kill 500,000 peo-ple, roughly the population of the city of Cleveland. Because of its extreme potency, dead-ly doses can be shipped in small pack-ages that are almost impossible to identify without having the necessary information and screening devices in the Postal Service. The U.S. Postal Service system isn’t required to do it yet. As a result, they have chosen not to do so. Only recently, under congres-sional pressure, have they begun get-ting this data on some packages enter-ing the United States. Even so, last year, based on their tes-timony, they say they have received data on 36 percent of the international packages. That is a step in the right di-rection. By the way, that still means that over 318 million packages are coming here with no screening at all. Even when they have identified drugs—packages that are likely con-taining drugs—only 80 percent are given to law enforcement. So 20 per-cent is still going into our commu-nities. This needs to be changed. It is a glaring loophole. Everyone knows it. It undermines the safety and security of our country in fundamental ways. The STOP Act will significantly dis-rupt the flow of fentanyl into the United States by simply holding the U.S. Postal Service, a Federal agency, to the same standards as private car-riers. It will require the Postal Service to collect advance electronic data im-mediately on 70 percent of packages entering the United States by the end of the year and 100 percent for China. Then, it will require 100 percent of international packages in the United States by the end of 2020. It is a commonsense solution to ad-dress the most urgent and deadliest as-pects of the opioid epidemic we face. At the very least, it will increase the risk of sending these drugs into our country and raise the street price of fentanyl. That is why it has such broad bipar-tisan support. There is a growing mo-mentum behind this legislation, and I look forward to the Senate’s passing it in the next several days as part of the broader legislation we talked about earlier. It will not solve the crisis, but it will act as a tourniquet to stop the flow of fentanyl in this country and it will allow comprehensive programs, such as CARA and the Cures legislation, to be prioritized and to function and to allow Americans to live up to their full po-tential and to allow our communities to heal. I look forward to President Trump’s signing this legislation into law—both the broader opioid legislation and the STOP Act—so it can begin making a difference in communities in my home State of Ohio and all around the coun-try. I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. LEE). The Senator from Rhode Island. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I am delighted to be joined today by my colleague Senator T
INASMITH of Min-nesota. Both my home State of Rhode 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12SE6.022 S12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6128 September 12, 2018 
Island and her State of Minnesota are heavily involved in the booming renew-able energy sector. President Trump has called climate change a hoax, but no matter how much his administration may try to prop up the old, dirty, dangerous, pol-luting fossil fuel industry, there is no denying the clean energy revolution. The rapid growth of renewables has been underway for decades, but it has really accelerated in the last several years. It took global wind and solar de-velopers 40 years to install the first 1 trillion watts of power generation. A recent estimate from Bloomberg found that the next trillion will be installed within 5 years. That is 40 years for the first trillion and 5 years for the second. Part of the reason is that lower costs of renewables mean that building out the second trillion will cost half as much as the first trillion. This chart shows the year-to-year costs of generating energy from wind, from Lazard. Since 2009, the costs for onshore wind have dropped by two- thirds. Onshore wind costs are down two-thirds in basically a decade. Here is the same chart for solar power. Utility-scale solar costs have dropped 86 percent over the same time period. ‘‘In some scenarios,’’ writes Lazard, ‘‘the full lifecycle costs of building and operating renewables- based projects have dropped below the operating costs alone of conventional generation technologies such as coal or nuclear.’’ When you look at the drop in solar costs compared to other resources, you see how dramatic the change has been. This graphic is from the World Eco-nomic Forum. The renewable industry in America has grown to 3.3 million jobs—more than all fossil fuel jobs combined. AT&T has been a leader in this, adopt-ing the World Wildlife Fund’s Cor-porate Renewable Energy Buyers’ Prin-ciples and signing up under that for 220 megawatts from an Oklahoma wind farm and 300 megawatts from a Texas wind farm, one of the largest corporate renewable purchases in history. So, congratulations, Texas and Oklahoma, for the new home State renewable en-ergy jobs, and AT&T, for your leader-ship. In Rhode Island, the Governor’s 2018 Rhode Island Clean Energy Industry Report has shown that clean energy jobs have risen by 2 percent since 2014, bringing over 6,600 new clean energy jobs and bringing us to nearly 16,000 Rhode Islanders working in clean en-ergy, and it is projected to continue to grow. We lead also on energy effi-ciency, ranking third on the American Council for an Energy-Efficient Econo-my’s 2017 scorecard. In Senator S
MITH’s State of Min-nesota, the public utilities commission has required since 1993 that there be a social cost of carbon standard for new infrastructure at $43 per ton of carbon emitted. Minnesota leads in being a State whose public utility commission is factoring the cost of carbon into its decision making rather than making the general public pay for what the carbon-producing utilities should be paying for. Other States are powering forward. I saw Mr. BENNET on the floor. His State of Colorado Public Utilities Commis-sion just unanimously approved an Xcel Energy program to build out a cleaner energy mix and retire older fos-sil fuel units. Specifically, they are going to retire 660 megawatts of oper-ating coal, close it down, and replace it with $2.5 billion in new renewables and battery storage. The initial request for bids brought in a flood of new renew-able energy proposals below the cost of existing coal and natural gas facilities. Now, here, because of the politics, po-litical funding, Citizens United, and all the trash that is unleashed in our poli-tics, there is a sharp political divide on climate change and renewable energy brought to you by our fossil fuel friends. But out in the real world, some of the most Republican States are ac-tually at the forefront. The Depart-ment of Energy last week released a re-port showing that Texas is leading the Nation in generation, with over 22 gigawatts of wind capacity. Right be-hind them are Oklahoma and Kansas, with more than 5 gigawatts of installed wind capacity. Just over 6 percent of the nation’s electricity in 2017 was wind nationally, but if you go to Iowa, Kansas, Oklahoma, and South Dakota, they all have more than 30 percent of their power coming from clean wind power. Oklahoma is at 32 percent. Kansas is at 36 percent. Iowa is at 37 percent. South Dakota is at 30 percent, and North Dakota is at 27 percent. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to have the Department of Energy reports printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
TEXAS , OKLAHOMA , ANDIOWALEAD THE  N
ATION  W
ASHINGTON , DC—Today, the U.S. Depart-ment of Energy (DOE) released three wind energy market reports demonstrating that as wind installations continue across the country and offshore wind projects move be-yond the planning process, technology costs and wind energy prices continue to fall. The reports cover three market sectors: land- based utility scale, distributed, and offshore wind. Highlights from this past year include larger, more powerful wind turbines and lower technology costs and wind power prices for on land and offshore applications, as well as U.S. distributed wind capacity crossing the 1 gigawatt (GW) threshold. The 2017 Wind Technologies Market Re-port, prepared by DOE’s Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, found the following: The U.S. wind industry installed 7,017 megawatts (MW) of capacity last year, bring-ing total utility-scale wind capacity to near-ly 89 GW. In total, 41 states operated utility-scale wind projects. Texas leads the nation with over 22 GW of wind capacity, while Okla-homa, Iowa, California, and Kansas have more than 5,000 MW. Another 13 states have more than 1,000 MW. In 2017, wind energy contributed 6.3 percent of the nation’s electricity supply, more than 10 percent of total generation in 14 states, and more than 30 percent in four of those states—Iowa, Kansas, Oklahoma, and South Dakota. Bigger turbines with longer blades are en-hancing wind plant performance. Wind projects built in the past few years have seen capacity factors increase by 79 percent com-pared to projects installed from 1998 to 2001. The average installed cost of wind projects in 2017 was $1,611 per kilowatt (kW), down 33 percent from the peak in 2009–2010. The U.S. wind industry supported more than 105,000 jobs and saw $11 billion invested in new wind plants in 2017. The 2017 Distributed Wind Market Report, prepared by DOE’s Pacific Northwest Na-tional Laboratory, highlights the following: In total, U.S. wind turbines in distributed applications reached a cumulative installed capacity of 1,076 MW. This capacity comes from roughly 81,000 turbines installed across all 50 states, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Is-lands, and Guam. In 2017, Iowa, Ohio, and California led the nation in new distributed wind capacity in-stalled as a result of large-scale turbines in-stalled by commercial and industrial facili-ties and electricity distribution utilities. Thirty-five percent of distributed wind projects installed in 2017 were at homes, and 25 percent were agricultural installations. U.S. manufacturers of small wind turbines and their supply chain vendors are located in 27 states. Between 2015 and 2017, U.S.-based small wind turbine manufacturers accounted for more than $226 million in export sales. The 2017 Offshore Wind Technologies Mar-ket Update, prepared by DOE’s National Re-newable Energy Laboratory, found the fol-lowing: The U.S. offshore wind industry recently took a leap forward as commercial-scale projects were competitively selected in Mas-sachusetts (800 MW), Rhode Island (400 MW), and Connecticut (200 MW). New York, New Jersey, and Maryland also have offshore wind projects in the develop-ment pipeline. The U.S. offshore wind project pipeline has reached a total of 25,464 MW of capacity across 13 states, including the 30 MW Block Island Wind Farm commissioned in 2016. In Europe—where most offshore wind de-velopment has occurred to date—recent off-shore wind project auctions have continued the trend of developers committing to lower electricity prices for projects that will be op-erating in the 2020s. New offshore wind turbines are being de-veloped with 10–12 megawatts of capacity (compared to an average capacity of 2.3 MW for land-based turbines and 5.3 MW for off-shore wind turbines installed in 2017). As a result, demand is increasing for specialized ships that will be able to install these very large turbines in U.S. waters. About 60 percent of the U.S. offshore wind resource lies in deep waters. Developing a project in deep waters requires wind turbines on floating foundations. In the U.S., floating offshore wind projects have been proposed off the coasts of Maine, California, and Hawaii. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, amazingly, this report comes from the same Energy Department currently pushing coal bailout proposals, but that is what you get from helpless, weak leadership from this administra-tion that will not face up either to the scientific reality of climate change or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12SE6.023 S12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6129 September 12, 2018 
the economic reality of energy mar-kets. FERC, the Federal Energy Regu-latory Commission, has just finalized a rule for energy storage that could spur as much as 50 gigawatts of additional energy storage across the United States, and that could be a conserv-ative estimate if renewables prices keep along those trajectories we showed before. That FERC rule on en-ergy storage, by the way, is unanimous and bipartisan. The ISO system opera-tors, like ISO-New England, are doing their best to remove obstacles that had kept renewables from competing fairly in capacity auctions and dispatch deci-sions. This is saving consumers money. It was reported by Utility Dive that during the July heat wave in New Eng-land, distributed solar, which can re-duce demand during peaks, saved cus-tomers some $20 million. This is reliable stuff out in Iowa, where Midwestern is the ISO. They fig-ured out the algorithms to treat wind as reliable baseload power, and the FERC storage rule will further enable this transition. As you can imagine, the fossil fuel industry is not letting this go without a fight. They are up to their usual po-litical mischief to try to protect their $700 billion annual subsidy that they get from polluting for free. Their shady tactics are just as would be expected. Start with the fossil fuel industry. They put in front of them the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the Na-tional Association of Manufacturers to screen what is really the dirty fossil fuel industry. Those two groups put in front of them some fake consumer group called the Consumer Energy Alli-ance, and that fake Consumer Energy Alliance put in front of it something called Kentuckians for Solar Fairness, all in an effort to fight rooftop solar for individuals in Kentucky. That is the kind of nonsense the fossil fuel in-dustry gets up to to try to defend itself. But despite that, you can’t stop progress. You can’t deny costs. You can’t win against energy that is cheap-er, reliable, and carbon-free. It is time for us to wake up, throw our weight into clean energy, and move forward into the future, rather than let the fos-sil fuel industry condemn us to a dirty past. With that I yield to my colleague, Senator S
MITH. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Minnesota. Ms. SMITH. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to be allowed to continue with my remarks. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection. Ms. SMITH. Mr. President, I rise today to join my colleague Senator W
HITEHOUSE as he takes to the Senate floor to speak on climate change for the 219th time. Mr. W
HITEHOUSE is the Senate leader on climate change, and his foresight, actions, and determination on this issue are remarkable. I am very proud to join him today. Climate change is a dire threat to our environment and to our children’s future, and yet, if we rise to the chal-lenge of responding to climate change, it will offer us major economic oppor-tunity. The clean energy transition is already creating jobs, reducing the cost of generating electricity, clearing the air, and improving our health. The old idea that responding to cli-mate change comes at the expense of the American economy is outdated and inaccurate. The clean energy economy is the economy of the 21st century. We see this every day in Minnesota, which is a national leader in the clean energy transition. The climate is rapidly changing, and these changes are caused by human ac-tivities that release greenhouse gases. I know this because it is what science shows us. In Minnesota, we take special pride in the severity of our winters, but Min-nesota winter temperatures have in-creased by 6 degrees since 1970. More than our pride is at stake. Agriculture and forest pests that were once held in check by severe winter cold are now thriving. Summer temperatures are on a pace to make Minnesota as warm as Kansas by the end of the century. Some models suggest that changing climate and spreading pests could eliminate Minnesota’s iconic evergreen forests by 2100. Urgent action is needed to limit fur-ther climate change. If we don’t reduce greenhouse gas emissions to near zero by 2060, the world will cross a dan-gerous warming threshold—a threshold that the United States and other na-tions have pledged to avoid. I am deeply worried about these threats, and so are our children, but I am also hopeful because I have seen how tapping into the abundant wind and sunshine is building a new energy economy that is clean, green, and full of opportunity. Here is just one example. Shortly after becoming a Senator, I visited the Vetter family farm near Mankato, MN, and saw firsthand how renewable en-ergy can provide new sources of income for farmers. The Vetters raise hogs, but they also farm the sun through a 14- acre community solar garden. The Vetters inspired me to become a cham-pion for the energy title in the Senate farm bill, which provides Federal sup-port for rural renewable energy projects. Just 3 years ago, Minnesota wasn’t much of a player in solar energy, de-spite the fact that we had nearly the same solar potential as Houston, TX. However, new State policy has led to strong growth and solar energy devel-opment. The State began a community solar garden program in 2013, and Min-nesota now has enough solar energy to power nearly 120,000 homes. During the first quarter of 2018, Minnesota was fifth in the Nation for solar installa-tions. Now Minnesota is a model, but the Southeastern United States and almost all of the western half of the country has as much or more sunshine than Minnesota and lots of opportunity. Minnesota is new to solar, but we have long been a national leader in wind energy. Today, nearly 20 percent of our electricity comes from wind tur-bines. Like solar, the fuel costs for an installed turbine are zero. So wind en-ergy is sheltered from the ups and downs of fossil fuel prices. Wind energy is also a rural economic engine. A sin-gle industrial-sized turbine can bring a family farm $4,000 to $8,000 in lease rev-enue each year. My State is home to the two largest wind and solar installation companies in the country—Mortenson Energy in the Twin Cities and Blattner Energy in rural Avon. Together, they have in-stalled renewable energy capacity across the country equivalent to 100 coal plants. Clean energy brings good jobs. For example, wind energy technician is one of the fastest growing jobs in the coun-try, with an average salary of $54,000, and it doesn’t require a 4-year college degree. Jobs in Minnesota’s clean energy sec-tor are growing twice as fast as jobs in other parts of our State’s economy. Employers report they are having trou-ble finding the skilled workers they need to fill these jobs. To address this problem, I have introduced legislation to help employers partner with high schools and community colleges so stu-dents can gain the skills they need to get these jobs. Last year, renewable energy contrib-uted 25 percent of the electricity gen-erated in Minnesota. Nuclear power, which also does not release greenhouse gases, contributed an additional 23 per-cent. From a climate change perspec-tive, Minnesota is already halfway to being a 100-percent clean energy State, and we are not slowing down. Xcel, our largest utility, is on track to deliver 60 percent renewable and 85 percent clean energy by 2030. Great River Energy, which serves many of our rural electric co-ops, is committed to 50 percent re-newables by that same date. Why are they doing this? Well, it is not all about saving the planet. Wind energy has become the cheapest way to add new electricity to Minnesota’s electric grid. Yes, Minnesota is windy, but so is every State in the middle of the coun-try. And, as Senator WHITEHOUSE de-scribed, most coastal States have tre-mendous wind power potential through offshore wind farms. This summer, the McKnight Founda-tion released a groundbreaking anal-ysis of what decarbonizing Minnesota’s economy would mean. If Minnesota continues to move away from fossil fuels and toward clean energy, we can achieve a dramatic reduction in green-house gas emissions by 2050. That would mean an electric mix that in-cludes at least 91 percent clean energy. That would mean total energy bill sav-ings of $600 to $1,200 per Minnesota household each year. It also would 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12SE6.024 S12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6130 September 12, 2018 
mean 20,000 more jobs in our State compared to a ‘‘business as usual’’ sce-nario, with continued reliance on fossil fuels. Given all of the upsides, it is dis-heartening that the President con-tinues to do everything in his power to slow down the clean energy transition. He would rather take us backward than have America remain a world leader pushing forward. He is pulling the United States out of the Paris climate agreement. He is taking steps to roll back auto fuel efficiency standards and trampling on the rights of States that want to maintain rigorous targets. He has tried repeatedly to keep uneco-nomic and polluting coal plants open— a move that, if successful, would cost American taxpayers and electric bill payers billions of dollars a year. In a recent attack on clean energy, President Trump has proposed replac-ing the Clean Power Plan with an al-ternative that would actually increase greenhouse gas emissions and, by the administration’s own calculation, cause up to 1,400 additional deaths per year due to air pollution. Just yester-day, the Trump administration pro-posed to weaken rules that limit the release of methane—a potent green-house gas. Instead, the Federal Government can and should partner with States to en-courage the spread of clean energy. The Federal Government should help States lead and not hold them back. First, we should set national clean energy targets. These should be a floor, not a ceiling, setting States free to in-novate and adopt the best way to meet energy emission reductions given their local resources, local economies, and local sensibilities. Second, the Federal targets should be technology neutral. The goal is to re-duce greenhouse gas emissions. In one place, this might mean wind power; in another, nuclear power. Some States have great hydropower resources, while others might choose to utilize carbon capture and storage upgrades to exist-ing coal plants. Third, we should work with States to enhance the interstate transmission system. I have talked a lot about what Minnesota is doing on clean energy. States like California and Hawaii and many others are certainly also leading the way. With transmission, the Texas grid expansion provides a potential na-tional model. That expansion is helping bring clean electricity from the windy western part of Texas to the large cit-ies in the east. Fourth, the Federal Energy and Reg-ulatory Commission must properly ac-count for greenhouse gas emissions when it approves projects. It should allow States to value their nuclear plants as zero-emission sources. As the original fleet of nuclear plants retires, it is imperative that they be replaced with non-emitting power sources. Last, the Federal government should expand support for cutting-edge energy research at our National Labs and at State universities. The Federal Gov-ernment also needs to recognize that the discoveries in the lab only help if they are actually deployed. We must help States and utilities take risks on new, potentially game-changing tech-nologies. To those ends, I recently in-troduced legislation to help fund both research and initial deployment of new energy storage technologies. We have everything to lose if we fail to meet the challenge of climate change. We owe our children and the next generation a better alternative. I again thank Senator W
HITEHOUSE  for his leadership on this issue and for inviting me to join him today. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, the Sen-ate is a bit behind in terms of the schedule. I ask unanimous consent, as the ranking Democrat on the Senate Finance Committee—we will be voting on Mr. Rettig here shortly—that I be allowed to speak for up to 15 minutes at the conclusion of my colleague Sen-ator B
ENNET ’s remarks. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Colorado. Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to complete my re-marks. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
THE ECONOMY  
Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, in re-cent weeks, President Trump has gone around the country touting the strength of the economy. He said: 
Our economy is the strongest it has ever been in the history of our country, and you just have to look at the numbers to know that. 
The numbers do tell us that the econ-omy is strong and getting stronger, and that is a good thing, but they also tell us that the economy has been strength-ening since 2010—after President Obama acted to save us from another Great Depression and when some Mem-bers of Congress wouldn’t lift a finger to help him. During President Obama’s term, even as the economic data showed more and more investment and more growth, the other side talked down the recovery be-cause, even though it was good for America, it didn’t help them win elec-tions. As a candidate, this was Donald Trump’s specialty. He was a master of this in September 2016—long into the recovery—when he said: ‘‘This is the weakest so-called recovery since the Great Depression.’’ The Great Depres-sion wasn’t a recovery; it was the Great Depression. We were coming out of the great recession. He even questioned the government’s monthly jobs report, at one point call-ing it ‘‘total fiction.’’ ‘‘Nobody has jobs. . . . It is not a real economy. It is a phony set of numbers. They cooked the books,’’ he said of the government’s report. ‘‘Don’t believe those phony numbers when you hear 4.9 percent or 5 percent unemployment. The number’s probably 28, 29, as high as 35. In fact, I even heard recently 42 percent.’’ He campaigned on that. Now that he is President, Donald Trump’s attitude has changed. This month he said that we have the strong-est economy in the history of our Na-tion. It turns out that he loves those jobs reports that he criticized so read-ily under President Obama: JUST OUT: 3.9% Unemployment. 4% is Broken! In the meantime, WITCH HUNT! 
If you only read the President’s twit-ter feed—which I don’t recommend— you could be forgiven for believing that the economy was collapsing under President Obama but is now roaring back under his administration. As usual, the truth is not nearly as par-tisan. If we ignore the hyperbole and exag-geration and review the actual history, the trends are clear. The economy was shrinking and shedding jobs when President Obama took office. He stepped in and made difficult decisions, and soon after, the economy began growing, adding jobs and gaining strength. And it has continued under President Trump, I am pleased to say. Let’s look at the record. Last week, President Trump cele-brated the almost 4 million jobs cre-ated since the election. In the first year and a half of President Trump, the economy created an average of 189,000 jobs a month. That is good. Compare that to the last year and a half under President Obama when the economy created 208,000 jobs a month. Unfortu-nately, we have lost some ground since the Obama administration, but we are still making progress. This chart dem-onstrates that. This chart also demonstrates that de-spite President Trump’s deficit-busting tax cuts and higher spending, job growth has actually slowed under his administration. The same is true for wages. I don’t take any pleasure in this, but, as you can see here, average hourly earnings grew at a rate of 1.3 percent during the course of President Obama’s last 18 months; they grew by 1.1 percent during President Trump’s first 18 months. That growth has slowed. Last week, President Trump also said that we have more people working today than at any point ever in his-tory. That is true, but it has been true since May of 2014. In fact, the private sector has added jobs for 102 months straight—the longest streak on record, and 80 percent of that streak was dur-ing the Obama administration. As in other parts of his life, when it comes to jobs, President Trump is once again coasting on his inheritance. President Trump said: 
Economic growth last quarter was 4.2 per-cent, and as you people know, it was headed down, big. And it was a low number. A very low number. It would have been, in my opin-ion, it would have been less than zero. It was heading to negative numbers. 
First, the economy did grow by 4.2 percent last quarter, but it grew by the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12SE6.026 S12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6131 September 12, 2018 
same rate for several quarters in 2015 and 2016 under President Obama. There is not a single economist who thought we were ‘‘heading to negative numbers’’ at the end of the Obama ad-ministration. In fact, when asked, a surrogate for this administration couldn’t name a single economist to back up the President’s claim. Most recently, on Monday, President Trump tweeted: 
The GDP Rate (4.2%) is higher than the Unemployment Rate (3.9%) for the first time in over 100 years! 
Even FOX News had to call him out on that one. They pointed out that since 1948, GDP growth has been higher than the unemployment rate 63 dif-ferent times. This is not the first time; it has happened 63 times. The one thing that actually has hap-pened for the first time during the course of this administration is that it is the first time in American history that the unemployment rate is falling and our deficit is going up. That has never happened before. It is hard to do that. The level of irresponsibility re-quired to have an outcome where your unemployment is falling and your def-icit is rising is unheard of in American history. The Congressional Budget Office just announced that the government spent $895 billion more than it took in over the past 11 months. That is a 33-percent increase in our deficit from last year. It is a 53-percent increase in our deficit since the last year of the Obama ad-ministration just 2 years ago. And by the way, we still have a month to go in this year. So the deficit has increased under this Republican President, this Republican Senate, this Republican House majority, by more than half since President Obama left office. By the way, and parenthetically, the last time unemployment was 3.9 per-cent was the year 2000, when we had a projected surplus of $5.6 trillion. That was at the end of the Clinton adminis-tration. This is all a far cry from candidate Donald Trump’s promise to eliminate our debt over a period of 8 years or his promise to provide great healthcare for a fraction of the price, whereby every-one will be taken care of better than they are taken care of now, or his promise to build the greatest infra-structure on the planet Earth—the roads and railways and airports of to-morrow. I haven’t seen any tweets about that lately. I will give him this: President Trump promised he would be the greatest jobs President God ever created. Do you know what? He has been the greatest jobs President God ever created since Barack Obama was President of the United States. I want to finish by suggesting that instead of trafficking in complete falsehoods and untruths and exaggera-tions about what he has saved us from and how phenomenally well he is doing while he is creating these enormous deficits as our economy grows, the American people would be a lot better served by a conversation about the much deeper challenges we face—for example, why wages have decoupled from productivity, why incomes have not kept pace with cost, why automa-tion and global competition have put tremendous pressure on workers and wages and what we are going to do about it, why inequality continues to rise and economic mobility in the United States continues to fall below that of European countries. That is what we should be talking about. Ig-noring these issues doesn’t make them disappear. Reality is out there in States like Colorado and all across our country, and our lack of mobility and our ex-traordinary inequality is bearing down on us. Even if the President chooses to ignore it, for the sake of our children, we cannot. I yield the floor. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, American taxpayers are facing an uncertain time. After rushing to pass an enormously complex, budget-busting tax bill late last year, Republicans in Congress have set the table for the upcoming tax sea-son to be a time of serious confusion for the public. At the center of this sits the IRS, which is in the midst of trying to modernize its systems, effectively perform its tax collection functions, and implement this boondoggle of a tax law. Today the Senate considers a nominee to head the IRS. While I strongly disagree with most of the tax policy decisions that this administra-tion has made, I am supporting this nominee because the IRS deserves to have dedicated leadership at the top. There is little debate over Mr. Rettig’s qualifications for this posi-tion. By all accounts, he has extensive tax law experience and has worked closely with the IRS in advisory roles over the years. Perhaps, most impor-tantly, he would ensure that the IRS has full-time leadership in place, which stands in stark contrast to how the ad-ministration has chosen to run the agency to date. Rather than putting an Acting Commissioner in place who would serve exclusively in that role, the administration chose instead to have a political appointee in the De-partment of Treasury split his time be-tween his policy role in the Depart-ment and the critical role of leading the IRS. There is no doubt that this does a disservice to American tax-payers. It also raises questions about the political independence of the IRS. I appreciate that many Senators will be opposing this nomination because of the egregious decision made by the ad-ministration in July to end the report-ing of so-called ‘‘dark money’’ donors to the IRS. In a time when Russia has been shown to use these types of orga-nizations to funnel money as part of an effort to influence our elections, end-ing the reporting of donor information raises serious questions about who this administration is aiming to protect. I was proud to join a letter led by Sen-ators KLOBUCHAR and W YDEN urging the Department of Treasury to rein-state the reporting requirements. At the same time, we have seen the impact that the lack of dedicated lead-ership and the disastrous budget cuts adopted over the years by Republicans has had at the IRS. Its website crashed on tax day, crippling the ability of mil-lions of Americans to file their taxes on time. Rural Americans are strug-gling to get the help they need to file their taxes. It still needs to provide guidance to taxpayers on how the Re-publican tax law will impact them. Without a full-time leader in place, I worry that the IRS will be rudderless at the top. Ultimately, such an out-come would be unfair to hard-working Vermonters who just want to pay their taxes as quickly and easily as possible. As vice chairman of the Appropria-tions Committee, I will continue to fight for the funding the IRS needs to meet the many challenges it faces and repair the damage caused by years of budget neglect. I will also be sup-porting the nominee today, despite my unequivocal opposition to the IRS dark money decision, so that the agency has the leadership it needs as well. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, the Sen-ate is considering tonight the nomina-tion of Charles Rettig to lead the Inter-nal Revenue Service. Let’s be clear. This is not a typical IRS Commissioner debate. Over the last several months, the Trump administration has weaponized the Tax Code to punish its political ad-versaries and benefit shadowy, far- right groups that seek to buy Amer-ican elections. Two months ago, just hours after Maria Butina was outed as an alleged Russian spy who sought to influence our elections, the Trump ad-ministration announced a new rule, opening the floodgates to more dark money and foreign money in American politics. Dark money groups used to be required to disclose their donors to the IRS. With this new Trump rule, they will not be required to disclose at all. To my colleagues, here is what this all means. Over the next 2 months, while political ads flood the airwaves, millions of Americans are going to wonder how much of this stuff is paid for by law-breaking foreigners and spe-cial interests. Because of the new rule, the Internal Revenue Service and law enforcement are going to be in the dark as well. There are a few reasons this new rule is unjustifiable and un-democratic. First, it had no debate in the Finance Committee, where we have jurisdiction over the Tax Code. It had no debate on the Senate floor. I do recall my Repub-lican colleagues bemoaning what they considered to be anti-conservative po-litical interference by the Internal Revenue Service even when none was found. Now, with a Republican admin-istration in office, they are changing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12SE6.027 S12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6132 September 12, 2018 
the tax rules to allow for more polit-ical interference by creative outside groups and foreigners. Second, the timing of this announce-ment could not have more clearly un-derscored the rotten corruption at the heart of this policy. The new dark money rule was announced on a Mon-day night—the same day it was re-vealed that Maria Butina had been in-dicted for using the National Rifle As-sociation as a conduit to influence our democracy with personal and financial ties. Another administration, in seeing that kind of news come down, might have said: Hey, we ought to hold off on making drastic changes. It might have said: Let’s put a little more space be-tween the indictment of an alleged Russian spy and the rollout of our dark money rule that would make the spy’s job even easier—not this Trump admin-istration. It was undeterred. It, obvi-ously, decided it could not wait to get this new rule on the books to make it easier for foreign actors and special in-terests to hide in the shadows while their dollars influence our elections. The tax rules and election laws in America, with respect to who has to disclose political spending, are already badly broken, especially after Citizens United. Now the administration is tak-ing an enormous problem and making it much worse. The Trump dark money rule is only going to mean that indi-vidual Americans will have even less faith that they will be in control of our democracy. This takes us even further from the true meaning of one person, one vote. It puts even more power and more influence in the hands of the spe-cial interests. The fact is, the arguments for this change do not add up. I have heard members of the Trump administration say, including the Treasury Secretary, that none of this information was pub-lic before, so there is no reason to col-lect it; that there is just no big deal here. To my colleagues, the overwhelming majority of Americans want more dis-closure, not less. The administration, in effect, admits it was not using the information political donors used to have to turn over. It sounds to me like the Trump argument for this dark money rule goes pretty much like this: We were not going to enforce the cam-paign spending laws anyway, so we de-cided not to bother collecting the spe-cial interest information at all. That is going to be cold comfort to the millions of Americans who are going to get clobbered by enormously funded political ads for the next 2 months before our election. The bottom line is, the Trump dark money rule is anti-law enforcement, anti-democratic, and anti-disclosure. It puts a blindfold on law enforcement at the exact moment Congress ought to be coming up with new approaches to shed more sunlight on political spending and defend American democracy from foreign influence. The Finance Committee’s vote on Mr. Rettig’s nomination was, coinci-dentally, scheduled to take place dur-ing the same week the rule came down. Obviously, this issue was a focal point in the discussion. I raised the issue during the markup. Mr. Rettig had an opportunity to tell the committee he would try to fix it. He did not. He wouldn’t even acknowledge the serious problem here for the cause of trans-parency and openness in our govern-ment. In my view, this rule ought to be put up to the same standard of scrutiny the majority has applied to several other rules that were put in place by the pre-vious administration. The Senate ought to use the powers granted to it by the Congressional Review Act, and it ought to vote on whether this rule should stand. Yet now the Trump ad-ministration is taking unprecedented steps to hide its dark money policy from that kind of scrutiny. Trump offi-cials are keeping their rule off the offi-cial books for as long as they can to prevent the Senate from holding their dark money rule to the same standard that had been applied to the Obama ad-ministration. When it publishes the rule in the Federal Register or it confirms that it will not be published there but will be published elsewhere, the rule becomes eligible for a challenge under the Con-gressional Review Act. So far, the Trump administration hasn’t taken ei-ther step, even though I asked for a re-sponse 3 weeks ago. As a result, in the Senate, we have been unable to get a straight answer as to when it is coming or whether it plans to publish the con-gressional review issue at all. It looks to me like the administration has a policy on its hands that it knows is corrupt, that it knows is undemocratic, so it is playing hide the ball. The more the public hears about the dark money rule, the less it likes it, and we are going to keep talking about it. I close with one last point, in that there is a lot about the Trump tax pol-icy to be concerned about this evening. Senator M
ENENDEZ talked about how blue States, like Oregon, California, New Jersey, and others, were hit with a gut punch. Capping the State and local tax deductions to target people in those States reveals the rotten core of the Trump tax policy. Tonight, as we consider the Rettig nomination, I don’t know of anything more corrupt in front of this body than to make it even harder for the American people to know where dark money—foreign money—is coming from. For that reason, I urge my colleagues to oppose the Rettig nomination. He was asked to acknowledge that this is a serious problem. He wouldn’t go there. He was asked to describe what he would do to correct the problem. He wouldn’t go there. This is as corrupt as anything I know of before the U.S. Sen-ate, and I will be working with my col-leagues to fix this dark money crisis and undo the damage the Trump tax law has brought on, and I will be oppos-ing the Rettig nomination. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, thank you so much to my colleague from Or-egon for his remarks on taking on the systematic corruption of dark money as it relates to this nomination. Mr. MERKLEY. I yield the floor. CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pend-ing cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The bill clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Charles P. Rettig, of California, to be Commissioner of Internal Revenue for the term expiring November 12, 2022. Mitch McConnell, Joni Ernst, John Booz-man, Shelley Moore Capito, Johnny Isakson, David Perdue, Roger F. Wicker, John Hoeven, John Cornyn, Mike Rounds, Orrin G. Hatch, Roy Blunt, John Barrasso, Deb Fischer, Rob Portman, Thom Tillis, Tom Cotton. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of Charles P. Rettig, of California, to be Commissioner of Internal Revenue for the term expiring November 12, 2022, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) and the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
OOMEY ). Further, if present and voting the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Florida Mr. N
ELSON ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 63, nays 34, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 205 Ex.] YEAS—63 
Alexander Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Brown Burr Capito Casey Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hassan Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Johnson Jones Kennedy Kyl Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Murphy Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Scott Shaheen 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12SE6.029 S12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6133 September 12, 2018 
Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Wicker Young 
NAYS—34 
Baldwin Blumenthal Booker Cantwell Cardin Carper Coons Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Heinrich Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Markey Menendez Merkley Murray Peters Reed Sanders Schumer Smith Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—3 
Isakson Nelson Toomey 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 63, the nays are 34. The motion is agreed to. The Senator from Texas. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the remaining votes in this series be 10 minutes in length. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VOTE ON RETTIG NOMINATION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, all post-cloture time has expired. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Rettig nomina-tion? Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. B
URR) and the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAK-
SON). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 64, nays 33, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 206 Ex.] YEAS—64 
Alexander Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Brown Capito Cardin Casey Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hassan Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Johnson Jones Kennedy Kyl Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Murphy Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Scott Shaheen Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—33 
Baldwin Blumenthal Booker Cantwell Carper Coons Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Heinrich Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Markey Menendez Merkley Murray Peters Reed Sanders Schumer Smith Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden NOT VOTING—3 
Burr Isakson Nelson 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon table, and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
f 
ENERGY AND WATER, LEGISLA-TIVE BRANCH, AND MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019—CONFERENCE REPORT The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume legislative session in consider-ation of the conference report to ac-company H.R. 5895. The cloture motion is withdrawn. There will now be 10 minutes of de-bate, equally divided in the usual form. The Senator from Alabama. Mr. SHELBY. Mr. President, I will try to be brief. It is getting late. A few months ago, I came to the floor and urged my colleagues to set aside partisan disputes so that we could focus on our most basic constitutional responsibility: funding the government in a deliberate and timely manner. Most observers deemed the prospect dubious at best. Who could blame them? Like so much in Washington, the appropriations process was broken, but at the urging of Leaders M
CCON-
NELL and S CHUMER and with the help of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle—Vice Chairman L
EAHY , in par-ticular—we began to put the pieces back together. Steadily, methodically, we passed 9 of the 12 annual appropriations bills in the Senate by overwhelming bipartisan margins. Today, I am pleased to present my colleagues with the first dividends of their cooperation. The conference report before the Sen-ate tonight contains the 2019 appro-priations bills for Energy and Water Development, Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and the Legisla-tive Branch. It contains very critical funding to help transition our veterans to the new healthcare program they de-serve and have earned under the VA Mission Act. It funds nearly 200 con-struction projects that are very impor-tant to America’s military. It does a lot of other things, but I can say that this is an important package, and it is very important in what this package does not contain. It contains no poison pills—none of the partisan riders that have taken down appropriations bills in recent years in this package. As a result, the conference report looks a lot like the package that passed the Senate a few months ago by a vote of 86 to 5. We have a long way to go, but we are getting there with this first batch of appropriations bills. I want to take a second and thank the leaders of both sides, Vice Chairman LEAHY , the mem-bers of the Appropriations Committee, and all of my colleagues for their co-operation in this effort. I look forward to continuing to work together and urge you to vote for the conference re-port. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Vermont. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I want to speak briefly on this. Today, the Senate will consider final passage of the ‘‘Minibus #1’’ conference report. This package contains the Leg-islative Branch, Energy and Water De-velopment, and Military Construction and Veterans Affairs and Related Agen-cies Appropriations Bills. I agree with what Vice Chairman S
HELBY has said. When we first consid-ered this package in June, we held our first real debate on the Senate floor on an appropriations bill in many years. We had eight rollcall votes on amend-ments. We adopted a managers’ pack-age that Senator S
HELBY and I sub-mitted. It contained 32 more—a step toward returning to regular order. Today, we are going to take another step. This is not exactly the bill I would have written. I think it is safe to say it is not exactly the bill Chairman S
HELBY would have written. We know you have to have compromise. You have to work things out. I also knew I could rely on his word, and he could rely on my word. That is why we are here today voting on this bipartisan package. The Military Construction and Vet-erans Affairs appropriations bill in-cludes significant new investments in mental health and opioid abuse treat-ment. We are not just talking about things we would like to do to address opioid abuse; we are actually including it in a bill. It invests $1 billion in new funding over fiscal year 2017 levels for mental healthcare programs and sui-cide prevention and $454 million over fiscal year 2017 for opioid treatment and prevention. This bill also provides resources im-portant to Vermonters. It increases funding for long-term, noninstitutional care programs like the Veterans Inde-pendence Program in Vermont, which partners with community providers to support veterans who prefer to con-tinue living in their own homes, avoid-ing costly nursing home care and offer-ing better quality of life. It provides funding for homeless veterans pro-grams, such as the Grant and Per Diem program that offers supportive transi-tional housing to homeless veterans, and it includes a $40 million increase for Supportive Services for Veteran Families to help veterans and their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE6.036 S12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6134 September 12, 2018 
families secure permanent affordable housing. The bill nearly doubles funding for the popular Adaptive Sports Grant Program and expands it so that more service-disabled veterans, including those who suffer from invisible injuries like PTSD and brain injuries, can par-ticipate in lifelong sports in their com-munities, or train to showcase their mental and physical training at na-tional competitions. This bill also in-cludes a $40 million investment for the National Center for Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder and its evidence-based approach to the treatment of veterans bearing the hidden wounds of war. However, I am extremely dis-appointed that House Republicans and President Trump refused to accommo-date funding for the costs associated with the VA Choice Program. The pro-gram is going to face a shortfall begin-ning in May 2019. We are not helping our veterans if we make promises we don’t keep. We cannot just take fund-ing from other programs for veterans or terminate programs to help low-in-come Americans or important research at the National Institutes of Health, even though the President is proposing it. We must adjust the budget caps to accommodate programs for our vet-erans that have already passed Con-gress and been signed into law. We made a promise to veterans. The chairman and I will work hard on mak-ing sure Congress keeps that promise. In the Energy and Water Develop-ment appropriations bill, we make sig-nificant investments that support sci-entific research, make America more competitive in clean energy and in-crease funds for renewable energy. Congress rejected President Trump’s shortsighted attempt to eliminate ARPA-E, which researches and invests in new energy technologies, and in-creased its funding by $60 million over fiscal year 2018. Thanks to the Bipar-tisan Budget Agreement, investments in the Office of Science are increased by $1.2 billion over fiscal year 2017, pav-ing the way for new and groundbreaking scientific research. And with Hurricane Florence set to make landfall on America’s East Coast, this package includes the highest ever level of funding for the Army Corps’ Civil Works program of nearly $7 bil-lion. For every dollar invested, it is es-timated that there is a $16.60 return by mitigating flood damage and transpor-tation rate savings from moving goods on our waterways. The Energy and Water bill also makes important investments in our rural communities through regional commissions, including $20 million for the four-State Northern Border Re-gional Commission. We once again pro-vide strong funding for the Weatheriza-tion Program, which helps so many families in Vermont and other north-ern States who struggle with high home heating prices during the cold winter months. Ad I am pleased that the bill supports much needed repairs and improvements in our environ-mental infrastructure and energy in-frastructure and strengthens innova-tive ways to deliver these critical as-sets that will make Vermont and the entire country more resilient to the changing climate and violent weather events. The Legislative Branch Appropria-tions Bill includes funding to pay con-gressional interns for the first time. A congressional internship offers an en-trance to a career in public service, but many dedicated, young adults do not have the means to spend a summer working for free in Washington or in our home districts. By paying interns for their work, we open the door to a wider and more diverse pool of appli-cants looking to serve their country. I have long realized the potential benefits to our country of providing this opportunity to talented young people from diverse backgrounds. That is why, since my first day in the Sen-ate, in 1975, I made sure there were the resources available in my office to compensate our interns. I am glad this opportunity will now be available in every office, both House and Senate. For the first time in the legislative branch bill, we are also requiring Sen-ate candidates to file electronic cam-paign finance reports, something the House has required since 1995. This will increase transparency in campaign fi-nance and finally bring the system into the 21st century. This is a compromise bill. It makes significant investments in the Amer-ican people. It was not an easy path to get to where we are, but the Shelby- Leahy-McConnell-Schumer agreement we entered into—the four of us—has laid the bipartisan framework for a path forward. This package does have bipartisan support. It is free of poison pill riders, and it is in line with the bi-partisan budget agreement. I commend my friend R
ICHARD  S
HELBY for his leadership. I also thank Senators A
LEXANDER , FEINSTEIN , BOOZ-
MAN, SCHATZ , DAINES , and M URPHY for their vital contributions. This is the only successful path for-ward for the remaining appropriations bills, and I am hopeful that House Re-publicans will continue to engage with this process. I also remain hopeful that President Trump will join this bipartisan and bi-cameral vision for the appropriations process. However, the President’s repeated shutdown threats are not helpful. Just last week, at a campaign style rally, the President threatened to shut down the government after the mid-term elections—an attempt that would avoid the immediate political con-sequences of his brash and short-sight-ed decision to hold the American peo-ple hostage for his useless and ill-con-sidered border wall, which he has re-peatedly promised Mexico would pay for. A government shutdown is not a po-litical talking point. It has real con-sequences on real people, and I hope the President will leave his rhetoric at his rally and work with Republicans and Democrats in Congress. In the Senate, we have come to-gether, Republicans and Democrats. We have made more progress than we have in decades in appropriations. I hope that we will continue down this path and pass the two additional minibus appropriations bills that are in conference before the end of the fiscal year. Funding the government is one of Congress’s most basic responsibilities, and we owe it to the American people to do our jobs. Lastly, I often say I am a constitu-tional impediment to my staff—Chuck Kieffer, Chanda Betourney, Jessica Berry, Jay Tilton, and Jean Kwon, as well as Chairman SHELBY ’s staff, Shan-non Hines, Jonathan Graffeo, and David Adkins, as well as the staff on both sides of the aisle for each of the three subcommittees. It takes a lot people to get a bill like this across the finish line, and I thank them for their hard work and dedication. I am ready to vote. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. All time is yielded back. The question is on the adoption of the conference report. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. B
URR) and the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAK-
SON). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 92, nays 5, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 207 Leg.] YEAS—92 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Gardner Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Kyl Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12SE6.034 S12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6135 September 12, 2018 
Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NAYS—5 
Flake Gillibrand Markey Paul Warren 
NOT VOTING—3 
Burr Isakson Nelson 
The conference report was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, S. Con. Res. 46 is considered and agreed to and the mo-tion to reconsider is considered made and laid upon the table. The concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 46) was agreed to. (The concurrent resolution is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each, and I ask consent to speak for as long as I may require. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
50 YEARS OF KENTUCKY EDUCATIONAL TELEVISION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I would like to take a moment to cele-brate one of the great public edu-cational resources in my home State of Kentucky. This month, we mark the 50th anniversary of Kentucky Edu-cational Television, KET, which has provided a vital service to the Com-monwealth. It is my privilege to take a look back at the distinguished history of this organization and its impact on Kentucky families. When KET officially signed on the air in 1968 under the leadership of its founding director, University of Ken-tucky professor O. Leonard Press, it did so during school hours on the sec-ond largest land-based network in the world. Its first instructional program was ‘‘Kentucky is My Land,’’ which di-rectly addressed KET’s mission to de-liver quality educational programming for all levels and to explore the beauty and heritage of the Commonwealth of Kentucky. That original goal has ani-mated the remarkable educational and public affairs programming of this net-work for half a century. During its first decade on the air, KET continued to expand and provide important services to its viewers, which included the debut of consequen-tial Kentucky journalists such as Al Smith and KET’s first nationally dis-tributed instructional series, ‘‘Universe & I.’’ In addition, the network began its televised coverage of the pro-ceedings of the Kentucky General As-sembly, providing unprecedented ac-cess and public transparency to our State’s legislature and a valuable civic education to our citizens. As an affiliate of the Public Broad-casting Service, PBS, KET also brings nationally treasured programs into the homes of thousands of Kentuckians. Programs such as Julia Child’s ‘‘The French Chef,’’ ‘‘Masterpiece Theatre,’’ and many of Ken Burns’s historical documentary series have made an in-delible impact on our country. As KET has grown, it has expanded its pro-gramming around the clock to provide educational opportunities to Kentuck-ians 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Throughout the years, KET has also grown its public affairs content, deliv-ering news of the day and critical in-formation to viewers. Staffed with top- notch journalists and featuring inter-views with well-known Kentuckians, these programs are an important part of the network’s overall mission. Throughout my career, I have enjoyed both viewing and periodically joining these programs to discuss vital issues to the future of Kentucky. Keeping faith with its educational goals, the network has developed im-portant partnerships with educational institutions and universities in Ken-tucky. In fact, Morehead State Univer-sity began offering KET distance learn-ing courses for dual credit, and the KET Fast Forward program has ex-celled as a learning system for GED test preparation. I commend KET’s 50 years of award- winning service to my home State. It is my privilege to congratulate the net-work on its success, and I look forward to many more years of quality pro-gramming in our Commonwealth. I urge my Senate colleagues to join me in celebrating KET’s exemplary work. 
f 
125TH ANNIVERSARY OF HELEN KELLER SERVICES Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, today I wish to congratulate Helen Keller Services, HKS, on its 125th anniver-sary, which will be celebrated at its gala at the Liberty Warehouse in Brooklyn, NY, on September 13, 2018. Since 1893, the Helen Keller Services has been committed to improving the lives of individuals who are blind, vis-ually impaired, or have combined hear-ing and vision loss. The talented and dedicated staff at the Helen Keller Services has made over 60,000 visits to the homes and communities of individ-uals who are blind or visually im-paired. Over 900,000 children ages 3–5 have received preschool vision screenings to ensure they are equipped for success in the classroom. The orga-nization has placed over 14,000 individ-uals in jobs with the help of their pro-grams. The totality of their impact over the past 125 years is hard to over-state. This fall the organization will move its headquarters to a new 44,000-square- foot facility located at 180 Livingston Street in Brooklyn. This modern struc-ture will house new classrooms and training rooms, a specialized gym for prekindergarten students, new offices and workstations, a Low Vision Center, and a new technology training space. This will aide HKS in serving the blind and visually impaired community for decades to come. While the scope of its services has changed and expanded substantially over the past century and a quarter, al-lowing HKS to touch the lives of count-less blind, visually impaired, and deaf- blind men women and children, what has not changed is its steadfast com-mitment to Brooklyn, the surrounding communities, and the entire New York region. I congratulate the Helen Keller Services on achieving this milestone and thank them for their outstanding service to New York. f 
REMEMBERING SUVASH DARNAL Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I have spoken before about Suvash Darnal, an extraordinary Nepalese Dalit activist who was tragically killed in a traffic accident in Virginia on August 15, 2011. Mr. Darnal was only 31 years old when he died, but he had already made more of his life than many people who live to be twice or three times his age. He grew up impoverished, with nothing to look forward to. In large measure because of the adversity he experienced and his inherent thirst for knowledge, he became a passionate advocate for his people at home and around the world. As I have said before, his integ-rity, his humility, his vision, and his dedication live on as an inspiring ex-ample of why caste discrimination has no place in the 21st century, in Nepal or anywhere else. From 2008 to 2009, Mr. Darnal was a fellow at the National Endowment for Democracy. Carl Gershman, President of NED, was among Mr. Darnal’s ad-mirers and has helped to convey the lessons of Mr. Darnal’s life to a wider audience. I ask unanimous consent that Mr. Gershman’s account of recent events in Kathmandu in remembrance of Suvash Darnal be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the kathmandupost] (By Carl Gershman) Aug. 28, 2018.—I visited Nepal recently to attend two days of memorial events held in honour of Suvash Darnal, an activist for Dalit rights who perished in a terrible car accident in Washington in 2011. I first met Darnal a decade ago when he was a Reagan- Fascell Democracy Fellow at the National Endowment for Democracy (NED), the organisation that I head. 1 found him to be an unusually gifted democracy activist. He had a marvellously engaging personality, and he impressed many people in Washington as a sophisticated analyst of Nepal at a time when the country was just coming out of a civil war. He was also an ardent and effective spokesman against caste discrimination. Darnal had the ability to make the Dalit issue come alive for Americans, partly by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE6.041 S12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6136 September 12, 2018 
drawing parallels with America’s own his-tory of slavery and racial discrimination. There are obviously great differences be-tween the US and Nepal, as well as between racial and caste discrimination. But experi-ences have a way of travelling across borders and cultures in our globalised world, and in his public presentation as a NED fellow on discrimination against Dalits, Darnal called for a programme of ‘affirmative action’, an idea that was developed in the US after the civil rights movement to highlight the need for proactive measures to address the deeply rooted problem of racial inequality. One of the attributes that made Darnal such an effective activist was that he under-stood the importance of organisation and the need for institutions of civil society capable of taking collective action. When he was only 20 years old, he took the lead in cre-ating the Jagaran Media Centre which was both the largest Dalit media outlet in South Asia and an advocacy group fighting to eliminate caste-based discrimination. When king Gyanendra took power in 2001 and shut down Nepal’s nascent democracy, he helped found the Collective Campaign for Peace, a coalition of 43 non-governmental organisations that became the secretariat for the civic movement fighting for the res-toration of democracy. And when he re-turned from his fellowship at NED, during which he had thought deeply about the need to change the pure-impure dichotomy of the caste-based culture and system in Nepal, he created the Samata Foundation to bridge the gap between politics and caste. What has impressed me about the Dalit movement in Nepal is that it did not suc-cumb to discouragement by Darnal’s tragic death, but has found a way to build upon his legacy of struggle and organisation. The pro-gramme of remembrance on August 14–15 consisted of three major events—a con-ference at Tribhuvan University at which five young Dalit scholars and practitioners presented papers on different dimensions of the continuing struggle against caste dis-crimination; an evening forum where four prominent international scholars placed the Dalit issue in a global context; and a con-cluding award ceremony at Kathmandu’s City Hall attended by 500 people at which frontline Dalit activists were recognised for their efforts to carry forward Darnal’s vision of social justice. These events took place at a time of deep anxiety among Dalits over the rise of nation-alism in Nepal that has led the Left Alliance government to dismiss demands for minority rights and the inclusion of marginalised groups as inconsistent with the need for na-tional unity. This problem was addressed by a paper delivered at the Tribhuvan Univer-sity conference by Amar BK, a PhD can-didate at the University of Pittsburgh in the US, who wrote that despite the hopes for an end to untouchability engendered by the adoption in 2007 of a progressive interim con-stitution, the recent rise of Hindu religious nationalism has caused an anti-Dalit back-lash. Other conference papers highlighted the persistence of exclusion and discrimina-tion in the judiciary in Nepal and the need to refute ‘dominant narratives’ against affirma-tive action, such as that the policy under-mines meritocracy. Despite the current backsliding on the Dalit issue, I was heartened that the move-ment is pressing ahead at every level. In Par-liament, Dalit Members of Parliament are preparing shadow bills on the critical issues of land reform, employment, housing, health care, education and the defence of political rights and freedom of assembly and associa-tion. At the state level, the Samata Founda-tion is developing a leadership academy to train new Dalit members of Provincial As-semblies. Training and protection are also being provided to the thousands of Dalits who have been elected to positions on local councils but who are being blocked by old- line forces from carrying out their respon-sibilities. And, of course, there are con-tinuing efforts to address the critical long- term need for youth education and capacity- building. What especially impressed me was the in-variably positive and hopeful attitude that the Dalit activists take to the challenges they face, despite the legacy of harsh dis-crimination and a bloody civil war. At the Tribhuvan University conference, for exam-ple, grassroots activist Sona Khatik mov-ingly described the terrible injustices she had suffered, yet said that she had decided early on to take her revenge by doing good deeds, not by using violence. Darnal’s widow Sarita Pariyar also took the path of non-violence by invoking the memory of Dr Mar-tin Luther King when she spoke about end-ing the scourge of caste humiliation. This positive attitude exemplified the spir-it of Suvash Darnal, who always rejected the politics of grievance and victimisation. He never appealed to people’s sense of guilt over the injustices done to Dalits, nor did he ever ask for sympathy, let alone pity. Rather than put people off with rancour and right-eous anger, he preferred to draw them in with humour, warmth and wit. He always took the high road and appealed to common ideals of social justice and shared humanity. The Dalit movement is building upon what Suvash accomplished, and is using his exam-ple as a model and inspiration. If they suc-ceed, they will make Nepal a stronger and more successful country, and will give inspi-ration to others around the world who are re-sponding to new threats to democracy at a very troubled time in world history. f 
BUDGET ENFORCEMENT LEVELS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, section 251 of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, BBEDCA, establishes statutory limits on discre-tionary spending and allows for various adjustments to those limits. In addi-tion, sections 302 and 314(a) of the Con-gressional Budget Act of 1974 allow the chairman of the Budget Committee to establish and make revisions to alloca-tions, aggregates, and levels consistent with those adjustments. The Senate will soon consider the conference report to H.R. 5895, a spend-ing measure covering programs within the jurisdiction of the Senate Appro-priations Subcommittees on Energy and Water, military construction and Veterans Affairs, and the Legislative Branch. The military construction por-tion of this legislation includes funding for military construction designated as overseas contingency operations fund-ing pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of BBEDCA. These provisions provide $921 million in budget authority for fis-cal year 2019. The inclusion of the over-seas contingency operations designa-tions with these provisions makes this spending eligible for an adjustment under the Congressional Budget Act. On June 18, 2018, I filed an adjust-ment relating to S. Amdt. 2910 to H.R. 5895, which contained appropriations for the same three appropriations sub-committees. The military construction portion of the amendment contained $921 million in revised security budget authority designated as overseas con-tingency operations, and the budgetary adjustment was made to accommodate this spending. Since the level of overseas contin-gency operations spending in the con-ference report is consistent with the previously filed levels and appro-priately designated, those funds are now available for use in this conference report, and no further budgetary ad-justment is warranted at this time. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO GUIDO CALABRESI ∑Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, today I recognize Judge Guido Calabresi, a dedicated public servant and professor who is celebrating 70 years as a naturalized citizen of the United States on September 16. His life and career constitute a leg-acy of commitment and passion for ini-tiating positive change. A deeply in-sightful and tirelessly driven person, he is recognized as a pioneer in the aca-demic world who has spent six decades educating and serving others. In 1939, Judge Calabresi moved with his family to New York and then New Haven, CT, from Milan, Italy, where his parents were notable antifascist figures. Forbidden from bringing money with them to America, his fam-ily had to start again from scratch upon their arrival. Judge Calabresi and his older brother, Paul, worked to learn English and assimilate into their new home. Their father had a fellow-ship at Yale, which at the time had no Italian or Jewish faculty members, forcing the family to forge a unique identity at the institution. Young Guido devoted himself unstintingly to his studies. Once natu-ralized as a citizen, along with his par-ents and brother in 1948, he graduated summa cum laude from Yale in 1953 with a bachelor of science in econom-ics, earned a bachelor of arts with first class honors from Oxford in 1955 as a Rhodes Scholar, and then a bachelor of laws magna cum laude from Yale Law School 5 years later and a master of arts the next year in 1959 from the Uni-versity of Oxford in politics, philos-ophy, and economics. Judge Calabresi focused on legal scholarship starting in the late 1950s, when he served as a law review member and note editor for the Yale Law Jour-nal and graduated first in his class from the law school. After graduation, he clerked for U.S. Supreme Court As-sociate Justice Hugo Black and went on to become the youngest full pro-fessor ever at Yale Law School. His impressive career led him to be-come dean of the Yale Law School for 9 years, ending in 1994. One of Judge Calabresi’s most notable accomplish-ments in the academic world is his role as a founder of the subfield of law and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE6.050 S12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6137 September 12, 2018 
economics along with Nobel Prize win-ner Ronald Coase. His public service in-cluded impressive charitable and local government activities, including as a town selectman in Woodbridge for 4 years, beginning in 1971. In 1994, recognizing his extraordinary accomplishments as a teacher and scholar, President Bill Clinton nomi-nated him to serve as a U.S. circuit judge of the United States Court of Ap-peals for the Second Circuit. Confirmed by the U.S. Senate, Judge Calabresi joined the court in September 1994, 55 years after fleeing to America to es-cape Italian racial laws. Judge Calabresi was shaped through-out his education, as a lawyer, and as a judge by his experiences as a refugee who courageously forged his own path as a U.S. citizen. Now a senior judge for the Second Circuit and sterling pro-fessor emeritus of law and professional lecturer at Yale, he has written seven books and more than 100 articles on law and other related subjects. He has also been awarded 50 honorary degrees from universities across the globe. With his remarkable record of public and academic service, Judge Calabresi is a credit to the State of Connecticut and to our country. His unfailing readi-ness to embrace new challenges and benefit his communities sets an inspir-ing model for all of us. I applaud his many accomplishments and hope my colleagues will join me in congratulating Judge Guido Calabresi on this landmark of attaining 70 years as a naturalized American citizen. ∑ 
f 
75TH ANNIVERSARY OF PORTLAND HOUSING AUTHORITY ∑Mr. KING. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize Portland Housing Authority, which is celebrating its 75th anniversary this year. Portland Hous-ing Authority and its affiliates provide critical long-term affordable rental housing and rental assistance to more than 3,000 low-income families, seniors, and disabled individuals in the Port-land area. They house over 6,500 resi-dents, nearly 10 percent of the city’s population. Portland Housing Authority was es-tablished in 1943 through State legisla-tion and is authorized by resolution of the Portland City Council. They re-ceive most of their funding through the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development. Their mission is to pro-vide and expand affordable housing op-portunities and services that ‘‘improve quality of life, build community, en-hance safety, and promote personal success for the people [they] serve and the neighborhoods in which they re-side.’’ Certainly, over the last 75 years, Portland Housing Authority has made great strides in helping those in the greater Portland area find affordable housing and strengthening the commu-nity for everyone. One example of the strengthened community can be seen in the commu-nity groups created within the housing units. The Portland Housing Authority received one of the first grants from Women’s United, to help fund commu-nity dinners where single mothers could learn about relevant topics and get to know each other. Many of these single mothers used these dinners to make friends, discuss their goals, and encourage and motivate each other. They have created their own network, helping each other out when needed. Another of these community groups is the Pihcintu chorus. This all-girls chorus is made up almost entirely of refugee immigrants who live in Port-land Housing Authority units and who have represented Maine on some of the biggest stages, including NBC’s Today Show and the Kennedy Center here in Washington DC. This group, whose name in Passamaquoddy means ‘‘when she sings, her voice carries far,’’ is a unique way for girls who are new to Maine to gather from their diverse background to join as one voice. This group was started in 2005, and since then, more than 200 girls have lent their voices to the chorus. For many, the group offers a bit of serenity, com-panionship with other girls who have gone through similar journeys, and a reminder of the home they left behind. The chorus is also a symbol of their new home in the State of Maine. Over the last 75 years, Portland Housing Authority has not only helped Portland residents find affordable housing, but also has helped them thrive in their community. I want to recognize all the work they have done for the greater Portland area and the State of Maine over the last 75 years, and I look forward to seeing their con-tinued success for many years to come.∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING HONOR FLIGHT HUNTINGTON ∑Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, today I rise with immense pride in recog-nizing 85 heroic military veterans who will travel to Washington from West Virginia on the Honor Flight Hun-tington this week. During their time in our Nation’s Capital, they will visit the monuments built in their honor. This truly moving event serves as a unique opportunity for us to honor and share our deepest gratitude for these individ-uals who have sacrificed so much in the service of our great Nation. With one of our country’s highest per capita rates of military servicemembers and veterans, West Virginia is undoubtedly one of our Na-tion’s most patriotic States. Through-out the history of the Mountain State, our citizens have demonstrated the bravery and selflessness time and again in making tremendous sacrifices to keep our homeland safe and free. Ac-cording to the Department of Defense, West Virginia had the highest casualty rate in the Nation during the Vietnam war, and I am so proud that the Honor Flight Huntington will allow these West Virginia veterans to tour the monuments that have been constructed in their honor. I want to express my ut-most gratitude to these special men and women for their noble sacrifice and extraordinary bravery and patriotism to keep our country free and safe. The 85 veterans participating in this week’s Honor Flight Huntington truly embody the Mountain State’s history and contributions to the safeguard of our American freedoms. Of the patriots attending, Billie Barton served in World War II, Robert Duvall, Francis Figler, Okey Gallien, Walter Kulczycki, Rodney Murphy, Robert Sullivan, and Freddie Wells served in the Korean war, Robert Montgomery served in both the Korean war and the Vietnam war, and 73 served in the Viet-nam war. These men represent our Na-tion’s best, and their sacrifices and valor embody American patriotism. They engaged in combat all over the world and fought in pivotal wars in a critical time for our Nation. Unfortu-nately, as the years go by, we are los-ing so many of our veterans, so we must show them our utmost gratitude each and every day. Showing our appreciation to those who have served is something that we should do each and every day, but today is a special day to pay tribute and thank those who have volunteered to put their lives on the line for our freedoms. The memorials our Honor Flight participants will visit today serve as an important reminder to us all that our freedoms and liberties come at a steep cost. However, I know our veterans will find special meaning and potentially long-lost emotions when they tour such touching sites. Our nation would not enjoy the free-dom and liberty we do today without the commitment and sacrifice of the veterans who have served throughout our history. Their bravery and sacrifice know no bounds, and for this, we are forever grateful. With this week’s Honor Flight Huntington, we celebrate and give thanks for these veterans and all they have done for our country. God bless all our servicemembers and veterans, God bless the great State of West Virginia, and God bless the United States of America.∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING DETROIT DIESEL CORPORATION ∑Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the 80th anniversary of Detroit Diesel Corporation, a sub-sidiary of Daimler Trucks North Amer-ica in Detroit, MI. I appreciate the op-portunity to speak about this truly sig-nificant milestone in the history of the Detroit brand, as well as speak to the importance of this anniversary to the greater legacy of Detroit as the ‘‘Motor City.’’ Established by General Motors in 1938, as the General Motors Diesel Divi-sion, Detroit Diesel produced the com-pany’s flagship engine, the two-cycle Series 71 engine or ‘‘two stroke.’’ The two-stroke engine was introduced as a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE6.045 S12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6138 September 12, 2018 
cylinder inline engine and in a V-con-figuration in 1957. Detroit Diesel played an important role during World War II as an essen-tial contributor in the U.S. ‘‘Arsenal of Democracy,’’ manufacturing engines for the Allied forces. These engines were used for construction equipment, power generation, agriculture, and military operations. In 1955, Detroit Diesel evolved to meet the demands of the commercial trucking market. Introduced in 1957, the Series 53 engine was GM Diesel’s first heavy-duty engine. The powerful Series 53 engine was made for multiple applications in various industries. It has powered the American timber in-dustry, propelling logging skidders through deep, dense woods. The Series 53 became an indispensable tool on con-struction sites all over the United States and around the globe. With greater sophistication and power, building from the simple two-stroke Series 71 of 1938, the Series 53’s heavy- duty capabilities provided operators with the muscle needed to break ground in many infrastructure projects through the United States. The Series 53 engine’s versatility has been trusted for years in the aviation industry to haul packages and tow planes, and has been relied on to safely transport our troops on unforgiving terrain. In 1965, General Motors Detroit Die-sel consolidated into the Detroit Diesel Engine Division and introduced the Se-ries 149 engine, which would be used to power tugboats and mine haul trucks. Over the next 20 years, the Detroit Die-sel Engine Division combined with General Motors’ Allison Division, be-coming the Detroit Diesel Allison Divi-sion. From the mid to late 1960s to the late 1980s, the Detroit Diesel Allison Division would continue to innovate and strengthen its position as a leader in the field. During this time, the divi-sion created and introduced the Series 92, which would increase its capabili-ties in marine transportation. In the 1980s, Detroit Diesel Allison would hit yet another milestone: producing its first four-cylinder engine. In 1987, Detroit Diesel introduced the heavy-duty, four-cylinder Detroit Die-sel Series 60 engine. The Detroit Diesel Series 60 engine is known for its fuel efficiency as a heavy-duty engine. As the company’s namesake, it would be-come one of its most well-known en-gines. In 1987, General Motors partnered with another Michigan brand, Penske Corporation, and created the Detroit Diesel Corporation. As Detroit Diesel Corporation, the company experienced exponential growth in the on-highway market from the late 1980s to the late 1990s, up until Detroit Diesel Corpora-tion was acquired by Daimler Chrysler in 2000, where they became a subsidiary of Daimler Trucks North America LLC. In addition to cementing Michigan as an industry leader throughout the Na-tion and world, Detroit Diesel Corpora-tion, now known as the Detroit brand, powers economic and community de-velopment through its network of more than 800 locations throughout North America. In 2005, Detroit Diesel Cor-poration invested millions of dollars in expanding engine production in Michi-gan through its Renaissance project. The Detroit brand launched another major investment in Detroit in 2012; both initiatives have created thousands of jobs for hard-working families in Michigan. As much as Detroit Diesel Corpora-tion is the Detroit brand, at its very core, it is America’s brand. I applaud its commitment to creating quality cutting-edge technology, ensuring that Michigan, as well as the United States, continues to be at the driver’s seat of innovation as the automotive capital of the world. I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Detroit Die-sel Corporation on its longevity and the immense impact it has made on communities here at home in Michigan and across the country. I wish Detroit Diesel Corporation many more decades of success.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DICK BROWN ∑Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, today I wish to honor my friend Dick Brown, an extraordinary Montanan who has dedicated his life to improving healthcare across Big Sky Country. Dick has shown incredible leadership as president and CEO of the Montana Hospital Association for 11 years, advo-cating at both the State and Federal levels for healthier families and com-munities. Through his 40 years in healthcare, Dick has been on the frontlines to bring positive change to our healthcare system. He has fought for lower costs, better access, stronger healthcare fa-cilities, and improved patient out-comes. He partnered with Montanans across the political spectrum to lead the charge for Medicaid expansion in Montana, which has created jobs, saved the State money, and, most impor-tantly, provided coverage to more than 90,000 Montanans who would have oth-erwise gone without. We also worked together to host the first Rural Health Summit in Montana, which brought together experts from across the country to tackle the unique challenges of providing quality healthcare in frontier communities. Dick’s positive influence on healthcare in Montana is widely felt from Plentywood to Dillon. Dick is an adviser and friend, a moral compass and steady hand, a wise leader and compassionate advocate. Healthcare in Montana, and espe-cially rural Montana, wouldn’t be the same without Dick Brown. His dedica-tion to quality, affordable healthcare for Montanans has been a blessing to our State, and generations of healthier Montanans will stand as a lasting tes-tament to his legacy. On behalf of Montana and this body, we wish him the best in retirement. ∑ REMEMBERING THOMAS C. MANESS ∑Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, today I want to recognize and honor the late Dr. Thomas C. Maness, dean of the Col-lege of Forestry at Oregon State Uni-versity in Corvallis, OR, for his out-standing contributions to forest re-search and his efforts to grow the wood product industry in my State and na-tionwide. Dr. Maness served as dean of Oregon State University’s College of Forestry from 2012 until his death on July 12. He was a visionary leader in my State and was known around the world for his ad-vocacy of science-based management in the stewardship of our lands and re-sources. Under his guidance, the Col-lege of Forestry earned worldwide rec-ognition for its innovative research and is currently the top-ranked pro-gram in the United States and second in the world. Dr. Maness’s leadership has improved the health of our lands, people, businesses, and ecosystems by bringing credible, relevant, and timely information and science to our public and private forest land managers. Prior to arriving at Oregon State University, Dr. Maness worked in both the private and public sectors, logging substantial achievements managing lands in the northwest, honing his scholarship in forest science and engi-neered timber products in both Europe and Canada, even contributing to the research arm of the U.S. Forest Service here in Washington, DC. He spent a decade in the industry as a research en-gineer and founded the Canadian Na-tional Centre of Excellence in Advanc-ing Wood Processing at the University of British Columbia. Working closely with industry, Dr. Maness advanced re-search in sawmill optimization and real-time quality control systems and believed deeply that his research ef-forts should be translated into prac-tical use for professional foresters and manufacturers. Dr. Maness built his career on col-laboration and believed it was key to effective forest management. He worked tirelessly to bridge the urban- rural divide and bring new economic life to our forest-dependent rural com-munities by starting what is now a na-tionwide movement to use mass timber building components such as cross-lam-inated timber in tall buildings. He called it the Forest to Frame move-ment. Dr. Maness truly represents what I call the Oregon Way: bringing everyone together, using science, col-laboration, and cooperation to foster healthy, working landscapes capable of supporting local economies and our strong stewardship values. Healthy forests, people, businesses, and ecosystems are the heart of the Pa-cific Northwest, and Oregonians feel a strong connection to these values. Dr. Maness sought balance between these ideals and provided not only Orego-nians, but the Nation, with sound guid-ance on all matters related to one of our greatest natural resources. Dr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE6.044 S12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6139 September 12, 2018 
Maness will be remembered for his tre-mendous contributions to forest man-agement and science.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Ridgway, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED In executive session the Presiding Of-ficer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations and a withdrawal which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
PRESIDENTIAL MESSAGE 
REPORT RELATIVE TO THE ISSUANCE OF AN EXECUTIVE ORDER DECLARING A NATIONAL EMERGENCY WITH RESPECT TO THE THREAT OF FOREIGN IN-TERFERENCE IN THE UNITED STATES ELECTIONS—PM 47 The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States, together with an accompanying report, which was referred to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: To the Congress of the United States: Pursuant to the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), the National Emergencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.), section 212(f) of the Immigration and Nationality Act of 1952 (8 U.S.C. 1182(f)), and sec-tion 301 of title 3, United States Code, I hereby report that I have issued an Executive Order declaring a national emergency to deal with the threat of foreign interference in United States elections and authorizing the United States Government to impose a range of appropriate and meaningful sanc-tions against foreign individuals and entities determined to have engaged in election interference. Foreign powers have historically sought to exploit America’s free and open political system. In recent years, the proliferation of digital devices and internet-based communications has created significant vulnerabilities and magnified the scope and intensity of the threat of foreign interference. To deal with this threat, I have directed the Director of National Intelligence to conduct regular assessments of any in-formation indicating that foreign elec-tion interference has taken place. I have also directed the Attorney Gen-eral and Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity to conduct evaluations of the ef-fects of any such interference that tar-geted election infrastructure or cam-paign-related infrastructure, and to provide updates and recommendations on appropriate measures to take in re-sponse. In the event foreign election inter-ference is determined to have occurred, the Executive Order provides for the imposition of sanctions on foreign per-sons determined by the Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Secretary of State, to have engaged in, sponsored, concealed, or otherwise been complicit in the interference, as well as other related persons. The Executive Order further directs the Secretary of State and the Sec-retary of the Treasury to develop addi-tional recommended sanctions meas-ures, appropriately calibrated to ac-count for the severity of the inter-ference and any collateral effects on United States and allied financial sta-bility and economic and security inter-ests, targeting companies in significant economic sectors in a country whose government is determined to have en-gaged in or sponsored election inter-ference. I am enclosing a copy of the Execu-tive Order I have issued. D
ONALD J. T RUMP .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , September 12, 2018. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on September 11, 2018, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the House has passed the fol-lowing bill, without amendment: 
S. 994. An act to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for the protection of community centers with religious affili-ation, and for other purposes. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on September 11, 2018, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. M
ITCHELL ) had signed the following en-rolled bill: 
H.R. 6124. An act to amend title II of the Social Security Act to authorize voluntary agreements for coverage of Indian tribal council members, and for other purposes. 
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the en-rolled bill was signed on September 11, 2018, during the adjournment of the Senate, by the Acting President pro tempore (Mr. B
URR). 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE At 3:04 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 6691. An act to amend title 18, United States Code, to clarify the definition of ‘‘crime of violence’’, and for other purposes. At 6:15 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bill, with an amendment, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
S. 2497. An act to amend the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961 and the Arms Export Control Act to make improvements to cer-tain defense and security assistance provi-sions and to authorize the appropriations of funds to Israel, and for other purposes. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bill was read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 6691. An act to amend title 18, United States Code, to clarify the definition of ‘‘crime of violence’’, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–6444. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘2-Propenoic acid, 2-methyl-, 2- oxiranylmethyl ester, polymer with butyl 2- propenoate, ethenylbenzene and 2-ethylhexyl 2-propenoate; Tolerance Exemption’’ (FRL No. 9982–72) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 6, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6445. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Cloquintocet-mexyl; Pesticide Toler-ances’’ (FRL No. 9980–90) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 6, 2018; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6446. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Metschnikowia fructicola strain NRRL Y–27328; Exemption from the Require-ment of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9982–22) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 6, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. EC–6447. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Spiromesifen; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9982–21) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 6, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–6448. A communication from the Regu-lations Management Team Lead , Rural Util-ities Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Announcement Process for Rural Utilities Service Grant Programs’’ (RIN0572–AC39) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 6, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6449. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Commodity Futures Trading 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE6.049 S12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6140 September 12, 2018 
Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Chief Compli-ance Officer Duties and Annual Report Re-quirements for Futures Commission Mer-chants, Swap Dealers, and Major Swap Par-ticipants; Amendments’’ (RIN3038–AE56) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 5, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. EC–6450. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Review Group, Farm Service Agency, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Market Facilitation Pro-gram’’ (RIN0560–AI42) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 10, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–6451. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Specialty Crops Program, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Irish Pota-toes Grown in Colorado; Increased Assess-ment Rate for Area No. 2’’ ((7 CFR Part 948) (Docket No. AMS–SC–18–0022; SC18–984–1 FR)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 6, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6452. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of General John W. Nicholson, United States Army, and his ad-vancement to the grade of general on the re-tired list; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. EC–6453. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting the report of an officer authorized to wear the insignia of the grade of rear admiral (lower half) in ac-cordance with title 10, United States Code, section 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–6454. A communication from the Presi-dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report relative to the con-tinuation of the national emergency with re-spect to the terrorist attacks on the United States of September 11, 2001; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–6455. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to Ukraine that was originally declared in Ex-ecutive Order 13660 of March 6, 2014; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6456. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to per-sons undermining democratic processes or institutions in Zimbabwe that was declared in Executive Order 13288 of March 6, 2003; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6457. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to Ven-ezuela that was originally declared in Execu-tive Order 13692 of March 8, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–6458. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to Iran as declared in Executive Order 12957 of March 15, 1995; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6459. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel, General Law, Ethics, and Regulation, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to a vacancy in the position of Assist-ant Secretary (Financial Institutions), De-partment of the Treasury, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 7, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6460. A communication from the Regu-latory Specialist, Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, Department of the Treas-ury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Expanded Examina-tion Cycle for Certain Small Insured Deposi-tory Institutions and U.S. Branches and Agencies of Foreign Banks’’ (RIN1557–AE37) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 7, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6461. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Addi-tion of Certain Entities to the Entity list, Revision of Entries on the Entity List and Removal of Certain Entities from the Entity List’’ (RIN0694–AH42) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 5, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6462. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revi-sions to the Export Administration Regula-tions Based on the 2017 Missile Technology Control Regime Plenary Agreements’’ (RIN0694–AH46) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 6, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6463. A communication from the Direc-tor of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Li-quidity Coverage Ration Rule: Treatment of Certain Municipal Obligations as High-Qual-ity Liquid Assets’’ (RIN3064–AE77) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 6, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6464. A communication from the Direc-tor of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Ex-panded Examination Cycle for Certain Small Insured Depository Institutions and U.S. Branches and Agencies of Foreign Banks’’ (RIN3064–AE76) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 7, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6465. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval and Air Quality Designation; Florida: Redesignation of the Hillsborough County Lead Nonattainment Area to Attainment’’ (FRL No. 9983–44–Re-gion 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 6, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6466. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; ID, Pinehurst PM10 Redesignation, Limited Maintenance Plan; West Silver Valley 2012 Annual PM2.5 Emission Inventory’’ (FRL No. 9983–53–Re-gion 10) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on September 6, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6467. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; New Hampshire; Single Source Orders and Revisions to Defi-nitions’’ (FRL No. 9982–99–Region 1) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 6, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6468. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; North Carolina: New Source Review for Fine Particulate Matter (PM2.5)’’ (FRL No. 9983–43–Region 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 6, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6469. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Vermont; Infra-structure State Implementation Plan Re-quirements for the 2012 PM2.5 NAAQS’’ (FRL No. 9983–02–Region 1) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 6, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6470. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Virginia; Nonattainment New Source Review Require-ments for the 2008 8-Hour Ozone Standard’’ (FRL No. 9983–33–Region 3) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 6, 2018; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–6471. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Technology Transitions, De-partment of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Report on Tech-nology Transfer and Related Technology Partnering Activities at the National Lab-oratories and Other Facilities for Fiscal Year 2015’’; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–6472. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Implementation of Nonresident Alien Deposit Interest Regula-tions’’ (Rev. Proc. 2018–36) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 6, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6473. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Qualifying Relative and the Exemption Amount’’ (Notice 2018–70) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 6, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–6474. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revenue Proce-dure: Examination of Returns and Claims for Refund, Credit, or Abatement; Determina-tion of Correct Tax Liability’’ (Notice 2018– 68) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 6, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–6475. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel, General Law, Ethics, and Regulation, Department of the Treasury, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE6.016 S12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6141 September 12, 2018 
transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to a vacancy in the position of Assist-ant Secretary (Economic Policy), Depart-ment of the Treasury, received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 7, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6476. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of firearms abroad controlled under Category I of the U.S. Munitions List of Automatic 5.56mm rifles to the UAE in the amount of $1,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 18–024); to the Committee on For-eign Relations. EC–6477. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to Executive Order 13313 of July 31, 2003, a semiannual report detailing telecommuni-cations-related payments made to Cuba pur-suant to Department of the Treasury li-censes; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. EC–6478. A communication from the Stra-tegic Advisor and Director of Congressional Relations and Government Affairs, Office of the Special Inspector General for Afghani-stan Reconstruction, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the Office’s July 2018 quarterly report to Congress (OSS–2018– 1090); to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–6479. A communication from the Archi-vist of the United States, National Archives and Records Administration, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the Ad-ministration’s fiscal year 2018 Commercial Activities Inventory and Inherently Govern-mental Activities Inventory and the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) for the report; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–6480. A communication from the Asso-ciate General Counsel for General Law, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Assistant Sec-retary and Director, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), Department of Homeland Security, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 6, 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–6481. A communication from the Chief Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Removal of Dispute Resolu-tion Pilot Program for Public Assistance Ap-peals’’ ((RIN1660–AA94) (Docket No. FEMA– 2018–0015)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 10, 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–6482. A communication from the Chief of the Regulatory Coordination Division, Citizenship and Immigration Services, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Adjustment to Premium Processing Fee’’ (RIN1615–ZB73) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 5, 2018; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–6483. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Consumer Product Safety Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Standard for Auto-matic Residential Garage Door Operators’’ (RIN3041–AD66) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 27, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6484. A communication from the Pro-gram Analyst, Office of Managing Director, Federal Communications Commission, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Assessment and Collection of Reg-ulatory Fees for Fiscal Year 2018’’ (FCC 18– 126) received during adjournment of the Sen-ate in the Office of the President of the Sen-ate on September 11, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petitions and memo-rials were laid before the Senate and were referred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–299. A joint resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of Illinois memori-alizing its ratification of the proposed Equal Rights Amendment to the Constitution of the United States of America; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. S
ENATE JOINT RESOLUTION CONSTITUTIONAL  A
MENDMENT NO. 4 Whereas, The Ninety-second Congress of the United States of America, at its Second Session, in both houses, by a constitutional majority of two-thirds, adopted the following proposition to amend the Constitution of the United States of America: ‘‘
JOINT RESOLUTION  Resolved by the House of Representatives and Senate of the United States of America in Con-gress assembled (two-thirds of each house con-curring therein), That the following article is proposed as an amendment to the Constitu-tion of the United States, which shall be valid to all intents and purposes as a part of the Constitution when ratified by the legis-latures of three-fourths of the several States within seven years from the date of its sub-mission by the Congress: ‘‘
ARTICLE  Section 1. Equality of rights under the law shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any State on account of sex. Section 2. The Congress shall have the power to enforce, by appropriate legislation, the provisions of this article. Section 3. This amendment shall take ef-fect two years after the date of ratifica-tion.’’’’; and Whereas, A Joint Resolution is a resolu-tion adopted by both houses of the General Assembly and does not require the signature of the Governor; a Joint Resolution is suffi-cient for Illinois’ ratification of an amend-ment to the United States Constitution; and Whereas, The United States Congress has recently adopted the 27th Amendment to the Constitution of the United States, the so- called Madison Amendment, relating to Compensation of Members of Congress; this amendment was proposed 203 years earlier by our First Congress and only recently ratified by three-fourths of the States; the United States Archivist certified the 27th Amend-ment on May 18, 1992; and Whereas, The founders of our nation, James Madison included, did not favor fur-ther restrictions to Article V of the Con-stitution of the United States, the amending procedure; the United States Constitution is harder to amend than any other constitution in history; and Whereas, The restricting time limit for the Equal Rights Amendment ratification is in the resolving clause and is not a part of the amendment proposed by Congress and al-ready ratified by 35 states; and Whereas, Having passed a time extension for the Equal Rights Amendment on October 20, 1978, Congress has demonstrated that a time limit in a resolving clause can be dis-regarded if it is not a part of the proposed amendment; and Whereas, The United States Supreme Court in Coleman v. Miller, 307 U.S. 433, at 456 (1939), recognized that Congress is in a unique position to judge the tenor of the na-tion, to be aware of the political, social, and economic factors affecting the nation, and to be aware of the importance to the nation of the proposed amendment; and Whereas, If an amendment to the Constitu-tion of the United States has been proposed by two-thirds of both houses of Congress and ratified by three-fourths of the state legisla-tures, it is for Congress under the principles of Coleman v. Miller to determine the validity of the state ratifications occurring after a time limit in the resolving clause, but not in the amendment itself; and Whereas, Constitutional equality for women and men continues to be timely in the United States and worldwide, and a num-ber of other nations have achieved constitu-tional equality for their women and men; therefore, be it Resolved, by the Senate of the One Hundredth General Assembly of the State of Illinois, the House of Representatives concurring herein, that the proposed amendment to the Con-stitution of the United States of America set forth in this resolution is ratified; and be it further Resolved, That a certified copy of this reso-lution be forwarded to the Archivist of the United States, the President pro tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives of the Congress of the United States, and each member of the Illi-nois congressional delegation. POM–300. A petition from a citizen of the State of Texas relative to the Medicare Pay-ment Advisory Commission June 2018 report submitted to the United States Congress; to the Committee on Finance. POM–301. A petition from a citizen of the State of Texas relative to national security clearances; to the Select Committee on In-telligence. POM–302. A petition from a citizen of the District of Columbia relative to voting rep-resentatives in the United States Congress; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. SHELBY, from the Committee on Appropriations: Special Report entitled ‘‘Further Revised Allocation to Subcommittees of Budget To-tals for Fiscal Year 2019’’ (Rept. No. 115–337). By Mr. GRASSLEY, from the Committee on the Judiciary, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 2823. A bill to modernize copyright law, and for other purposes. By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: H.R. 4323. A bill to promote veteran in-volvement in STEM education, computer science, and scientific research, and for other purposes. By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, without amendment: H.R. 4467. A bill to require the Federal Air Marshal Service to utilize risk-based strate-gies, and for other purposes. H.R. 4559. A bill to conduct a global avia-tion security review, and for other purposes. f 
EXECUTIVE REPORT OF COMMITTEE—TREATY The following executive report of committee was submitted: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE6.018 S12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6142 September 12, 2018 
By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations: [Treaty Doc. 114–7 U.N. Convention on the Assignment of Receivables in Inter-national Trade with 6 declarations and 5 understandings (Ex. Rept. 115–7)] The text of the committee-recommended resolution of advice and consent to ratifica-tion is as follows: Resolved, (two-thirds of the Senators present concurring therein), Section 1. Senate Advice and Consent Sub-ject to Understandings and Declarations. The Senate advises and consents to the ratification of the United Nations Conven-tion on the Assignment of Receivables in International Trade, done at New York on December 12, 2001, and signed by the United States on December 30, 2003 (the ‘‘Conven-tion’’) (Treaty Doc. 114–7), subject to the un-derstandings of section 2 and the declara-tions of sections 3 and 4. Sec. 2. Understandings. The Senate’s advice and consent under sec-tion 1 is subject to the following under-standings, which shall be included in the in-strument of ratification: (1) It is the understanding of the United States that paragraph (2)(e) of Article 4 ex-cludes from the scope of the Convention the assignment of— (A) receivables that are securities, regard-less of whether such securities are held with an intermediary; and (B) receivables that are not securities, but are financial assets or instruments, if such financial assets or instruments are held with an intermediary. (2) It is the understanding of the United States that the phrase ‘‘that place where the central administration of the assignor or the assignee is exercised,’’ as used in Articles 5(h) and 36 of the Convention, has a meaning equivalent to the phrase, ‘‘that place where the chief executive office of the assignor or assignee is located.’’ (3) It is the understanding of the United States that the reference, in the definition of ‘‘financial contract’’ in Article 5(k), to ‘‘any other transaction similar to any transaction referred to above entered into in financial markets’’ is intended to include transactions that are or become the subject of recurrent dealings in financial markets and under which payment rights are determined by ref-erence to— (A) underlying asset classes; or (B) quantitative measures of economic or financial risk or value associated with an oc-currence or contingency. Examples are transactions under which payment rights are determined by reference to weather statis-tics, freight rates, emissions allowances, or economic statistics. (4) It is the understanding of the United States that because the Convention applies only to ‘‘receivables,’’ which are defined in Article 2(a) as contractual rights to payment of a monetary sum, the Convention does not apply to other rights of a party to a license of intellectual property or an assignment or other transfer of an interest in intellectual property or other types of interests that are not a contractual right to payment of a mon-etary sum. (5) The United States understands that, with respect to Article 24 of the Convention, the Article requires a Contracting State to provide a certain minimum level of rights to an assignee with respect to proceeds, but that it does not prohibit Contracting States from providing additional rights in such pro-ceeds to such an assignee. Sec. 3. Declarations to be Included in the Instrument of Ratification. The Senate’s advice and consent under sec-tion 1 is subject to the following declara-tions, which shall be included in the instru-ment of ratification: (1) Pursuant to Article 23(3), the United States declares that, in an insolvency pro-ceeding of the assignor, the insolvency laws of the United States or its territorial units may under some circumstances— (A) result in priority over the rights of an assignee being given to a lender extending credit to the insolvency estate, or to an in-solvency administrator that expends funds of the insolvency estate for the preservation of the assigned receivables (see, for example, title 11 of the United States Code, sections 364(d) and 506(c)); or (B) subject the assignment of receivables to avoidance rules, such as those dealing with preferences, undervalued transactions and transactions intended to defeat, delay, or hinder creditors of the assignor. (2) Pursuant to Article 36 of the Conven-tion, the United States declares that, with respect to an assignment of receivables gov-erned by enactments of Article 9 of the Uni-form Commercial Code, as adopted in one of its territorial units, if an assignor’s location pursuant to Article 5(h) of the Convention is the United States and, under the location rules contained in section 9–307 of the Uni-form Commercial Code, as adopted in that territorial unit, the assignor is located in a territorial unit of the United States, that territorial unit is the location of the as-signor for purposes of this Convention. (3) Pursuant to Article 37 of the Conven-tion, the United States declares that any ref-erence in the Convention to the law of the United States means the law in force in the territorial unit thereof determined in ac-cordance with Article 36 and the Article 5(h) definition of location. However, to the extent under the conflict-of-laws rules in force in that territorial unit, a particular matter would be governed by the law in force in a different territorial unit of the United States, the reference to ‘‘law of the United States’’ with respect to that matter is to the law in force in the different territorial unit. The conflict-of-laws rules referred to in the preceding sentence refer primarily to the conflict-of-laws rules in section 9–301 of the Uniform Commercial Code as enacted in each State of the United States. (4) Pursuant to Article 39 of the Conven-tion, the United States declares that it will not be bound by chapter V of the Convention. (5) Pursuant to Article 40, the United States declares that the Convention does not affect contractual anti-assignment provi-sions where the debtor is a governmental en-tity or an entity constituted for a public purpose in the United States. Sec. 4. Self-Execution Declaration. The Senate’s advice and consent under sec-tion 1 is subject to the following declaration: This Convention is self-executing. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. MERKLEY (for himself, Mr. W
YDEN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. B EN-
NET, Mr. V ANHOLLEN , and Mr. K ING): S. 3427. A bill to effectively staff the public elementary schools and secondary schools of the United States with school-based mental health services providers; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. MARKEY (for himself and Mr. H
ATCH ): S. 3428. A bill to amend the Controlled Sub-stances Act to require warning labels for pre-scription opioids, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. CARPER , Mr. N ELSON , and Mr. C ASEY ): S. 3429. A bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to issue guid-ance to States to improve care for infants with neonatal abstinence syndrome and their mothers and fathers or guardians under Med-icaid; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. DAINES (for himself and Mr. T
ESTER ): S. 3430. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to provide for the treatment of certain seasonal airports; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. PERDUE (for himself, Mr. C
RUZ, and Mr. R UBIO): S. 3431. A bill to impose sanctions with re-spect to certain militias in Iraq that are backed by the Government of Iran; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Ms. DUCKWORTH: S. 3432. A bill to direct the Secretary of Transportation to issue rules requiring the inclusion of new safety equipment in school buses, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. By Mr. TOOMEY: S. 3433. A bill to exempt firefighters and police officers from the Government Pension Offset and Windfall Elimination Provisions under the Social Security Act; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Ms. SMITH (for herself and Mr. C
AS-
SIDY): S. 3434. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for grants to enable States to carry out activities to reduce ad-ministrative costs and burdens in health care; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. SCHATZ (for himself, Mr. D
UR-
BIN, Mr. B OOKER , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. M
URPHY , Ms. W ARREN , Ms. B ALD-
WIN, Ms. H ARRIS , and Ms. C ORTEZ  M
ASTO ): S. 3435. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to direct the Secretary of Education to issue guidance and rec-ommendations for institutions of higher edu-cation on removing criminal and juvenile justice questions from their application for admissions process; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Ms. W
ARREN , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Ms. B ALD-
WIN, Ms. H EITKAMP , Ms. H IRONO , Ms. S
TABENOW , Ms. C ANTWELL , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Ms. H ASSAN , Ms. C ORTEZ  M
ASTO , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Ms. S MITH, Mrs. M
CCASKILL , and Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN ): S. 3436. A bill to amend the Employee Re-tirement Income Security Act of 1974 to pro-vide for greater spousal protection under de-fined contribution plans, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. PETERS (for himself and Mr. H
OEVEN ): S. 3437. A bill to establish a Federal rota-tional cyber workforce program for the Fed-eral cyber workforce; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ): S. 3438. A bill to require the Director of the Government Publishing Office to establish and maintain a website accessible to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE6.035 S12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6143 September 12, 2018 
public that allows the public to obtain elec-tronic copies of all congressionally man-dated reports in one place, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. GRAHAM (for himself and Mr. S
COTT): S. 3439. A bill to redesignate the Recon-struction Era National Monument as the Re-construction Era National Historical Park, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Ms. C OL-
LINS, Mr. K ING, Mr. B ROWN , Mr. M AR-
KEY, Mr. M URPHY , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Ms. W
ARREN , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. J ONES , Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Mr. C ASEY , Ms. B
ALDWIN , and Mr. D ONNELLY ): S. Res. 625. A resolution designating the week beginning September 9, 2018, as ‘‘Na-tional Direct Support Professionals Recogni-tion Week’’; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mrs. M
UR-
RAY, Ms. H ARRIS , Mr. U DALL , Mr. C
OONS , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. S
ANDERS , Mr. B ROWN , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. B
ENNET , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. V AN H
OLLEN , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. C ARPER , Ms. S
MITH, and Mr. B OOKER ): S. Res. 626. A resolution designating Sep-tember 2018 as ‘‘National Voting Rights Month’’; to the Committee on Rules and Ad-ministration. By Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON ): S. Res. 627. A resolution designating Sep-tember 2018 as ‘‘National Spinal Cord Injury Awareness Month’’; considered and agreed to. By Mr. M
CCONNELL (for himself and Mr. S
CHUMER ): S. Res. 628. A resolution to authorize docu-ment production by the Select Committee on Intelligence in United States v. Paul J. Manafort, Jr. (D.D.C.); considered and agreed to. By Mr. SHELBY: S. Con. Res. 46. A concurrent resolution di-recting the Clerk of the House of Representa-tives to make a correction in the enrollment of H.R. 5895; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 635 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the names of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ), the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ), the Sen-ator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ), the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLI-
BRAND ), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) and the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 635, a bill to amend title 28, United States Code, to prohibit the exclusion of individuals from serv-ice on a Federal jury on account of sex-ual orientation or gender identity. 
S. 732 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 732, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow a refundable tax credit against income tax for the purchase of qualified access technology for the blind. S. 796 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the names of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ), the Senator from Mas-sachusetts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) and the Sen-ator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) were added as cosponsors of S. 796, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the exclusion for employer-provided education assist-ance to employer payments of student loans. 
S. 797 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 797, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to make per-manent the Volunteer Income Tax As-sistance matching grant program. 
S. 835 
At the request of Mr. M URPHY , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 835, a bill to require the Supreme Court of the United States to promulgate a code of ethics. 
S. 1112 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1112, a bill to support States in their work to save and sus-tain the health of mothers during preg-nancy, childbirth, and in the postpartum period, to eliminate dis-parities in maternal health outcomes for pregnancy-related and pregnancy- associated deaths, to identify solutions to improve health care quality and health outcomes for mothers, and for other purposes. 
S. 1143 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the names of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ), the Senator from Illi-nois (Mr. D
URBIN ), the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ), the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) and the Sen-ator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1143, a bill to amend the Equal Credit Opportunity Act to prohibit discrimination on ac-count of sexual orientation or gender identity when extending credit. 
S. 1164 
At the request of Mr. D AINES , the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1164, a bill to protect consumers from deceptive practices with respect to on-line booking of hotel reservations, and for other purposes. 
S. 1328 
At the request of Mr. K AINE, the names of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ), the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ), the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ), the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1328, a bill to extend the protections of the Fair Housing Act to persons suffering discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity, and for other purposes. S. 1503 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1503, a bill to require the Sec-retary of the Treasury to mint coins in recognition of the 60th anniversary of the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame. 
S. 1539 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1539, a bill to protect victims of stalking from gun violence. 
S. 2006 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2006, a bill to require breast density re-porting to physicians and patients by facilities that perform mammograms, and for other purposes. 
S. 2038 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2038, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for a presumption of herbicide exposure for certain veterans who served in Korea, and for other purposes. 
S. 2072 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2072, a bill to amend the Toxic Substances Control Act to re-quire the Administrator of the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency to take action to eliminate human exposure to asbestos, and for other purposes. 
S. 2076 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2076, a bill to amend the Pub-lic Health Service Act to authorize the expansion of activities related to Alz-heimer’s disease, cognitive decline, and brain health under the Alzheimer’s Dis-ease and Healthy Aging Program, and for other purposes. 
S. 2164 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2164, a bill to amend the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974 respecting the scoring of preventive health sav-ings. 
S. 2208 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2208, a bill to provide for the issuance of an Alzheimer’s Disease Research Semipostal Stamp. 
S. 2313 
At the request of Mr. V ANHOLLEN , the names of the Senator from Min-nesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) and the Sen-ator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) were 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE6.015 S12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6144 September 12, 2018 
added as cosponsors of S. 2313, a bill to deter foreign interference in United States elections, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2317 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2317, a bill to amend the Con-trolled Substances Act to provide for additional flexibility with respect to medication-assisted treatment for opioid use disorders, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2554 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) and the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2554, a bill to ensure that health insurance issuers and group health plans do not prohibit pharmacy providers from providing certain information to enrollees. 
S. 2568 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2568, a bill to amend section 5000A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide an additional religious exemp-tion from the individual health cov-erage mandate, and for other purposes. 
S. 2572 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the names of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ), the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) and the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2572, a bill to amend the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to address and take action to prevent bullying and harassment of students. 
S. 2578 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2578, a bill to amend title 13, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Commerce to provide advanced no-tice to Congress before changing any questions on the decennial census, and for other purposes. 
S. 2584 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2584, a bill to end discrimina-tion based on actual or perceived sex-ual orientation or gender identity in public schools, and for other purposes. 
S. 2680 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the names of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ), the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. H
ASSAN ), the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ), the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) and the Senator from Cali-fornia (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2680, a bill to address the opioid crisis. 
S. 2785 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the names of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. BLUMENTHAL ) and the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2785, a bill to designate foreign persons who improperly inter-fere in United States elections as inad-missible aliens, and for other purposes. 
S. 2823 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the names of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ), the Senator from Mon-tana (Mr. T
ESTER ), the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ), the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) and the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ON-
NELLY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2823, a bill to modernize copyright law, and for other purposes. 
S. 2852 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2852, a bill to reauthorize certain pro-grams under the Pandemic and All- Hazards Preparedness Reauthorization Act. 
S. 2902 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2902, a bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to fa-cilitate Medicaid access to State pre-scription drug monitoring programs, and for other purposes. 
S. 2905 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2905, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for certain integrity trans-parency measures under Medicare parts C and D. 
S. 2909 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2909, a bill to require the Comptroller General of the United States to study and report on State Medicaid agencies’ options related to the distribution of substance use dis-order treatment medications under the Medicaid program. 
S. 2911 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2911, a bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices to provide guidance to States re-garding Medicaid items and services for non-opioid pain treatment and management. 
S. 2912 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2912, a bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices to publish data related to the prev-alence of substance use disorders in the Medicaid beneficiary population and the treatment of substance use dis-orders under Medicaid, and for other purposes. S. 2918 
At the request of Ms. H ARRIS , the names of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ), the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ), the Sen-ator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ), the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) and the Senator from Dela-ware (Mr. C
ARPER ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2918, a bill to amend the Religious Freedom Restoration Act of 1993 to protect civil rights and other-wise prevent meaningful harm to third parties, and for other purposes. 
S. 2921 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2921, a bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to help ensure coverage of inpatient treatment services furnished in institutions for mental disease. 
S. 2961 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2961, a bill to reauthorize subtitle A of the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990. 
S. 2971 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2971, a bill to amend the Animal Welfare Act to prohibit animal fighting in the United States territories. 
S. 3020 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3020, a bill to establish in the Bu-reau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor of the Department of State a Special Envoy for the Human Rights of LGBTI Peoples, and for other purposes. 
S. 3032 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3032, a bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to provide for a new rule regarding the applica-tion of the Act to marihuana, and for other purposes. 
S. 3057 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the names of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) and the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3057, a bill to provide for the processing by U.S. Customs and Border Protection of certain inter-national mail shipments and to require the provision of advance electronic in-formation on international mail ship-ments of mail. 
S. 3135 
At the request of Mrs. H YDE-SMITH, the name of the Senator from Mis-sissippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3135, a bill to prohibit Federal funding of State firearm own-ership databases, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 3151 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the name of the Senator from New Mexico 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE6.025 S12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6145 September 12, 2018 
(Mr. U DALL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3151, a bill to secure the rights of public employees to organize, act concertedly, and bargain collectively, which safeguard the public interest and promote the free and unobstructed flow of commerce, and for other purposes. 
S. 3170 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3170, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to make certain changes to the reporting requirement of certain service providers regarding child sex-ual exploitation visual depictions, and for other purposes. 
S. 3178 
At the request of Ms. H ARRIS , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3178, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to specify lynching as a deprivation of civil rights, and for other purposes. 
S. 3247 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3247, a bill to improve programs and ac-tivities relating to women’s entrepre-neurship and economic empowerment that are carried out by the United States Agency for International Devel-opment, and for other purposes. 
S. 3257 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the names of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ), the Senator from Mis-souri (Mr. B
LUNT ), the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ), the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ), the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ), the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ), the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) and the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3257, a bill to impose sanctions on for-eign persons responsible for serious violations of international law regard-ing the protection of civilians during armed conflict, and for other purposes. 
S. 3290 
At the request of Mr. C OTTON , the names of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) and the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3290, a bill to re-quire the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in commemoration of the centennial of the establishment of the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier. 
S. 3298 
At the request of Mr. D AINES , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 3298, a bill to extend the au-thority of the Vietnam Veterans Me-morial Fund, Inc., to establish a visitor center for the Vietnam Veterans Me-morial. 
S. 3321 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3321, a bill to award Congressional Gold Medals to Katherine Johnson and Dr. Christine Darden and to post-humously award Congressional Gold Medals to Dorothy Vaughan and Mary Jackson in recognition of their con-tributions to the success of the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Adminis-tration during the Space Race. S. 3352 
At the request of Mr. Y OUNG , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 3352, a bill to direct the Sec-retary of Transportation to issue regu-lations relating to commercial motor vehicle drivers under the age of 21, and for other purposes. 
S. 3354 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3354, a bill to amend the Missing Chil-dren’s Assistance Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 3419 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3419, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to extend authorities re-lating to homeless veterans, and for other purposes. 
S. CON. RES. 7 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. Con. Res. 7, a concurrent reso-lution expressing the sense of Congress that tax-exempt fraternal benefit soci-eties have historically provided and continue to provide critical benefits to the people and communities of the United States. 
S. RES. 481 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 481, a resolution calling upon the leadership of the Government of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea to dismantle its labor camp system, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 610 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from Massa-chusetts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 610, a resolution urging the release of information re-garding the September 11, 2001, ter-rorist attacks upon the United States. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 625—DESIG-NATING THE WEEK BEGINNING SEPTEMBER 9, 2018, AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL DIRECT SUPPORT PRO-FESSIONALS RECOGNITION WEEK’’ Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Ms. C
OL-
LINS, Mr. K ING, Mr. B ROWN , Mr. M AR-
KEY, Mr. M URPHY , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Ms. W
ARREN , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. J ONES , Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Mr. C ASEY , Ms. B ALD-WIN, and Mr. D ONNELLY ) submitted the following resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on the Judici-ary: 
S. R ES. 625 Whereas direct support professionals, in-cluding direct care workers, personal assist-ants, personal attendants, in-home support workers, and paraprofessionals, are key to providing publicly funded, long-term support and services for millions of individuals with disabilities; Whereas direct support professionals pro-vide essential support that ensures that indi-viduals with disabilities are— (1) included as a valued part of the commu-nity of the individual; (2) supported at home, at work, and in the communities of the United States; and (3) empowered to live with the dignity that all people of the United States deserve; Whereas all communities have a stake in ensuring that individuals with disabilities thrive through the connections of the indi-viduals to their families, friends, and com-munities, fostered by the direct support pro-fessionals of those individuals, so as to avoid more costly institutional care; Whereas direct support professionals sup-port individuals with disabilities by helping those individuals make person-centered choices that lead to meaningful, productive lives; Whereas direct support professionals must build close, respectful, and trusting relation-ships with individuals with disabilities; Whereas direct support professionals pro-vide a broad range of individualized support to individuals with disabilities, including— (1) assisting with the preparation of meals; (2) helping with medication; (3) assisting with bathing, dressing, and other aspects of daily living; (4) assisting with access to the environ-ment of the individuals; (5) providing transportation to school, work, religious, and recreational activities; and (6) helping with general daily affairs, such as assisting with financial matters, medical appointments, and personal interests; Whereas there is a documented critical and increasing shortage of direct support profes-sionals throughout the United States; Whereas direct support professionals are a critical element in supporting— (1) individuals who are receiving health care services for severe chronic health condi-tions and individuals with functional limita-tions; and (2) the successful transition of individuals from medical events to post-acute care and long-term support and services; Whereas many direct support professionals are the primary financial providers for their families; Whereas direct support professionals are hardworking, taxpaying citizens who provide an important service to people with disabil-ities in the United States, yet many con-tinue to earn low wages, receive inadequate benefits, and have limited opportunities for advancement, resulting in high turnover and vacancy rates that adversely affect the qual-ity of support, safety, and health of individ-uals with disabilities; Whereas the Supreme Court of the United States, in Olmstead v. L.C. by Zimring, 527 U.S. 581 (June 22, 1999)— (1) recognized the importance of the dein-stitutionalization of, and community-based services for, individuals with disabilities; and (2) held that, under the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S. 12101 et seq.), a State must provide community-based serv-ices to persons with intellectual and develop-mental disabilities if— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE6.027 S12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6146 September 12, 2018 
(A) the community-based services are ap-propriate; (B) the affected person does not oppose receiving the community-based services; and (C) the community-based services can be reasonably accommodated after the com-munity has taken into account the re-sources available to the State and the needs of other individuals with disabilities in the State; and Whereas, in 2018, the majority of direct support professionals are employed in home- and community-based settings and that trend will increase over the next decade: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates the week beginning Sep-tember 9, 2018, as ‘‘National Direct Support Professionals Recognition Week’’; (2) recognizes the dedication and vital role of direct support professionals in enhancing the lives of individuals with disabilities of all ages; (3) appreciates the contribution of direct support professionals in supporting individ-uals with disabilities and their families in the United States; (4) commends direct support professionals for being integral to the provision of long- term support and services for individuals with disabilities; (5) encourages the Bureau of Labor Statis-tics of the Department of Labor to collect data specific to direct support professionals; and (6) finds that the successful implementa-tion of the public policies affecting individ-uals with disabilities in the United States depends on the dedication of direct support professionals. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I rise today with my colleagues Senators C
OLLINS , KING, BROWN , MARKEY , MUR-
PHY, MENENDEZ , WARREN , KLOBUCHAR , B
LUMENTHAL , HASSAN , JONES , VANHOL-
LEN, CASEY , BALDWIN , and D ONNELLY to recognize the week beginning Sep-tember 9th, 2018 as National Direct Support Professionals Recognition Week. Direct Support Professionals are an invaluable part of our Nation’s health care system, caring for the most vulnerable Americans, including the chronically ill, seniors, and those liv-ing with a disability. With the help of Direct Support Professionals, these in-dividuals can perform daily activities that many people take for granted, such as eating, bathing, dressing, and leaving the house. The work of Direct Support Professionals ensures that these individuals can be active partici-pants in their communities. Let me share with you the experience of Euricka Stevens, a direct support professional who was recognized this year for her incredible work and dedi-cation when she was given Maryland’s Direct Support Professional, DSP, of the Year Award by the American Net-work of Community Options and Re-sources, ANCOR. It was said of Euricka that she, ‘‘doesn’t see limitations or disabilities. She sees a person for their distinctive collection of traits and strengths and frailties and meets them there. She listens to the person and has an uncanny knack for unearthing what makes them remarkable.’’ For example, there was an instance where a non-verbal individual was ex-periencing distress. Euricka was able to patiently determine that he was bothered by noise and calmed by sit-ting in a recliner. Because of her ef-forts, this individual is now able to participate in the life of the center, and have his needs taken care of if he is showing signs of discomfort. As Euricka’s story demonstrates, the job of a direct support professional is not easy. The hours are often long, and the wages are low. The job can be phys-ically laborious, as well as emotionally draining. The reward for direct support professionals, however, is that they are able to improve the lives of individuals with disabilities and help fulfill the promise of the Americans with Disabil-ities Act by making it possible for these Americans to participate in their communities to the fullest extent pos-sible. In our Nation, we are incredibly for-tunate to have millions of service-ori-ented individuals who are willing to rise to the task of becoming a Direct Support Professional. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, the em-ployment of DSPs is projected to grow by an average of 26 percent from 2014 to 2024, compared to a 7 percent average growth rate for all occupations during that period. Unfortunately, direct sup-port professionals are often forced to leave the jobs they love due to low wages and excessive, difficult, work hours. Many Direct Support Profes-sionals rely on public benefits, and some must work multiple jobs in order to provide for themselves and their families. Now, more than ever, it is im-perative that we work to ensure that these hard-working individuals have the income and emotional support they need and deserve. I urge my colleagues to join me and Senators C
OLLINS , KING, BROWN , MAR-
KEY, M URPHY , M ENENDEZ , W ARREN , K
LOBUCHAR , B LUMENTHAL , H ASSAN , J
ONES , VANHOLLEN , CASEY , BALDWIN , and D
ONNELLY in expressing our appre-ciation for the critically important work of our country’s Direct Support Professionals, in thanking them for their commitment and dedication, and in supporting the resolution desig-nating the week beginning September 9, 2018, as National Direct Support Pro-fessionals Recognition Week. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 626—DESIG-NATING SEPTEMBER 2018 AS ‘‘NATIONAL VOTING RIGHTS MONTH’’ Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mrs. M
UR-
RAY, Ms. H ARRIS , Mr. U DALL , Mr. C
OONS , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. S
ANDERS , Mr. B ROWN , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. B
ENNET , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. C ARPER , Ms. S MITH, and Mr. B
OOKER ) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Rules and Admin-istration: 
S. R ES. 626 Whereas voting is one of the single most important rights that can be exercised in a democracy; Whereas over the course of history, various voter suppression laws in the United States have hindered, and even prohibited, certain individuals and groups from exercising the right to vote; Whereas during the 19th and early 20th centuries, Native Americans and people who were born to United States citizens abroad, people who spoke a language other than English, and people who were formerly sub-jected to slavery were denied full citizenship and prevented from voting by English lit-eracy tests; Whereas from 1954 to 1968, minority groups such as African Americans in the South suf-fered from the oppressive effects of Jim Crow laws designed to prevent political, economic, and social mobility; Whereas African Americans, Latinos, Asian Americans, Native Americans, and other underrepresented voters were subject to violence at polling stations, poll taxes, literacy tests, all-White primaries, property ownership tests, grandfather clauses, voter roll purges, and laws that prevented former prisoners from voting; Whereas Congress passed the Voting Rights Act of 1965 (52 U.S.C. 10301 et seq.) to protect the rights of African Americans and other traditionally disenfranchised groups to vote; Whereas in 2013, the Supreme Court invali-dated section 4 of the Voting Rights Act of 1965, dismantling the preclearance formula provision in that Act that protected voters in States that historically have suppressed the right of minorities to vote; Whereas, since the invalidation of the preclearance formula provisions of the Vot-ing Rights Act of 1965, gerrymandered dis-tricts in many States have gone unchal-lenged or have become less likely to be in-validated by the courts; Whereas gerrymandering has a discrimina-tory impact on traditionally disenfranchised minorities, including by— (1) diluting the voting power of minorities across many districts (known as ‘‘crack-ing’’); and (2) concentrating the voting power of mi-norities in 1 district to reduce the voting power of minorities in other districts (known as ‘‘packing’’); Whereas the courts have found that the congressional and, in some cases, State leg-islative district maps, in Texas, North Caro-lina, Florida, and Wisconsin were gerry-mandered with the intent of interfering with the constitutional right to vote; Whereas the decision of the Supreme Court of the United States in Shelby County v. Holder, 570 U.S. 529 (2013), calls on Congress to fix the formula in the Voting Rights Act of 1965; Whereas some form of a restrictive voting law has been instituted in 33 States since 2013; Whereas restrictive voting laws have re-sulted in cutbacks in early voting, voter roll purges, placement of faulty equipment in mi-nority communities, a requirement of photo identification, the procurement of which amounts to a modern day poll tax, and the elimination of same-day registration; Whereas more than 80,000,000 minority, el-derly, poor, and disabled voters could be disenfranchised by restrictive voting laws; Whereas in 2016, discriminatory laws in North Carolina, Wisconsin, North Dakota, and Texas have been ruled unconstitutional and overturned by the courts; Whereas there are local elected officials who refuse to adhere to Federal court deci-sions that have struck down suppressive vot-ing laws instituted since Shelby County v. Holder; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE6.019 S12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6147 September 12, 2018 
Whereas there is much more work to be done to ensure all citizens of the United States have the right to vote; Whereas ‘‘National Voter Registration Day’’ is September 25; and Whereas the month of September is an ap-propriate month to designate as ‘‘National Voting Rights Month’’: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the designation of September 2018 as ‘‘National Voting Rights Month’’; (2) encourages all people in the United States to uphold the right of every citizen to exercise the sacred and fundamental right to vote; and (3) to further the mission of allowing all citizens to vote, supports the following ac-tions: (A) The development by public schools and universities of an academic curriculum that educates students about— (i) the importance of voting, how to reg-ister to vote, where to vote, and the different forms of voting; (ii) the history of voter suppression in the United States before the passage of the Vot-ing Rights Act of 1965 (52 U.S.C. 10301 et seq.); (iii) current issues relating to laws passed after 1965 that restrict the right to vote; and (iv) the actions taken by State and Federal Government officials since passage of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 that have created barriers to the exercise of the right to vote. (B) During the month of September, the issuance of a special Fannie Lou Hamer stamp by the Postmaster General of the United States Postal Service to remind peo-ple in the United States that ordinary citi-zens risked their lives, marched, and partici-pated in the great democracy of the United States so that all citizens would have the fundamental right to vote. (C) The allocation of requisite funds by Congress for public service announcements— (i) to remind people in the United States when elections are being held and urge peo-ple to vote; and (ii) through various forms of media, includ-ing television, radio, newspapers, magazines, social media, billboards, and buses. (D) The passage of legislation by Congress to allow any citizen to be automatically reg-istered to vote in Federal elections when that citizen reaches the age of 18 years. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 627—DESIG-NATING SEPTEMBER 2018 AS ‘‘NATIONAL SPINAL CORD IN-JURY AWARENESS MONTH’’ Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mr. N
EL-
SON) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 627 Whereas more than 288,000 individuals in the United States live with spinal cord inju-ries, which cost society billions of dollars in health care costs and lost wages; Whereas there are approximately 17,700 new spinal cord injuries in the United States each year; Whereas more than 42,000 victims of spinal cord injuries are veterans who suffered a spi-nal cord injury while serving in the Armed Forces; Whereas motor vehicle accidents are the leading cause of spinal cord injuries and the third leading cause of traumatic brain inju-ries; Whereas more than 50 percent of all spinal cord injuries to children under the age of 18 occur as a result of motor vehicle accidents; Whereas there is an urgent need to develop new neuroprotection, pharmacological, and regeneration treatments to reduce, prevent, and reverse paralysis; and Whereas increased education and invest-ment in research are key factors in improv-ing outcomes for victims of spinal cord inju-ries, improving the quality of life of victims of spinal cord injuries, and ultimately curing paralysis: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates September 2018 as ‘‘National Spinal Cord Injury Awareness Month’’; (2) supports the goals and ideals of Na-tional Spinal Cord Injury Awareness Month; (3) continues to support research to find better treatments, therapies, and a cure for spinal cord injuries; (4) supports clinical trials for new thera-pies that offer promise and hope to individ-uals living with paralysis; and (5) commends the dedication of national, regional, and local organizations, research-ers, doctors, volunteers, and people across the United States that are working to im-prove the quality of life of individuals living with spinal cord injuries and their families. f SENATE RESOLUTION 628—TO AU-THORIZE DOCUMENT PRODUC-TION BY THE SELECT COM-MITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE IN UNITED STATES V. PAUL J. MANAFORT, JR. (D.D.C.) Mr. M
CCONNELL (for himself and Mr. S
CHUMER ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 628 Whereas, the prosecution in United States v. Paul J. Manafort, Jr., Cr. No. 17–201, currently pending in the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, has requested a copy of a transcript of an interview of W. Samuel Patten conducted by the Select Committee on Intelligence; Whereas, by the privileges of the Senate of the United States and Rule XI of the Stand-ing Rules of the Senate, no evidence under the control or in the possession of the Senate can, by administrative or judicial process, be taken from such control or possession but by permission of the Senate; Whereas, when it appears that documents, papers, and records under the control or in the possession of the Senate may promote the administration of justice, the Senate will take such action as will promote the ends of justice consistent with the privileges of the Senate: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Chairman and Vice Chairman of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, acting jointly, are author-ized to provide to the prosecution in United States v. Paul J. Manafort, Jr., under appro-priate security procedures, a copy of the transcript of the Committee’s interview of W. Samuel Patten and exhibits referenced in the interview. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, on behalf of myself and the distinguished Democratic leader, Mr. S
CHUMER , I send to the desk a resolution on docu-mentary production by the Select Com-mittee on Intelligence, and ask for its immediate consideration. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, the Select Committee on Intelligence has received a request from the Depart-ment of Justice in a pending criminal case against Paul J. Manafort, Jr., for a copy of a transcript of an interview that the Committee staff conducted of a witness named W. Samuel Patten in January 2018. In response to this request, this reso-lution would authorize the Chairman and Vice Chairman of the Select Com-mittee on Intelligence, acting jointly, to provide a copy of the interview tran-script, under appropriate security pro-cedures, to the prosecution, which in-tends to share it with the defense under a protective order entered in the case. f 
SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-TION 46—DIRECTING THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTA-TIVES TO MAKE A CORRECTION IN THE ENROLLMENT OF H.R. 5895 Mr. SHELBY submitted the following concurrent resolution; which was con-sidered and agreed to: 
S. C ON. RES. 46 Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), That, in the enroll-ment of the bill H.R. 5895, the Clerk of the House of Representatives shall make the fol-lowing correction to the title so as to read: ‘‘Making consolidated appropriations for En-ergy and Water Development, the Legisla-tive Branch, Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes.’’. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 4015. Mr. FLAKE (for Ms. D UCKWORTH ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 1050, to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collec-tively, to the Chinese-American Veterans of World War II, in recognition of their dedi-cated service during World War II. SA 4016. Mr. FLAKE (for Mr. A
LEXANDER ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 3029, to revise and extend the Prematurity Research Expansion and Education for Mothers who deliver Infants Early Act (PREEMIE Act). f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 4015. Mr. FLAKE (for Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 1050, to award a Congres-sional Gold Medal, collectively, to the Chinese-American Veterans of World War II, in recognition of their dedi-cated service during World War II; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Chinese- American World War II Veteran Congres-sional Gold Medal Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds that— (1) Chinese Americans served the United States in every conflict since the Civil War, and distinguished themselves in World War II, serving in every theater of war and every branch of service, earning citations for their heroism and honorable service, including the Medal of Honor; (2) Chinese nationals and Chinese Ameri-cans faced institutional discrimination in the United States since before World War II, limiting the size of their population and their ability to build thriving communities in the United States; (3) the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to execute cer-tain treaty stipulations relating to Chinese’’, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE6.031 S12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6148 September 12, 2018 
approved May 6, 1882 (commonly known as the ‘‘Chinese Exclusion Act of 1882’’) (22 Stat. 58, chapter 126), was the first Federal law that broadly restricted immigration and a specific nationality, making it illegal for Chinese laborers to immigrate to the United States and limiting the Chinese population in the United States for over 60 years; (4) major court decisions such as the deci-sions in Lum v. Rice, 275 U.S. 78 (1927), and People v. Hall, 4 Cal. 399 (1854), found ‘‘yel-low’’ races to be equal to African Americans with regard to ‘‘separate but equal’’ school facilities, and prohibited Chinese Americans, along with ‘‘Black, mulatto, or Indian’’ per-sons, from testifying against White men; (5) Chinese Americans were harassed, beat-en, and murdered because of their ethnicity, including the Chinese Massacre of 1871, where 17 Chinese immigrants in Los Angeles, California, were tortured and murdered, the Rock Springs Massacre of 1885 where White rioters killed 28 Chinese miners and burned 75 of their homes in Rock Springs, Wyoming, and the Hells Canyon Massacre of 1887 where 34 Chinese gold miners were ambushed and murdered in Hells Canyon, Oregon; (6) there were only 78,000 Chinese Ameri-cans living on the United States mainland, with 29,000 living in Hawaii, at the start of World War II as result of Federal and State legislation and judicial decisions; (7) despite the anti-Chinese discrimination at the time, as many as 20,000 Chinese Amer-icans served in the Armed Forces during World War II, of whom, approximately 40 percent were not United States citizens due to the laws that denied citizenship to per-sons of Chinese descent; (8) Chinese Americans, although small in numbers, made important contributions to the World War II effort; (9) of the total Chinese Americans serving, approximately 25 percent served in the United States Army Air Force, with some sent to the China-Burma-India Theater with the 14th Air Service Group; (10) the remainder of Chinese Americans who served in World War II served in all branches of the Armed Forces in all 4 thea-ters of war; (11) the first all Chinese-American group was the 14th Air Service Group in the China- Burma-India Theater which enabled exten-sive and effective operations against the Japanese military in China; (12) Chinese Americans are widely ac-knowledged for their role in the 14th Air Force, widely known as the Flying Tigers; (13) Chinese Americans assigned to the China-Burma-India Theater made trans-oceanic journeys through hostile territories and were subject to enemy attack while at sea and in the air; (14) in the Pacific Theater, Chinese Ameri-cans were in ground, air, and ocean combat and support roles throughout the Pacific in-cluding New Guinea, Guadalcanal, Solomon Islands, Iwo Jima, Okinawa, Philippines, Mariana Islands, and Aleutian Islands; (15) throughout the Pacific and China- Burma-India theaters, Chinese Americans performed vital functions in translating, co-ordinating Nationalist Chinese and United States combat operations, servicing and re-pairing aircraft and armaments, training Na-tionalist Chinese troops and sailors, deliv-ering medical care, providing signal and communication support, gathering and ana-lyzing intelligence, participating in ground and air combat, and securing and delivering supplies; (16) Chinese Americans also served in com-bat and support roles in the European and African theaters, serving in North Africa, Sicily, Italy, the Normandy D–Day invasion, which liberated Western Europe, and the Battle of the Bulge, occupying Western Ger-many while helping to liberate Central Eu-rope; (17) Chinese Americans flew bomber mis-sions, served in infantry units and combat ships in the Battle of the Atlantic, including aboard Merchant Marines convoys vulner-able to submarine and air attacks; (18) many Chinese-American women served in the Women’s Army Corps, the Army Air Forces, and the United States Naval Reserve Women’s Reserve, and some became pilots, air traffic controllers, flight trainers, weath-er forecasters, occupational therapists, and nurses; (19) Captain Francis B. Wai is the only Chi-nese American who served in World War II to have been awarded the Medal of Honor, the highest military award given by the United States (20) Chinese Americans also earned Combat Infantry Badges, Purple Hearts, Bronze Stars, Silver Stars, Distinguished Service Cross, and Distinguished Flying Cross; (21) units of the Armed Forces with Chi-nese Americans were also awarded unit cita-tions for valor and bravery; (22) the United States remains forever in-debted to the bravery, valor, and dedication that the Chinese-American Veterans of World War II displayed; and (23) the commitment and sacrifice of Chi-nese Americans demonstrates a highly un-common and commendable sense of patriot-ism and honor in the face of discrimination. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act— (1) the term ‘‘Chinese-American Veterans of World II’’ includes individuals of Chinese ancestry who served— (A) honorably at any time during the pe-riod December 7, 1941, and ending December 31, 1946; and (B) in an active duty status under the com-mand of the Armed Forces; and (2) the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-retary of the Treasury. 
SEC. 4. CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL. 
(a) A WARD AUTHORIZED .—The President Pro Tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives shall make ap-propriate arrangements for the award, on be-half of Congress, of a single gold medal of ap-propriate design to the Chinese-American Veterans of World War II, in recognition of their dedicated service during World War II. (b) D
ESIGN AND STRIKING .—For the pur-poses of the award referred to in subsection (a), the Secretary shall strike the gold medal with suitable emblems, devices, and inscrip-tions to be determined by the Secretary. (c) S
MITHSONIAN INSTITUTE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Following the award of the gold medal in honor of the Chinese- American Veterans of World War II, the gold medal shall be given to the Smithsonian In-stitution, where it shall be available for dis-play as appropriate and made available for research. (2) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Smithsonian Institution should make the gold medal received under paragraph (1) available for display elsewhere, particularly at other locations associated with the Chinese-American Veterans of World II or with World War II. (d) D
UPLICATE MEDALS .—Under regulations that the Secretary may promulgate, the Sec-retary may strike and sell duplicates in bronze of the gold medal struck under this Act, at a price sufficient to cover the cost of the medals, including labor, materials, dies, use of machinery, and overhead expenses. 
SEC. 5. STATUS OF MEDAL. 
(a) N ATIONAL MEDAL .—The gold medal struck under this Act shall be a national medal for the purposes of chapter 51 of title 31, Unites States Code. (b) NUMISMATIC ITEMS .—For purpose of sec-tion 5134 of title 31, United States Code, all medals struck under this Act shall be consid-ered to be numismatic items. 
SA 4016. Mr. FLAKE (for Mr. A LEX-
ANDER ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 3029, to revise and extend the Prematurity Research Expansion and Education for Mothers who deliver In-fants Early Act (PREEMIE Act); as fol-lows: 
On page 16, line 22, insert ‘‘, in collabora-tion with other departments, as appro-priate,’’ after ‘‘Services’’. Beginning on page 16, line 24, strike ‘‘with-in’’ and all that follows through ‘‘Services’’ on page 17, line 1. On page 17, line 11, insert ‘‘, and, as appli-cable, those in other departments,’’ after ‘‘Services’’. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I have a request for one committee to meet dur-ing today’s session of the Senate. It has the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committee is author-ized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, September 12, 2018, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled, ‘‘Countering Russia: Assessing New Tools.’’ 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my intern Sam Satterfield have privileges of the floor for the balance of the day. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
APPROPRIATIONS Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, Boy Scouts shouldn’t get a merit badge for telling the truth, and Senators shouldn’t get an award for passing an appropriations bill, because that is what we are supposed to do. But it is worth noting that for the first time in at least 10 years, these appropriations bills that we just passed are on time and within the budget Congress has set. With this vote today, we are moving toward restoring the practice of reg-ular order in the Senate from start to finish. This is what the right way means: hearings—we held three. Mark up the bills—all 12 bills are completed before the Fourth of July recess. Con-sult with other Senators—in the case of the Energy and Water appropria-tions bills, 87 Senators, we believe, had their wishes reflected in our bill. Floor debate, amendment votes, then a con-ference committee, and then we had the vote today. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE6.034 S12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6149 September 12, 2018 
I look forward to President Trump signing these appropriations bills into law. They will help to keep our country first in science, technology, and super-computing, and they will build the ports and waterways that create jobs. This bill supports funding for several important agencies, including the Corps of Engineers, the U.S. Depart-ment of Energy, the National Nuclear Security Administration, the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, the Bureau of Reclamation, and regional commis-sions, including the Appalachian Re-gional Commission and the Delta Re-gional Authority. The amount of funding in the bill is also consistent with spending caps agreed to as part of the bipartisan budget agreement. It sets priorities while reducing unnecessary spending. Let me start with the Army Corps of Engineers, which affects the lives of al-most every American. Based upon the appropriations request we received, this is the most popular agency in the budget. The Corps maintains our in-land waterways; it deepens and keeps our ports open; it looks after our rec-reational waters and lands; it manages our rivers to prevent flooding; its dams provide emission-free, renewable hy-droelectric energy. The bill restores $2.3 billion that was cut from the Presi-dent’s budget request, bringing the Corps’ budget up to $6.999 billion—a new record level of funding in a regular appropriations bill. For the fifth consecutive year, the bill makes full use of the Inland Water-ways Trust Fund revenues for water in-frastructure projects, including up to $117.7 million to continue construction of Chickamauga Lock in Chattanooga and $2.125 million for dredging at Mem-phis Harbor McKellar Lake. The bill also provides funding that exceeds the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund, a spending target established by the Water Resources and Development Act of 2014. This is the fifth consecu-tive year that the bill has met or ex-ceeded the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund spending targets, which is nec-essary to adequately fund our Nation’s harbors, including Mobile Harbor in Alabama, Savannah Harbor in Georgia, Long Beach Harbor in California, and many others across the country. For the Department of Energy, for the fourth consecutive year, we have included record funding levels in a reg-ular appropriations bill for the fol-lowing activities: No. 1, for the Depart-ment’s Office of Science. This is the Nation’s largest support of research in the physical sciences. It is funded at $6.5 billion, a new record funding level. The Office of Science provides funding for our 17 national laboratories—I call them our secret weapons—including the Oak Ridge National Laboratory. No other country has anything like them. Let’s take supercomputing. The bill provides a total of $1.6 billion for high performance computing, including $935 million within the Office of Science and $723 million within the National Nuclear Security Administration. This includes $6.76 million to deliver at least one exascale machine in 2021 to re-assert U.S. leadership in the critical area of supercomputing. This accomplishment is not the re-sult of 1 year of funding, but of 10 years of bipartisan effort through three dif-ferent administrations, Democrat and Republican, to try to make sure that the United States is first in the world in supercomputing. We continue to do that in this appropriations bill. Nuclear power is our best source of inexpensive, carbon-free baseload power. It is important for national se-curity and competitiveness. Nuclear power provides 20 percent of our Na-tion’s electricity and more than half of our carbon-free electricity. The Nu-clear Regulatory Commission, which oversees our 99 nuclear power reactors, is also funded in this bill. We wanted to make sure it is prepared to review ap-plications for new reactors, particu-larly small modular reactors and ad-vanced reactors, and to extend the li-censes of existing nuclear reactors, if it is the safe thing to do. The bill also provides $47 million for research and development at the De-partment of Energy to support existing reactors, $27 million for the Consor-tium for Advanced Simulation of Light Water Reactors, and $30 million for the Transformational Challenge Reactor. It advances efforts to clean up haz-ardous materials at Cold War-era sites. The bill provides $7.2 billion to support cleanup efforts, which is $578 million above the President’s budget request. A key pillar of our national defense is a strong nuclear deterrent. That is in this appropriations bill, as well, in-cluding $11.1 billion for weapons activi-ties within the NNSA, including nearly $2 billion for six life extension pro-grams, which fix or replace components in weapons systems to make sure they are safe and reliable. Congress must maintain a safe and effective nuclear weapons stockpile and keep big con-struction projects on time and on budg-et. I want to compliment Senator F
EIN-
STEIN , of California, my partner on the Energy and Water Subcommittee. We worked hard together on all aspects of this bill, but especially on keeping those big construction projects on time and on budget. A principal reason the United States produces 24 percent of all the money in the world for just 5 percent of the peo-ple in the world is the extraordinary concentration of brain power in the United States supported by Federal dollars through our National Labora-tories, the National Institutes of Health, the National Science Founda-tion, and other agencies. It is impor-tant that the American people know that the Republican majority in Con-gress worked together with Democrats to provide record levels of funding for science, research, and technology. I would state to all of those who might not have noticed this quiet new development that Congress is funding science and research at record levels, and if we continue to do so, we will make America more competitive and help spur innovation and create good- paying jobs. A lot of hard work went into these negotiations over the last several months. Our staff members have worked over weekends and over vaca-tions to make that happen, including the last few days. On my staff were Tyler Owens, Adam DeMella, Meyer Seligman, Jen Armstrong, Molly Marsh, and Rachel Littleton; on Sen-ator FEINSTEIN ’s staff, Doug Clapp, Chris Hanson, Samantha Nelson; and on Senator S
HELBY ’s staff, Shannon Hines, Jonathan Graffeo, and David Adkins. I am deeply grateful to them for their professionalism and their bi-partisan work. 
f 
OPIOID LEGISLATION Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, now I would like to say a word about legislation that the majority leader, Senator M
CCONNELL , has described as landmark legislation, which I expect the Senate to move to early next week, and that is the legislation dealing with the most serious public health epi-demic in America today, the opioid cri-sis. We will be voting on the Opioid Crisis Response Act. This landmark legisla-tion is the work of five different com-mittees in the Senate. More than 70 Senators—half Republican, half Demo-crat—have provisions in this bill. A big bill is hard to talk about, so let me just mention 10 key provisions: first, Senator P
ORTMAN ’s STOP Act to stop illegal drugs, including fentanyl, at the border coming through the mail; second, new nonaddictive painkillers, research and fast-track. I call this the holy grail of the opioids crisis because 100 million Americans hurt. They have pain; 25 million have chronic pain. They need help, and we need new non-addictive treatments to help them. Blister packs for opioids, such as a 3 to 5 days’ supply—we authorized the FDA to require manufacturers to do that. More medication-assisted treatment, preventing doctor shopping by improv-ing State prescription drug monitoring programs, and more behavioral and mental health providers. No. 7, support for comprehensive opioid recovery cen-ters; No. 8, help for babies born in opioid withdrawal; No. 9, help for mothers with opioid use disorders, ad-dicted to opioids; and No. 10, more early intervention with vulnerable children who have experienced trauma. Those are 10 of the 70 provisions that change the authorizing law, but in ad-dition to that, we have placed unprece-dented amounts of Federal dollars to-ward the opioid crisis. In March, in the omnibus bill, Con-gress and the President directed $4.7 billion toward the opioid crisis. Tomor-row, the conference committee consid-ering the Labor, Health, and Human 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12SE6.037 S12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6150 September 12, 2018 
Services, and Education Appropria-tions bill will meet. When that appro-priations bill is approved, as we expect and hope it will be by the end of the month, that is another $3.7 billion. So that is $8.4 billion in the last few months that will have been directed to-ward the opioid crisis. We have had seven hearings in our committee on opioids. On June 14, Becky Savage talked to us about two of her sons. She lost both of them after they accidentally overdosed on a com-bination of alcohol and opioids that they took in their own home after a graduation party. At our hearing, Becky Savage said: 
How could two boys who have always seemed to make good decisions in life make a choice that would ultimately cost them their lives? [H]ow did someone’s prescription end up in the pocket of a teenager at a grad-uation party? 
Nick and Jack were just two of the 33,000 Americans who died in 2015 from an opioid overdose, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Pre-vention. By 2016, the number had in-creased to 42,000 Americans. We suspect those numbers are even higher now. Last year, 1,776 Tennesseans died of a drug overdose, according to the Ten-nessee Department of Health, up from 1,630 the year before. We know that the opioid crisis is ravaging virtually every American community. Becky Savage’s story was just one of the heartbreaking stories the Senate HELP Committee heard last year in our seven hearings. Senator I
SAKSON in Georgia told us of waking up to answer a phone call at 3 a.m. in December of 2016. His son John called to tell Sen-ator I
SAKSON that his grandson had passed away from an opioid overdose. We heard Dr. Omar Abubaker, who lost his youngest son, Adam, 21 years old, after he overdosed on a mixture of heroin and benzodiazepines. At our hearing he said, ‘‘Since my son’s death 3 years ago, more than 165,000 other parents in this country have experi-enced the same agony.’’ I imagine every Senator has heard heartbreaking stories of how the opioid crisis has impacted patients and chil-dren, doctors and nurses, entire com-munities in our States. But at our hearings, we also heard stories of hope. Jessica Hulsey Nickel knows ‘‘firsthand the devastating im-pact that addiction can have on fami-lies,’’ having lost both of her parents to addiction. Jessica has since dedicated her life to helping others battling the same disease. Trish Tanner, the chief pharmacy of-ficer at Ballad Health in Johnson City, TN, lost her nephew Dustin to an opioid overdose. As part of an execu-tive fellowship program, she worked on a project on ways to reduce opioid pre-scribing, saying that ‘‘as Dustin’s aunt and as a pharmacist, I have a duty and a desire to bring about change now.’’ To spread awareness and tell the story of losing her two sons, Becky Savage and her husband have created the 525 Foundation in memory of Nick and Jack. When she testified before our committee, Becky told us that ‘‘you could have heard a pin drop in many of the auditoriums I speak in.’’ After hearing her story, you could hear a pin drop in our committee room as well. The challenge of solving the opioid crisis has been often been described as needing a moonshot. I wish we could do that. I wish we could appoint a single agency in Washington to solve this problem in every community in Amer-ica, but what we have found is that will not work. Solving the opioid crisis might require the energy and resources of a moonshot, but ultimately it is not something that can be solved by a sin-gle agency here. What the Federal Gov-ernment can do is create an environ-ment so that everyone—Governors, mayors, judges, counselors, law en-forcement, doctors, nurses, and fami-lies like the Savages—can succeed in fighting the crisis. This is a package of more than 70 proposals from nearly three-quarters of the Members of the U.S. Senate—72 Members—that includes the work of five committees: the HELP Committee that I chair, the Finance, Judiciary, Commerce, and Banking Committees. Since last October, the Senate HELP Committee, which I chair and Senator PATTY MURRAY of Washington is the ranking member of, has held seven hearings on the opioid crisis. We heard from Governors, from doctors, from ad-diction experts, family members, and others on how the Federal Government can be the best possible partner as we work to solve the crisis. We took the input we heard at the first six hearings, and we turned it into a draft package of proposals, which Senator M
URRAY and I released on April 5. On April 11, we held our sev-enth hearing to review the draft pro-posal. On April 17, we introduced an up-dated package of 40 proposals, based on the feedback we heard at the seventh hearing. On April 24, the Senate Health Committee voted 23 to 0 to pass this legislation, which included proposals from 38 different Senators. Because this crisis is so widespread, the Finance, Judiciary, Commerce, and Banking Committees also have been working on their contributions to this bill. On May 22, the Commerce Committee passed two provisions; May 24, the Ju-diciary passed six; June 12, the Finance Committee offered 22 more provisions. We have also included a provision that the Banking Committee has been work-ing on. Senator M
URRAY and I have since worked with Senators H
ATCH , GRASS -
LEY, THUNE , W YDEN , FEINSTEIN , and N
ELSON to combine all of these pro-posals, along with other proposals, such as Senator P
ORTMAN ’s STOP Act, into one package of legislation—the Opioid Crisis Response Act. We thank all of them. Over 20 Senators contributed to the Finance Committee provisions, 25 to the Judiciary provisions, and 7 to the Commerce Committee’s provisions. I think it is a testament to just how far- reaching this crisis is and why we feel a sense of bipartisan urgency in pass-ing this legislation in the Senate and in the Congress. In June the House of Representatives passed its own package of legislation to fight the opioid crisis by a vote of 396 to 14. The Senate and House staff com-bined our legislation and what the House has passed, and we believe it will produce an even stronger bill to fight the crisis. My hope is that the five Senate com-mittees will work quickly with our House colleagues to reach an agree-ment by September 21, so the House can pass a final opioids package, the Senate can pass it, and we can send it to the President’s desk as quickly as possible. That is the bipartisan sense of urgency I feel so that we can help States and communities fight the opioid crisis. This act builds on the work already done—the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, or CARA, passed in 2016, which gave a substantial boost to States on the frontlines, providing grants to expand access to lifesaving opioid overdose reversal medications and to support State efforts to help in-dividuals. Later in 2016, Congress enacted the 21st Century Cures Act, which included $1 billion over 2 years in State grants to fight the crisis. It sought to accel-erate research for major discoveries, like new nonaddictive pain medicines, which, as I mentioned, I believe is the Holy Grail of solving the opioid crisis. Then, the omnibus appropriations bill in March provided $4.7 billion of funding, and $1 billion of that is for grants. We believe another $3.7 billion is coming from the Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education Appro-priations bill, which we hope to pass this month. According to Senator BLUNT , the chairman of the Senate Appropriations subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and Re-lated Agencies, Federal funding to help combat the opioid epidemic has in-creased nearly 1,300 percent over the past 4 years. The bill we are voting on next week builds on this funding. So we will be passing the STOP Act, new nonaddictive painkillers, blister packs for opioids, more medication-as-sisted treatment, and efforts to prevent doctor shopping, to provide more be-havioral and mental health providers, to support comprehensive opioid recov-ery centers, and to provide help for ba-bies born in opioid withdrawal, help for mothers with opioid use disorders, and more early intervention with vulner-able children who have experienced trauma. These are just a portion of the more than 70 provisions in the Opioid Crisis Response Act. This is, as the majority leader, Sen-ator M
CCONNELL , has said, ‘‘landmark legislation’’ that represents the work 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12SE6.039 S12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6151 September 12, 2018 
of nearly three-fourths of the Senate, five committees, and countless staff who have worked to try to help States and communities put an end to this crisis that is ravaging virtually every community in America. The House of Representatives has passed its version. We have our bipar-tisan urgency to work together. No mother should have to go through what Becky Savage has gone through. It is time to finish our work and help States and communities bring an end to the opioid crisis. This legislation would give us many of the tools we need to do just that. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. 
f 
ATTORNEY GENERAL SESSIONS Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, in the an-nals of ‘‘President’s Say the Darndest Things,’’ last week’s Twitter outburst will stand out, at least for me, because the President attacked the Attorney General of the United States for simply doing the job he swore an oath to do. Of course, it wasn’t the first time the President has so diminished himself, but this particular slander was leveled at the Attorney General for having the temerity to prosecute public corrup-tion by Members of Congress who also happen to belong to the President’s po-litical party. That is right. The President attacked Mr. Sessions by name for refusing to cover up allegations of Republican mis-conduct. The President’s concern was not for justice but for the political for-tunes of the accused, because their con-gressional seats might now be at risk of falling to Democrats. In doing this, the President is projecting a vision onto the system of American justice that is both bizarre and, more impor-tantly, destructive. Of course, the only truly shocking thing about this statement from the President is that, given what all of us have become accustomed to during this Presidency—or, even worse, have be-come numb to—this Twitter eruption was not at all surprising. This numb acceptance is an appalling statement on the very real threat to our demo-cratic institutions. At this point, it might be too late for tutorials on the American justice sys-tem, but it certainly bears repeating that in order for justice to truly be served, justice must be based in empir-ical truth and must be absolutely car-ried out independent of politics, period. No President—any President—admin-isters the justice system in America, any more than he or she decrees what is objective truth. In this country, jus-tice and truth operate quite inde-pendent of the dictates of even the most powerful of offices. The reasons for this point are obvi-ous to most, but we know by now that this particular President seems to have a profound unease with both justice and truth and so has been at unrelent-ing war with both, virtually since the moment he swore the oath—not be-cause there is any deficiency in justice or truth that requires his intervention, mind you, but for other less noble rea-sons. The President seems to think that the office confers on him the abil-ity to decide who and what gets inves-tigated in the United States and who and what does not. Weekly, it seems, this President has been threatening to ‘‘get involved’’ in the function of the Justice Depart-ment—sometimes intimidating, some-times plainly threatening to corrupt the independence of justice in America. He has overtly expressed a desire for his political opponents to be inves-tigated, and almost 2 years into his Presidency, he presides over boisterous rallies where the last election is reliti-gated and chants of ‘‘lock her up’’ fill the halls. None of this is normal or acceptable, but his is not mere recklessness. It seems to be a deliberate program, by which he intends to weaken the insti-tution of American justice, threaten its independence, and perhaps set the stage for some future assault on it—the firing of the attorney general, the dep-uty attorney general, and perhaps even the special counsel. It has been said that the President deserves to have an attorney general of his choice, a top lawyer with whom he is compatible. This is true. The Presi-dent’s appointment powers are clear, and all of his appointees serve at the pleasure of the President. But what no President deserves is a top lawyer who is simply there to do his bidding. The Attorney General is not the President’s personal lawyer, and his job is not to protect the President from damaging facts or to turn the power of American justice onto the President’s enemies or to direct Justice Department inves-tigations in any particular way that is either politically motivated or pre-supposes guilt or innocence or favors any outcome whatsoever, other than that which is supported by the evi-dence and truth. The Attorney Gen-eral’s job description, as tweeted last week by the President, bears scant re-semblance to the Attorney General’s job in a constitutional democracy. So I rise today because the Founders gave us the article I branch of this gov-ernment that they conceived and the responsibility to curb such reckless be-havior. Thus far, I believe we have all been so incredulous at the daily excess and ever hopeful—hopeful beyond any rea-son—that this President would at last begin to inhabit the office in a more re-sponsible fashion that we have been somewhat uncertain what to do. First and foremost, we must speak out. We cannot be quiet when the mo-ment requires us to defend the demo-cratic norms under which this system functions, and without which our sys-tem ceases to function. The President has repeatedly and over time heed-lessly breached these norms. If we say nothing, then, we become accomplices in the destruction of these democratic norms. The Senate is not the place to come for deniability. We must do what we can to curb the destructive impulses of this White House. We must encourage the administration of justice. That means voicing our support for Mr. Mueller and his team. We have passed bipartisan legislation out of the Senate Judiciary Committee—legislation to protect the special counsel. I call on the majority leader to bring this legis-lation to the Senate floor. We must also say in no uncertain terms that to call this investigation a ‘‘witch hunt’’ is wrong. To call Mr. Mueller’s team ‘‘thugs’’ is wrong. Re-lentlessly slandering the Attorney General of the United States is wrong. It is a travesty, and it is unbecoming of the Office of the Presidency. I would say to the Attorney General: Stand firm. You spent your life in pub-lic service, in the service of your coun-try. At the risk of being presumptuous, I will say that these days of your serv-ice, right now, during this crucial pe-riod in which we have a President who in a malign fashion is actively testing the limits of his power and the inde-pendence of American justice, your de-termination to safeguard the independ-ence of the Justice Department at the same time that you have been under assault by the President has verged on heroic. In your long career, you will render no more consequential service to your country. Stand firm, Attorney General Sessions. I appeal to the leadership of this body to speak out. You don’t have to speak out at every Twitter outburst, but when the President so blatantly calls for the Department of Justice to act as an arm of the Republican Party, then, the leaders of the Republican Party in this body need to stand and say that the President is out of bounds. We all have our pulls to conscience. Most recently for me, I hear the whis-per so well described a few weeks ago— the whisper over my shoulder that says: We are better than this. America is better than this. In a time of rank tribalism, we need to remember that we are all Americans. That is our only tribe. It is to the rule of law and the ideals of our founding that we owe our allegiance. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to executive session for the en bloc consideration of the following nominations: Executive Calendar Nos. 933, 934. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12SE6.040 S12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6152 September 12, 2018 
The clerk will report the nomina-tions en bloc. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nominations of Cherith Nor-man Chalet, of New Jersey, to be Rep-resentative of the United States of America to the United Nations for U.N. Management and Reform, with the rank of Ambassador, and Cherith Nor-man Chalet, of New Jersey, to be an Al-ternate Representative of the United States of America to the Sessions of the General Assembly of the United Nations, during her tenure of service as Representative of the United States of America to the United Nations for U.N. Management and Reform. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nominations en bloc. Mr. FLAKE. I ask unanimous consent that the Senate vote on the nomina-tions en bloc with no intervening ac-tion or debate; that if confirmed, the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table en bloc; that the President be immediately no-tified of the Senate’s action; that no further motions be in order; and that any statements relating to the nomina-tions be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Chalet and Cha-let nominations en bloc? The nominations were confirmed en bloc. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to legislative session for a pe-riod of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CHINESE-AMERICAN WORLD WAR II VETERAN CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL ACT Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs be discharged from fur-ther consideration of S. 1050 and that the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1050) to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the Chinese- American Veterans of World War II, in rec-ognition of their dedicated service during World War II. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. FLAKE. I ask unanimous consent that the Duckworth amendment which is at the desk be agreed to and that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 4015) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to, as follows: (Purpose: In the nature of a substitute) Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Chinese- American World War II Veteran Congres-sional Gold Medal Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds that— (1) Chinese Americans served the United States in every conflict since the Civil War, and distinguished themselves in World War II, serving in every theater of war and every branch of service, earning citations for their heroism and honorable service, including the Medal of Honor; (2) Chinese nationals and Chinese Ameri-cans faced institutional discrimination in the United States since before World War II, limiting the size of their population and their ability to build thriving communities in the United States; (3) the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to execute cer-tain treaty stipulations relating to Chinese’’, approved May 6, 1882 (commonly known as the ‘‘Chinese Exclusion Act of 1882’’) (22 Stat. 58, chapter 126), was the first Federal law that broadly restricted immigration and a specific nationality, making it illegal for Chinese laborers to immigrate to the United States and limiting the Chinese population in the United States for over 60 years; (4) major court decisions such as the deci-sions in Lum v. Rice, 275 U.S. 78 (1927), and People v. Hall, 4 Cal. 399 (1854), found ‘‘yel-low’’ races to be equal to African Americans with regard to ‘‘separate but equal’’ school facilities, and prohibited Chinese Americans, along with ‘‘Black, mulatto, or Indian’’ per-sons, from testifying against White men; (5) Chinese Americans were harassed, beat-en, and murdered because of their ethnicity, including the Chinese Massacre of 1871, where 17 Chinese immigrants in Los Angeles, California, were tortured and murdered, the Rock Springs Massacre of 1885 where White rioters killed 28 Chinese miners and burned 75 of their homes in Rock Springs, Wyoming, and the Hells Canyon Massacre of 1887 where 34 Chinese gold miners were ambushed and murdered in Hells Canyon, Oregon; (6) there were only 78,000 Chinese Ameri-cans living on the United States mainland, with 29,000 living in Hawaii, at the start of World War II as result of Federal and State legislation and judicial decisions; (7) despite the anti-Chinese discrimination at the time, as many as 20,000 Chinese Amer-icans served in the Armed Forces during World War II, of whom, approximately 40 percent were not United States citizens due to the laws that denied citizenship to per-sons of Chinese descent; (8) Chinese Americans, although small in numbers, made important contributions to the World War II effort; (9) of the total Chinese Americans serving, approximately 25 percent served in the United States Army Air Force, with some sent to the China-Burma-India Theater with the 14th Air Service Group; (10) the remainder of Chinese Americans who served in World War II served in all branches of the Armed Forces in all 4 thea-ters of war; (11) the first all Chinese-American group was the 14th Air Service Group in the China- Burma-India Theater which enabled exten-sive and effective operations against the Japanese military in China; (12) Chinese Americans are widely ac-knowledged for their role in the 14th Air Force, widely known as the Flying Tigers; (13) Chinese Americans assigned to the China-Burma-India Theater made trans-oceanic journeys through hostile territories and were subject to enemy attack while at sea and in the air; (14) in the Pacific Theater, Chinese Ameri-cans were in ground, air, and ocean combat and support roles throughout the Pacific in-cluding New Guinea, Guadalcanal, Solomon Islands, Iwo Jima, Okinawa, Philippines, Mariana Islands, and Aleutian Islands; (15) throughout the Pacific and China- Burma-India theaters, Chinese Americans performed vital functions in translating, co-ordinating Nationalist Chinese and United States combat operations, servicing and re-pairing aircraft and armaments, training Na-tionalist Chinese troops and sailors, deliv-ering medical care, providing signal and communication support, gathering and ana-lyzing intelligence, participating in ground and air combat, and securing and delivering supplies; (16) Chinese Americans also served in com-bat and support roles in the European and African theaters, serving in North Africa, Sicily, Italy, the Normandy D–Day invasion, which liberated Western Europe, and the Battle of the Bulge, occupying Western Ger-many while helping to liberate Central Eu-rope; (17) Chinese Americans flew bomber mis-sions, served in infantry units and combat ships in the Battle of the Atlantic, including aboard Merchant Marines convoys vulner-able to submarine and air attacks; (18) many Chinese-American women served in the Women’s Army Corps, the Army Air Forces, and the United States Naval Reserve Women’s Reserve, and some became pilots, air traffic controllers, flight trainers, weath-er forecasters, occupational therapists, and nurses; (19) Captain Francis B. Wai is the only Chi-nese American who served in World War II to have been awarded the Medal of Honor, the highest military award given by the United States (20) Chinese Americans also earned Combat Infantry Badges, Purple Hearts, Bronze Stars, Silver Stars, Distinguished Service Cross, and Distinguished Flying Cross; (21) units of the Armed Forces with Chi-nese Americans were also awarded unit cita-tions for valor and bravery; (22) the United States remains forever in-debted to the bravery, valor, and dedication that the Chinese-American Veterans of World War II displayed; and (23) the commitment and sacrifice of Chi-nese Americans demonstrates a highly un-common and commendable sense of patriot-ism and honor in the face of discrimination. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act— (1) the term ‘‘Chinese-American Veterans of World II’’ includes individuals of Chinese ancestry who served— (A) honorably at any time during the pe-riod December 7, 1941, and ending December 31, 1946; and (B) in an active duty status under the com-mand of the Armed Forces; and (2) the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-retary of the Treasury. 
SEC. 4. CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL. 
(a) A WARD AUTHORIZED .—The President Pro Tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives shall make ap-propriate arrangements for the award, on be-half of Congress, of a single gold medal of ap-propriate design to the Chinese-American Veterans of World War II, in recognition of their dedicated service during World War II. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12SE6.042 S12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6153 September 12, 2018 
(b) D ESIGN AND STRIKING .—For the pur-poses of the award referred to in subsection (a), the Secretary shall strike the gold medal with suitable emblems, devices, and inscrip-tions to be determined by the Secretary. (c) S
MITHSONIAN INSTITUTE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Following the award of the gold medal in honor of the Chinese- American Veterans of World War II, the gold medal shall be given to the Smithsonian In-stitution, where it shall be available for dis-play as appropriate and made available for research. (2) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Smithsonian Institution should make the gold medal received under paragraph (1) available for display elsewhere, particularly at other locations associated with the Chinese-American Veterans of World II or with World War II. (d) D
UPLICATE MEDALS .—Under regulations that the Secretary may promulgate, the Sec-retary may strike and sell duplicates in bronze of the gold medal struck under this Act, at a price sufficient to cover the cost of the medals, including labor, materials, dies, use of machinery, and overhead expenses. 
SEC. 5. STATUS OF MEDAL. 
(a) N ATIONAL MEDAL .—The gold medal struck under this Act shall be a national medal for the purposes of chapter 51 of title 31, Unites States Code. (b) N
UMISMATIC ITEMS .—For purpose of sec-tion 5134 of title 31, United States Code, all medals struck under this Act shall be consid-ered to be numismatic items. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read the third time. Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I know of no further debate on the bill, as amend-ed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? The bill (S. 1050), as amended, was passed. Mr. FLAKE. I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be con-sidered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NATIONAL POLYCYSTIC KIDNEY DISEASE AWARENESS DAY Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 576 and that the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 576) designating Sep-tember 4, 2018, as ‘‘National Polycystic Kid-ney Disease Awareness Day’’, and raising awareness and understanding of polycystic kidney disease. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. FLAKE. I further ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 576) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the RECORD of July 18, 2018, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
PREEMIE REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2018 Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 503, S. 3029. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 3029) to revise and extend the Prematurity Research Expansion and Edu-cation for Mothers who deliver Infants Early Act (PREEMIE Act). 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Prematurity Re-search Expansion and Education for Mothers who deliver Infants Early Reauthorization Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘PREEMIE Reauthorization Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. RESEARCH RELATING TO PRETERM LABOR AND DELIVERY AND THE CARE, TREATMENT, AND OUTCOMES OF PRETERM AND LOW BIRTH-WEIGHT INFANTS. 
Section 2 of the Prematurity Research Expan-sion and Education for Mothers who deliver In-fants Early Act (42 U.S.C. 247b–4f) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)(A), by striking ‘‘clinical, biological, social, environmental, genetic, and behavioral factors relating’’ and inserting ‘‘fac-tors relating to prematurity, such as clinical, bi-ological, social, environmental, genetic, and be-havioral factors, and other determinants that contribute to health disparities and are re-lated’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘ concerning the progress and any results of studies con-ducted under paragraph (1)’’ and inserting ‘‘re-garding activities and studies conducted under paragraph (1), including any applicable anal-yses of preterm birth. Such report shall be post-ed on the Internet website of the Department of Health and Human Services.’’; (2) by striking subsection (c) and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) P
REGNANCY RISK ASSESSMENT MONI-
TORING SURVEY .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, shall— ‘‘(1) continue systems for the collection of ma-ternal-infant clinical and biomedical informa-tion, including electronic health records, elec-tronic databases, and biobanks, to link with the Pregnancy Risk Assessment Monitoring System (PRAMS) and other epidemiological studies of prematurity in order to track, to the extent practicable, all pregnancy outcomes and prevent preterm birth; and ‘‘(2) provide technical assistance, as appro-priate, to support States in improving the collec-tion of information pursuant to this sub-section.’’; and (3) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘except for subsection (c), $1,880,000 for each of fiscal years 2014 through 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘$2,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’. SEC. 3. PUBLIC AND HEALTH CARE PROVIDER EDUCATION AND SUPPORT SERV-ICES. 
Section 399Q of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280g–5) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘conduct demonstration projects’’ and inserting ‘‘conduct activities, which may include demonstration projects’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘for babies born preterm’’ and inserting ‘‘mothers of infants born preterm, and infants born preterm, as appropriate’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘under the demonstration project’’; (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘programs to test and evaluate var-ious strategies to provide’’ and inserting ‘‘pro-grams, including those to test and evaluate strategies, which, in collaboration with States, localities, tribes, and community organizations, support the provision of’’; (ii) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) through (F) as subparagraphs (C) through (G), respectively; (iii) by inserting after subparagraph (A), the following: ‘‘(B) evidence-based strategies to prevent preterm birth and associated outcomes;’’; (iv) in subparagraph (C), as so redesignated, by inserting ‘‘, and the risks of non-medically indicated deliveries before full term’’ before the semicolon; (v) in subparagraph (D), as so redesignated— (I) in clause (ii), by inserting ‘‘intake’’ before the semicolon; (II) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (III) by redesignating clause (iv) as clause (vii); and (IV) by inserting after clause (iii), the fol-lowing: ‘‘(iv) screening for and treatment of substance use disorders; ‘‘(v) screening for and treatment of maternal depression; ‘‘(vi) maternal immunization; and’’; (vi) in subparagraph (E), as so redesignated, by adding ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (vii) in subparagraph (F), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a period; and (viii) by striking subparagraph (G), as so re-designated; and (C) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘, as well as prevention of a future preterm birth’’ before the semicolon. 
SEC. 4. ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON MATERNAL AND INFANT HEALTH. 
Section 104(b) of the PREEMIE Reauthoriza-tion Act (42 U.S.C. 247b–4f note) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and recommendations to the Sec-retary concerning the following activities’’ and inserting ‘‘, recommendations, or information to the Secretary as may be necessary to improve activities and programs to reduce severe mater-nal morbidity, maternal mortality, infant mor-tality, and preterm birth, which may include recommendations, advice, or information related to the following’’; (B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and im-proving the health status of pregnant women and infants’’ and inserting ‘‘, preterm birth, and improving the health status of pregnant women and infants, and information on cost-effective-ness and outcomes of such programs’’; (C) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘Imple-mentation of the’’ and inserting ‘‘The’’; and (D) by striking subparagraph (D) and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(D) Implementation of Healthy People objec-tives related to maternal and infant health. ‘‘(E) Strategies to reduce racial, ethnic, geo-graphic, and other health disparities in birth 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A12SE6.051 S12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6154 September 12, 2018 
outcomes, including by increasing awareness of Federal programs related to appropriate access to, or information regarding, prenatal care to address risk factors for preterm labor and deliv-ery. ‘‘(F) Strategies, including the implementation of such strategies, to address gaps in Federal re-search, programs, and education efforts related to the prevention of severe maternal morbidity, maternal mortality, infant mortality, and other adverse birth outcomes.’’; (2) by striking paragraph (3) and redesig-nating paragraph (4) as paragraph (3); and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) B
IENNIAL REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the PREEMIE Reauthorization Act of 2018, and every 2 years thereafter, the Advisory Committee shall— ‘‘(A) publish a report summarizing activities and recommendations of the Advisory Committee since the publication of the previous report; ‘‘(B) submit such report to the Secretary and the appropriate Committees of Congress; and ‘‘(C) post such report on the Internet website of the Department of Health and Human Serv-ices.’’. 
SEC. 5. INTERAGENCY WORKING GROUP. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services, in collaboration with other de-partments, as appropriate, may establish an interagency working group in order to improve coordination of programs and activities to pre-vent preterm birth, infant mortality, and related adverse birth outcomes. (b) D
UTIES .—The working group established under subsection (a) shall— (1) identify gaps, unnecessary duplication, and opportunities for improved coordination in Federal programs and activities related to preterm birth and infant mortality; (2) assess the extent to which the goals and metrics of relevant programs and activities with-in the Department of Health and Human Serv-ices, and, as applicable, those in other depart-ments, are aligned; and (3) assess the extent to which such programs are coordinated across agencies within such De-partment; and (4) make specific recommendations, as appli-cable, to reduce or minimize gaps and unneces-sary duplication, and improve coordination of goals, programs, and activities across agencies within such Department. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date on which the working group is established under subsection (a), the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall submit to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions of the Senate and the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce of the House of Representa-tives a report summarizing the findings of the working group under subsection (b) and the spe-cific recommendations to improve Federal pro-grams at the Department of Health and Human Services under subsection (b)(4). 
Mr. FLAKE. I ask unanimous consent that the Alexander amendment at the desk be agreed to; that the committee- reported substitute amendment be agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and that the motion to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 4016) was agreed to as follows: 
(Purpose: To modify provisions relating to the interagency working group) On page 16, line 22, insert ‘‘, in collabora-tion with other departments, as appro-priate,’’ after ‘‘Services’’. Beginning on page 16, line 24, strike ‘‘with-in’’ and all that follows through ‘‘Services’’ on page 17, line 1. On page 17, line 11, insert ‘‘, and, as appli-cable, those in other departments,’’ after ‘‘Services’’. The committee-reported amendment in the nature of a substitute was agreed to. The bill (S. 3029), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed as follows: 
S. 3029 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Prematurity Research Expansion and Education for Moth-ers who deliver Infants Early Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘PREEMIE Reau-thorization Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. RESEARCH RELATING TO PRETERM LABOR AND DELIVERY AND THE CARE, TREATMENT, AND OUTCOMES OF PRETERM AND LOW BIRTH-WEIGHT INFANTS. 
Section 2 of the Prematurity Research Ex-pansion and Education for Mothers who de-liver Infants Early Act (42 U.S.C. 247b–4f) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)(A), by striking ‘‘clin-ical, biological, social, environmental, ge-netic, and behavioral factors relating’’ and inserting ‘‘factors relating to prematurity, such as clinical, biological, social, environ-mental, genetic, and behavioral factors, and other determinants that contribute to health disparities and are related’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘ con-cerning the progress and any results of stud-ies conducted under paragraph (1)’’ and in-serting ‘‘regarding activities and studies conducted under paragraph (1), including any applicable analyses of preterm birth. Such report shall be posted on the Internet website of the Department of Health and Human Services.’’; (2) by striking subsection (c) and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) P
REGNANCY RISKASSESSMENT MONI-
TORING SURVEY .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Di-rector of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, shall— ‘‘(1) continue systems for the collection of maternal-infant clinical and biomedical in-formation, including electronic health records, electronic databases, and biobanks, to link with the Pregnancy Risk Assessment Monitoring System (PRAMS) and other epi-demiological studies of prematurity in order to track, to the extent practicable, all preg-nancy outcomes and prevent preterm birth; and ‘‘(2) provide technical assistance, as appro-priate, to support States in improving the collection of information pursuant to this subsection.’’; and (3) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘except for subsection (c), $1,880,000 for each of fiscal years 2014 through 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘$2,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’. 
SEC. 3. PUBLIC AND HEALTH CARE PROVIDER EDUCATION AND SUPPORT SERV-ICES. 
Section 399Q of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280g–5) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘conduct demonstration projects’’ and inserting ‘‘conduct activities, which may include demonstration projects’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘for babies born preterm’’ and inserting ‘‘mothers of infants born preterm, and infants born preterm, as appro-priate’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘under the demonstration project’’; (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘programs to test and evalu-ate various strategies to provide’’ and insert-ing ‘‘programs, including those to test and evaluate strategies, which, in collaboration with States, localities, tribes, and commu-nity organizations, support the provision of’’; (ii) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) through (F) as subparagraphs (C) through (G), respectively; (iii) by inserting after subparagraph (A), the following: ‘‘(B) evidence-based strategies to prevent preterm birth and associated outcomes;’’; (iv) in subparagraph (C), as so redesig-nated, by inserting ‘‘, and the risks of non- medically indicated deliveries before full term’’ before the semicolon; (v) in subparagraph (D), as so redesig-nated— (I) in clause (ii), by inserting ‘‘intake’’ be-fore the semicolon; (II) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (III) by redesignating clause (iv) as clause (vii); and (IV) by inserting after clause (iii), the fol-lowing: ‘‘(iv) screening for and treatment of sub-stance use disorders; ‘‘(v) screening for and treatment of mater-nal depression; ‘‘(vi) maternal immunization; and’’; (vi) in subparagraph (E), as so redesig-nated, by adding ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (vii) in subparagraph (F), as so redesig-nated, by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a pe-riod; and (viii) by striking subparagraph (G), as so redesignated; and (C) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘, as well as prevention of a future preterm birth’’ be-fore the semicolon. SEC. 4. ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON MATERNAL AND INFANT HEALTH. 
Section 104(b) of the PREEMIE Reauthor-ization Act (42 U.S.C. 247b–4f note) is amend-ed— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and recommendations to the Secretary concerning the following ac-tivities’’ and inserting ‘‘, recommendations, or information to the Secretary as may be necessary to improve activities and pro-grams to reduce severe maternal morbidity, maternal mortality, infant mortality, and preterm birth, which may include rec-ommendations, advice, or information re-lated to the following’’; (B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and improving the health status of pregnant women and infants’’ and inserting ‘‘, preterm birth, and improving the health status of pregnant women and infants, and informa-tion on cost-effectiveness and outcomes of such programs’’; (C) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘Im-plementation of the’’ and inserting ‘‘The’’; and (D) by striking subparagraph (D) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(D) Implementation of Healthy People ob-jectives related to maternal and infant health. ‘‘(E) Strategies to reduce racial, ethnic, ge-ographic, and other health disparities in birth outcomes, including by increasing awareness of Federal programs related to ap-propriate access to, or information regard-ing, prenatal care to address risk factors for preterm labor and delivery. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE6.046 S12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6155 September 12, 2018 
‘‘(F) Strategies, including the implementa-tion of such strategies, to address gaps in Federal research, programs, and education efforts related to the prevention of severe maternal morbidity, maternal mortality, in-fant mortality, and other adverse birth out-comes.’’; (2) by striking paragraph (3) and redesig-nating paragraph (4) as paragraph (3); and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) B
IENNIAL REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the PREEMIE Reauthorization Act of 2018, and every 2 years thereafter, the Advisory Com-mittee shall— ‘‘(A) publish a report summarizing activi-ties and recommendations of the Advisory Committee since the publication of the pre-vious report; ‘‘(B) submit such report to the Secretary and the appropriate Committees of Congress; and ‘‘(C) post such report on the Internet website of the Department of Health and Human Services.’’. 
SEC. 5. INTERAGENCY WORKING GROUP. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services, in collaboration with other departments, as appropriate, may es-tablish an interagency working group in order to improve coordination of programs and activities to prevent preterm birth, in-fant mortality, and related adverse birth outcomes. (b) D
UTIES .—The working group estab-lished under subsection (a) shall— (1) identify gaps, unnecessary duplication, and opportunities for improved coordination in Federal programs and activities related to preterm birth and infant mortality; (2) assess the extent to which the goals and metrics of relevant programs and activities within the Department of Health and Human Services, and, as applicable, those in other departments, are aligned; and (3) assess the extent to which such pro-grams are coordinated across agencies with-in such Department; and (4) make specific recommendations, as ap-plicable, to reduce or minimize gaps and un-necessary duplication, and improve coordi-nation of goals, programs, and activities across agencies within such Department. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date on which the working group is es-tablished under subsection (a), the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall submit to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives a report summa-rizing the findings of the working group under subsection (b) and the specific rec-ommendations to improve Federal programs at the Department of Health and Human Services under subsection (b)(4). f 
NATIONAL DEMOCRACY MONTH Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Judiciary Committee be discharged from further consideration and the Senate proceed to S. Res. 525. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. Res. 525) designating September 2018 as National Democracy Month as a time to reflect on the contributions of the system of government of the United States to a more free and stable world. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. FLAKE. I know of no further de-bate on the measure. The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there is no further debate, the question is on agreeing to the resolution. The resolution (S. Res. 525) was agreed to. Mr. FLAKE. I ask unanimous consent that the preamble be agreed to and that the motions to reconsider be con-sidered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of May 24, 2018, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
NATIONAL SPINAL CORD INJURY AWARENESS MONTH Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 627, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 627) designating Sep-tember 2018 as ‘‘National Spinal Cord Injury Awareness Month.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. FLAKE. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 627) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
AUTHORIZING DOCUMENT PRODUC-TION BY THE SELECT COM-MITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 628, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 628) to authorize doc-ument production by the Select Committee on Intelligence in United States v. Paul J. Manafort, Jr. (D.D.C.). 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. FLAKE. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 628) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s RECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, SEP-TEMBER 13, 2018, AND MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 2018 Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ, to then convene for a pro forma session only, with no business being conducted, on Thursday, September 13, at 9:45 a.m. I further ask that when the Senate adjourns on Thursday, Sep-tember 13, it next convene at 2 p.m., Monday, September 17, and that fol-lowing the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning business be closed; fur-ther, that upon the conclusion of morn-ing business and notwithstanding the orders of September 6, the Senate pro-ceed to the consideration of H.R. 6 and that debate time on H.R. 6 and S. 2554 run concurrently, be equally divided in the usual form, and be considered ex-pired at 5:30 p.m., and that the Senate then proceed to votes in relation to S. 2554 and H.R. 6, with all other provi-sions under the previous orders remain-ing in effect. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:45 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 7:52 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, September 13, 2018, 9:45 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
EARLE D. LITZENBERGER, OF CALIFORNIA, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF AZERBAIJAN. PATRICIA MAHONEY, OF VIRGINIA, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER– COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF BENIN. JOHN MARK POMMERSHEIM, OF FLORIDA, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF TAJIKISTAN. AUSTIN M. SMITH, OF SOUTH CAROLINA, TO BE ALTER-NATE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA FOR SPECIAL POLITICAL AFFAIRS IN THE UNITED NATIONS, WITH THE RANK OF AMBASSADOR. AUSTIN M. SMITH, OF SOUTH CAROLINA, TO BE AN AL-TERNATE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE UNITED STATES OF 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A12SE6.048 S12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6156 September 12, 2018 
AMERICA TO THE SESSIONS OF THE GENERAL ASSEMBLY OF THE UNITED NATIONS DURING HIS TENURE OF SERV-ICE AS ALTERNATE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA FOR SPECIAL POLITICAL AFFAIRS IN THE UNITED NATIONS. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. TIMOTHY G. FAY 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR REGULAR AP-POINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
KURT J. CYR THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
BRIAN D. MCMANUS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
EDWARD J. MALONEY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: To be colonel 
CRAIG S. GATZEMEYER 
f 
DISCHARGED NOMINATION The Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs was discharged from further consideration of the following nomination under the authority of the order of the Senate of 01/07/2009 and the nomination was placed on the Executive Calendar: 
*RAE OLIVER, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE INSPECTOR GEN-ERAL, DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOP-MENT. 
*Nominee has committed to respond to requests to appear and testify before any duly constituted committee of the Senate. 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate September 12, 2018: DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
CHERITH NORMAN CHALET, OF NEW JERSEY, TO BE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE UNITED NATIONS FOR U.N. MANAGEMENT AND REFORM, WITH THE RANK OF AMBASSADOR. CHERITH NORMAN CHALET, OF NEW JERSEY, TO BE AN ALTERNATE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE SESSIONS OF THE GENERAL ASSEM-BLY OF THE UNITED NATIONS, DURING HER TENURE OF SERVICE AS REPRESENTATIVE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE UNITED NATIONS FOR U.N. MANAGE-MENT AND REFORM. 
DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY  
CHARLES P. RETTIG, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE COMMIS-SIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE FOR THE TERM EXPIR-ING NOVEMBER 12, 2022. 
f 
WITHDRAWAL Executive Message transmitted by the President to the Senate on Sep-tember 12, 2018 withdrawing from fur-ther Senate consideration the fol-lowing nomination: 
STEVEN GARDNER, OF KENTUCKY, TO BE DIRECTOR OF THE OFFICE OF SURFACE MINING RECLAMATION AND ENFORCEMENT, VICE JOSEPH G. PIZARCHIK, WHICH WAS SENT TO THE SENATE ON JANUARY 8, 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A12SE6.003 S12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1229 September 12, 2018 
NATIONAL HISPANIC HERITAGE MONTH 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 12, 2018 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with deep respect and sincere appreciation that I rise to celebrate National Hispanic Heritage Month and its 2018 theme, Hispanics: One Endless Voice to Enhance our Traditions. From September 15, 2018, through October 15, 2018, in honor of Hispanic Heritage Month, the people of the United States will once again celebrate the cultures and tradi-tions and reflect on the many outstanding con-tributions our Hispanic brothers and sisters have made throughout our country’s history. Hispanic Heritage Month, which begins each year on September 15, recognizes the anni-versaries of the independence of five Latin American countries: Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, and Nicaragua. Mexico and Chile observe their independence days on September 16 and September 18, respec-tively. Since its inception as National Hispanic Heritage Week in 1968, which later became National Hispanic Heritage Month in 1988, Americans have taken this time to not only honor the rich culture and traditions of His-panic Americans, but also to reflect on the tre-mendous impact Hispanic Americans have had within their communities and throughout our nation. The tireless efforts of generations of Hispanic Americans have resulted in a bet-ter America. America’s success is reliant upon the rich heritage and cultural diversity of its people. Hispanic Heritage Month celebrates the many Hispanic leaders and members of our commu-nities who have added to the prosperity of the United States in every facet of our society. Mr. Speaker, at this time, I ask you and my other distinguished colleagues to once again join me in recognizing Hispanic Heritage Month. Throughout America’s history, present, and future, the Hispanic community has played and will continue to play a major role in enriching the quality of life for the people of the United States, and for their outstanding contributions they are worthy of our respect and gratitude. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF A JOINT RESO-LUTION, PROVIDING FOR THE DESIGNATION OF A FREEDOM TO CHOOSE THEIR DESTINY FOR THE NATIONS OF EASTERN EU-ROPE AND EURASIA WEEK 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 12, 2018 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my fellow co-chairs of the bipartisan Con-gressional Ukraine Caucus to introduce a Joint Resolution, which reaffirms the sovereignty and the freedom to choose their destiny for the people of Europe and Eurasia. Since the fall of communism, the countries of Eastern Europe and Eurasia have made great progress in developing democratic insti-tutions, free markets, and strong civil soci-eties. Many have demonstrated their commit-ment to these important ideals through their accession in liberal institutions such as the European Union and that NATO Alliance, which are critical to our national security. Indeed, the American people have stood with freedom-lovers across this region, to spread the blessings of liberty and democracy to these nations. For this reason since 1959, the President of the United States has pro-claimed the third week of July as ‘‘Captive Na-tions Week.’’ This very special occasion shined a light on the plight of nations op-pressed by Soviet Russian regime, and con-tinues to reaffirm America’s commitment to those dedicated to democracy, rule of law, freedom, and justice. Tragically, Russia’s thirst for power would seek to thwart the forward progress of these nations. Russia seeks to undermine demo-cratic institutions, and thus strengthen is dic-tatorial and tyrannical hold on that region through hybrid warfare. This includes election meddling, disinformation campaigns, extrajudicial assassinations, the intimidation of journalists, and other forms of despicable be-havior. Russia invaded and illegally occupies regions of Ukraine and Georgia, and seeks to rip away these nations’ ability to choose their democratic future. It is a shame to have such bestial behavior on this earth. This resolution builds on the ‘‘Captive Na-tions Week’’ Resolution, and invites the Presi-dent through an annual proclamation to set the record straight that all nations have the right to self-determination, territorial sov-ereignty, and to choose their own destinies. It sends a message to our partners in the region that we stand with those that embrace liberty, instead of those that seek to tear it down. By standing together, we ensure a more demo-cratic, secure, and prosperous world. f 
IN HONOR OF RICHARD AND MARIA STONE 
HON. PETE SESSIONS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 12, 2018 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor two wonderful Texans, Maria and Rich-ard Stone, who are celebrating their 60th wed-ding anniversary on November 14, 2018. In addition to being a living husband and fa-ther, Richard is a decorated Army veteran who honorably served for over 25 years, including two tours in Vietnam. He then worked for the government in logistics at Fort Sill in Okla-homa. He received the Bronze Star, Army Commendation Medal, Meritorious Service Medal, Combat Infantryman’s Badge, Republic of Vietnam Gallantry Cross with Palm, and the German Army Marksman badge in bronze. Maria and Richard now reside in Frisco, Texas. Congratulations to them on this 60 years of marriage together. May they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many more years to come. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF A CONCERT COMMEMORATING THE SAC-RIFICE OF CZECH, SLOVAK, AND CROATIAN PEOPLES IN WORLD WAR I 
HON. EMANUEL CLEAVER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 12, 2018 Mr. CLEAVER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of an event taking place in my dis-trict, the Fifth District of Missouri, at the Na-tional World War I Museum and Memorial in Kansas City, Missouri. On September 13, 2018, the Concert to Commemorate Sacrifice will take place in remembrance of the im-mense sacrifice of the Czech, Slovak, and Croatian peoples, as well as the centennial of their independence and an end to the Great War. This concert is provided by a global part-nership between the National World War I Mu-seum and Memorial, the Czech and Slovak Club of Greater Kansas City, University of Missouri—Kansas City Conservatory of Music and Dance, Embassies of the Czech Republic, Slovak Republic, the Republic of Croatia, and the honorary consuls of the Czech Republic, Slovak Republic, and Republic of Croatia in Kansas City, MO and Kansas City, KS. A plethora of works from the Czech, Slovak, and Croatian lands will be performed under the direction of William A. Everett, the Cura-tors’ Distinguished Professor of Musicology at UMKC; guest conductor and pianist, Ivan Pernicki of Zagreb, Croatia; and Music Direc-tor, Rick Mikesic. The concert will prominently feature the national anthems of the United States of America and of the Republics of Czech, Slovak, and Croatia, along with works by famed Czech, Slovak, and Croatian com-posers such as: Fratis˘ek Drdla, Rudolf Friml, Dora Pjac˘evic´, Josip S˘tolcer-Slavenski, Ja´n Levoslav Bella, Franjo Markovic´, Ivan Zajc and Ludwig van Beethoven. Furthermore, it is important to note that the valiant service and sacrifice of the Czecho-slovak Legion contributed to the formation of a sovereign Czech Republic, Slovak Republic, and Republic of Croatia. The Czechoslovak Legionnaires were an entirely voluntary force of 100,000 strong and their contribution to the war effort spanned many conflicts among every front of the war. I cannot think of a more fitting way to honor the sacrifice of these indi-viduals than by a performance of their adopted battle cry, the ‘‘U boj’’, at a concert in their honor, held at a memorial dedicated to all lives lost in World War I. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K12SE8.001 E12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1230 September 12, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in commemo-rating the centennial of the end of World War I and the many military and civilian lives lost in that conflict and recognizing those who have come together for the Concert to Com-memorate Sacrifice. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MASTER CHIEF PETTY OFFICER JOHN BOUGHTON 
HON. SCOTT R. TIPTON 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 12, 2018 Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Master Chief Petty Officer John Boughton for his service to both the Third Congressional District of Colorado and the en-tire nation. Officer Boughton dedicated 24 years of his life serving in the United States Navy. Once his honorable service came to an end, he used his wealth of military experience to en-hance the lives of others in his community, spending 16 years as a naval science instruc-tor at Montrose High School and Olathe High School. His work in the school system helped build the character of countless hundreds of young men and women who served as his ca-dets in the Navy Junior Reserve Officers Training Corps (NJROTC). Chief Boughton played an integral role in taking the Montrose High School and Olathe High School NJROTC program to the nation-ally recognized competitive state champion-ship on three separate occasions. Both schools’ teams made their mark as a drill and marksmanship team, becoming nationally ranked in shooting for over 10 years. Chief Boughton’s extraordinary care and dedication, positioned his cadets to achieve such suc-cess. To create additional growth opportunities for his students, Chief Boughton built the school district’s first STEM Sea Perch Tank and began holding Sea Perch Competition games for area cadets several years ago. As a result of his hard work and commit-ment to his students, Chief Boughton has been awarded several honors by various orga-nizations in his community. Chief Boughton was named the Colorado Citizen Education Teacher of the Year in 2011 and 2012 by the Department of Colorado Veterans of Foreign Wars. He has also been nominated three times for the Montrose County School District Teacher of the Year during his tenure as a NJROTC instructor. Mr. Speaker, Chief Boughton has spent his life in service to his country, his community and his students. His work has had an indel-ible impact and it is my honor to acknowledge his achievements, as well as express heartfelt gratitude for his service. I wish him luck in his future endeavors. IN REMEMBRANCE OF THOSE LOST AND THOSE WHO GAVE AND RISKED THEIR LIVES DURING THE TERRORIST ATTACKS LAUNCHED AGAINST THE UNITED STATES ON SEPTEMBER 11, 2001 HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 12, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, on the 17th anniversary of the attack launched against the United States on September 11, 2001, I rise to remember the victims of that horrific tragedy and those first-responders who risked, and in too many cases, sacrificed their lives to rescue the occupants of the besieged World Trade Center Towers. The morning of September 11, 2001 is, and will always be, a day like no other. It is a day all living Americans will remem-ber because not since Pearl Harbor had there been such a dastardly and deadly attack on American soil. Seventeen years later, my heart still grieves for those who perished on flights United Air-lines 93, American Airlines 77, American Air-lines 11, and United Airlines 175. When the sun rose on the morning of Sep-tember 11, none of us knew that it would end in an inferno in the magnificent World Trade Center Towers in New York City and the Pen-tagon and in the grassy fields of Shanksville, Pennsylvania. I stand here remembering those who still suffer, whose hearts still ache over the loss of so many innocent and interrupted lives. My prayer is that for those who lost a father, a mother, a husband, a wife, a child, or a friend will in the days and years ahead take comfort in the certain knowledge that they have gone on to claim the greatest prize, a place in the Lord’s loving arms. And down here on the ground, their memory will never die so long as I any of the many of us who loved them lives. Mr. Speaker, as hard as it is to believe, out of a tragedy so overwhelming and horrific, something good and great emerged in the aftermath of September 11. On that day there were no Republicans or Democrats. There were no Northerners or Southerners or West or East Coasters. We were not Red State or Blue State. We were all simply Americans. On that day, we were united in our shock and anger and sadness. We were united in our resolve to defend our country and protect the freedoms that has made America the greatest country in the his-tory of the world. We lit candles, held hands, helped neigh-bors, and prayed for our country and its lead-ers. A united America can never be defeated as Operation Enduring Freedom showed. The brave and valiant armed forces of the United States swiftly toppled the Taliban and liberated Afghanistan. As President George W. Bush announced to the American people and to the world: ‘‘Whether the terrorists are brought to justice or justice is brought to the terrorists, justice will be done.’’ And though he ran and hid for almost ten years, Osama bin Ladin could not hide forever and evade the long arm of American justice, which, under the leadership of President Barack Obama, caught up with him on May 2, 2011. Mr. Speaker, Americans take care of their own. Americans cherish freedom. Americans cherish liberty. And Americans want peace. Not just for themselves alone, but all per-sons in every corner of the globe. Mr. Speaker, ensuring that American is safe and secure and protected from another attack on American soil is the least we owe to the heroic passengers on Flight 93 and to the brave firefighters of the FDNY and officers of the NYPD and the officers and civilians we lost in the Pentagon who gave faithful service to our nation. Americans want their country to remain safe, free, and invulnerable to another cow-ardly attack like the one we witnessed seven-teen years ago today. We owe that much to the Americans who lost and gave their lives. We owe it to them to ensure that their chil-dren and loved ones will never again experi-ence such pain, suffering, and loss. We can do this. We must do this. After all, we are Americans. 
f 
2018 LUMINARY AWARDS 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 12, 2018 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect and admiration that I rise to commend the recipients of this year’s NIPSCO Luminary Awards. The Luminary Awards were created to honor prominent individuals or or-ganizations for their exemplary leadership. This year’s honorees include Dr. Vanessa Allen-McCloud, The Nature Conservancy, Jun-ior Achievement of Chicago, Junior Achieve-ment of Northern Indiana, Denarie Kane, and the Multi Agency Academic Cooperative (MAAC) Foundation. For their outstanding contributions to the community in Northwest Indiana and beyond, the honorees will be rec-ognized at a ceremony on Thursday, Sep-tember 13, 2018, at NiSource Corporate Headquarters in Merrillville, Indiana. Dr. Vanessa Allen-McCloud, president and chief executive officer of the Urban League of Northwest Indiana, is this year’s recipient of the Community Leadership Award. For her re-markable dedication to public and social serv-ice, Dr. Allen-McCloud is worthy of the highest praise. The recipient of this year’s Environmental Stewardship Award is The Nature Conser-vancy. The organization has protected millions of acres of land and thousands of rivers throughout the world. We are truly grateful for their conservation efforts, here in the commu-nity of Northwest Indiana, and beyond. The Education Award will be presented to Junior Achievement of Chicago and Junior Achievement of Northern Indiana. These eco-nomic and mentoring programs prepare stu-dents to achieve success and have made a tremendous positive impact on the youth of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12SE8.003 E12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1231 September 12, 2018 
our communities. We are truly thankful for their great work. Denarie Kane, director of development for the city of Hobart, is this year’s recipient of the Economic Development Award. The city of Hobart is thriving and will continue to flourish due to Ms. Kane’s outstanding leadership and direction, and for her devotion and hard work, she is to be highly commended. The Multi Agency Academic Cooperative Foundation is the recipient of the Public Safety Award. This noteworthy organization offers safety training opportunities for first respond-ers and provides important public safety for our communities. Mr. Speaker, I ask you and my other col-leagues to join me in commending these re-markable leaders, innovators, and organiza-tions. For their outstanding contributions to the community of Northwest Indiana and their un-wavering commitment to improving the quality of life for its residents, each recipient is worthy of the honors bestowed upon them. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF JOHN GEORGE ZARCARO 
HON. BRIAN BABIN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 12, 2018 Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to re-member John George Zarcaro who passed away on August 18, 2018 at the age of 85 from a rare and aggressive type of kidney cancer. The son of two Italian immigrants, John was born May 6, 1933, in Asbury Park, New Jer-sey. He graduated high school from LaSalle Military Academy in Long Island, New York. Much to his mother’s chagrin, he went on to graduate from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) with a degree in Aero-nautical Engineering. After college, John joined the United States Navy and became a pilot. He flew several planes, but his favorite was the A–4 Skyhawk. John often told the story of flying an S2F Tracker over the Atlantic during a storm when he bypassed landing on a Navy carrier thir-teen times because of the ferocious pitch of the sea in darkness. When Zarcaro finally landed the plane on the carrier, the crew cele-brated this act (a ship record) by baking him a cake. The story illustrates much about this remarkable man: grace under pressure, deter-mination and skill, and humility. John continued to serve the country when he joined the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) during Project Mercury. In 1984, he started his own business, Geo- Control Systems, with the help of friends and investors. There, Zarcaro continued his serv-ice to the space program. He loved his military and civil service careers and treasured his time working with the immensely talented men and women of this nation’s space program. John or ‘‘Z’’, as many of his friends knew him, spent a lifetime cultivating happiness, ad-venture, and joy. He met the love of his life, Rose Veronica Gonzalez, in Kingsville, Texas, and they married October 4, 1957. Rose and John celebrated their 60th wedding anniver-sary and a lifetime of love last year with their family. John leaves behind a family that will miss him greatly: his loving wife Rose; son John Jo-seph, daughter-in-law Sandy, and grand-children John Anthony, Ariana, Sophie, and Nicholas; son Michael, daughter-in-law Sarah, and grandchildren Michael and Emily; daugh-ter Rosanne and partner Chuck, and son An-thony. Mr. Speaker, as chairman of the House Subcommittee on Space, it is my honor to re-member the life of space pioneer, John George Zarcaro. f 
TRIBUTE TO LINDA AND JIM CRAGO 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 12, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Linda and Jim Crago of Diagonal, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 60th wedding anniversary. Their lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa’s values. As the years pass, may their love continue to grow even stronger and may they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many more years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 60 years together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF OFFICER RYAN CUENI 
HON. DAVID P. JOYCE 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 12, 2018 Mr. JOYCE of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize Painesville Police Officer Ryan Cueni for receiving the Medal of Honor on Wednesday, September 5, 2018. Officer Cueni was awarded the honor by the Lake County Chiefs of Police Association for his ac-tions of bravery taken when facing an armed suspect on February 2, 2017. After responding to a reported break-in, Officer Cueni and his partner arrived to the scene to an armed sus-pect holding a mother at knifepoint while her two children were hiding. Without regard for his own safety, Officer Cueni climbed over a dresser, turning his back to the armed suspect, and ushered both chil-dren to safety. Officer Cueni proceeded to free the mother from knifepoint. The suspect was ultimately tasered by Officer Cueni’s partner. Because of Officer Cueni’s bravery, all three victims were unharmed. I am extremely proud to have such a coura-geous and hardworking officer in my district. After 21 years of service, the City of Paines-ville is honored to have Officer Cueni pro-tecting its citizens. CELEBRATING CONEWAGO TOWN-SHIP’S BICENTENNIAL ANNIVER-SARY HON. SCOTT PERRY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 12, 2018 Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and congratulate Conewago Township on its 200th Anniversary. Conewago Township formally was created in 1818 from portions of Newberry and Dover Townships. The name ‘‘Conewago’’ is of Iro-quois Native American origin, meaning ‘‘at the rapids.’’ The Township’s authentic natural beauty, underscored by its rolling hills and rich farmland, give our residents great sense of pride in our community. In the past eight years alone, Conewago Township has undergone a significant housing boon, increasing its popu-lation from 7,510 to almost 9,000, an increase of nearly 20 percent. Conewago is the home to two villages, Zion View and Strinestown, the latter being founded in 1800. Residents are hard-working and self-less; their generosity of spirit is perhaps best exemplified in the 200th Anniversary celebra-tion itself; while they will mark a significant milestone in their community’s history, they also will have a Red Cross blood drive and donate to Northeastern Food Bank. On behalf of Pennsylvania’s 4th District, I commend and congratulate Conewago Town-ship, Pennsylvania, on its 200th Anniversary and wish our residents the very best in their future adventures. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO PHIL NEUENFELDT 
HON. GWEN MOORE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 12, 2018 Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Phil Neuenfeldt who is retiring as President of the Wisconsin State AFL–CIO after 8 years of service in the role. Phil began his career on the shop floor in the manufac-turing sector, as an active member of the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. He held various positions of leadership in his local union, including Chair of the bargaining committee where he fought for fair contracts and improved health and safety conditions for fellow workers. Prior to his election as President of the Wis-consin State AFL–CIO, Phil served as both the Secretary-Treasurer and Legislative Direc-tor there. As Legislative Director, Phil Neuenfeldt worked tirelessly to strengthen the Wisconsin labor movement. He advanced a working family agenda which included: ex-panded ability for workers to organize, pro-tected prevailing wage, defended the Family and Medical Leave Act, promoted teaching labor education in schools, pushed for fair tax codes and closing of corporate loopholes, fought against the privatization of public serv-ice jobs and promoted the creation and reten-tion of manufacturing jobs. Phil as President was a central member in the broad coalition that was created to fight back against egre-gious attacks on labor in 2011 and 2012, and served as a spark that reignited our labor 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K12SE8.002 E12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1232 September 12, 2018 
movement in Wisconsin, the nation and around the world. Phil has been a proponent of developing strategies to upgrade worker skills and ad-dress changes in technology and the economy including initiatives such as the Wisconsin Re-gional Training Partnership and Worker Cen-tered Learning initiatives that are now national models for training and job creation. He knew the labor movement must continuously evolve in order to stay relevant in today’s fast-chang-ing workforce environment. Further, Phil’s vi-sion for the labor movement extends beyond current union members and he continually took on projects that not only expanded the sphere of solidarity but improved the lives of all working families. He knows that a key to long-term prosperity and a viable middle-class is a dynamic public and manufacturing sector which is why Phil sought to bridge gaps be-tween labor and the community by advancing economic development projects that benefited both union workers, as well as, the community at large. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to call Phil Neuenfeldt my friend, he is a veteran and a father with deep roots in this community. I am pleased to recognize his strong fidelity to both the labor movement and its mission. I have known Phil for over two decades beginning while he served as Legislative Director and was always a welcomed visitor to my State Senate office. He willingly shared with me and my staff, both then and now, his knowledge and valuable insights about labor and many other issues. The citizens of the Fourth Congressional District, the State of Wisconsin and the nation have benefited tremendously from his service because he has fought for the AFL–CIO mis-sion: to raise wages, improve workplace safe-ty, protect worker freedom to collectively bar-gain and for strong contracts that build strong communities to mobilize union members and community partners to advocate for social and economic justice and strive daily to vanquish oppression and make our communities better for all people—regardless of race, color, gen-der, religion, age, sexual orientation, or ethnic or national origin. I am honored for these rea-sons to pay tribute to Mr. Phil Neuenfeldt. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE LIFE OF SERGIO MARCHIONNE 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 12, 2018 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to the distinguished life of Fiat Chrysler CEO Sergio Marchionne. I extend my sin-cerest sympathy to the family, friends and col-leagues of this gifted executive and business leader. My heart goes out to his children, Alessio and Tyler, as well as his partner Manuela Battezzato. Sergio and I had many interactions and conversations over the years and he is someone for whom I had the utmost respect. Thanks to his indefatigable attitude and re-markable dedication, he shepherded the com-pany through very turbulent times. After 2004, he worked closely and gained the trust of the Administration leading to the auto rescue pre-serving a long tradition and legacy of auto-mobiles in Toledo, and across the region. It will come as no surprise to the genera-tions of workers in Toledo that Jeep continues to be named the ‘most patriotic’ brand in America. Thanks to the leadership of Sergio Marchionne, today, Toledo’s Fiat Chrysler Automobile’s Assembly Complex is one of the region’s largest and most modern manufac-turing plants. Since 1941 when Willys-Overland first con-tracted with the United States Military to de-sign the Willys MB, what would become the iconic Jeep Wrangler, Toledoans’ life blood continues to run through every Jeep Wrangler in the world. And nearly 80 years later, our re-gion’s heritage and connection to Jeep grows stronger each day, being a part of and touch-ing the lives of thousands of families. Mr. Marchionne uniquely understood the power of the Jeep brand as a sign of Amer-ica’s can-do and industrious culture, tripling annual sales of the brand to 1.9 million auto-mobiles in seven years. As the proud home of the Jeep Liberty, the Toledo community ex-presses its deepest gratitude to him for his productive life, sparkling imagination and re-spectful manner to both management and workers. Indeed, he understood in order to create a truly high-quality, global brand, work-ers need be given first-order priority. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Marchionne surely left his mark on our community and throughout our auto-producing American Heartland. I am proud to join thousands of workers and others across the region in saluting his life and pay-ing tribute to his legacy. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. WILLIAM CARSON ‘‘BILL’’ PROUT 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 12, 2018 Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Mr. William Carson ‘‘Bill’’ Prout on the occasion of his retirement from Green Top Sporting Goods, an iconic small business in the heart of Virginia’s First District. Bill has dedicated twenty-two years to Green Top, re-flecting his lifelong commitment to service and excellence in our community. Prior to joining Green Top, Bill served our country as a Sergeant in the United States Army. During his tours of duty, Bill served in Abera, Ethiopia, and Udorn, Thailand before volunteering for service in Vietnam where he served with the Army Security Agency. After his time in the Army, Bill worked at Cherry, Bekaert & Holland for twenty-five years, dem-onstrating his dedication and determination as a leader. Once at Green Top Sporting Goods, Bill rose through the ranks to become Presi-dent and CEO, leading through change and example. He oversaw the company’s move to their current 67,000 square foot location and their expansion from around 50 employees to over 120. Under Bill’s guidance, Green Top has solidified itself as a shining example of small business excellence. Bill has been married to his wife, Patty, for forty-seven years and has two children, Billy and Corey, and four grandchildren, Andrew, Mattie, Sloan, and Teddy. In his well-deserved retirement, Bill is looking forward to spending time with his family and visiting Virginia Beach, as well as staying active with the Mount Vernon Baptist Church in Richmond where he has attended for twenty-six years. Mr. Speaker, I ask you to join me in recog-nizing the lifetime of accomplishments of Mr. William Carson ‘‘Bill’’ Prout, a true servant, leader, and outstanding member of our com-munity. May God bless Bill and his family as they enter this new phase of life, and on be-half of America’s First District, I say thank you. f 
TRIBUTE TO SHERIFF FRED M
CKEE 
HON. SCOTT R. TIPTON 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 12, 2018 Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Delta County Sheriff Fred McKee of Gunnison, Colorado for his steadfast service to his community as he prepares for retire-ment. For Sheriff McKee, service to his coun-try started early. He spent three years in the United States Army and was stationed in Ger-many. Shortly after his military service ended, his 40-year career as a law enforcement offi-cer in Colorado began. He started as a dispatcher and detention of-ficer with the Rio Grande County Sheriff’s Of-fice and in 1991, he was appointed Under-sheriff of Rio Grande County Sheriff’s Office. As a result of his commitment to the commu-nity, Sheriff McKee was awarded the San Luis Peace Officer of the year award. Early in 2000, the spread of methamphet-amine reached epidemic levels in the Seventh Judicial District, where Sheriff McKee worked. He was instrumental in the implementation and ultimate success of the Seventh Judicial Drug Task Force that fought the use and dis-tribution of methamphetamine. Sheriff McKee worked tirelessly for the Seventh Judicial Drug Task Force, and he also saw the importance of helping those who were addicted receive treatment. With the assistance of Colorado Attorney General John Struthers, Sheriff McKee helped to create a comprehensive community re-sponse plan to combat and prevent meth-amphetamine use in 2006, which came to be known as ‘‘The Delta Model.’’ He and his offi-cers’ hard work on this project led to their na-tional recognition for this innovative program. Today, the program is still running strong thanks to Sheriff McKee’s hard work and is now known as ‘‘Drug Free Delta County’’. Throughout his career, Sheriff McKee made a name for himself in the law enforcement community and with the citizens of Delta County for being fair, honest and involved. Sheriff McKee is not only successful in his professional life, but his personal life as well. Sheriff McKee and his wife Julie, of 46 years, have raised two children, Landon and Shanda, and have been blessed with six grandchildren that keep them busy every day. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the Third Con-gressional District of Colorado, I would like to thank Sheriff McKee for his commitment to justice and service in Colorado. I wish him luck as he enjoys a well-earned retirement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE8.009 E12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1233 September 12, 2018 
TRIBUTE TO DIANE AND DEAN BOVAIRD 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 12, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Diane and Dean Bovaird of Corning, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anniversary. Diane and Dean’s lifelong commitment to each other truly embodies our Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anniversary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one an-other for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Diane and Dean Bovaird on this meaningful occasion and in wishing them both nothing but continued happiness. 
f 
HONORING LOUISE ROURKE AND BRIDGET SIMPSON FOR THEIR SWIM TO FIGHT POLIO 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 12, 2018 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize Louise Rourke and Bridget Simpson, who swam across Lake George to raise awareness and funds for polio. Hailing from Queensbury, New York, Louise Rourke is a 64-year-old polio survivor. Diag-nosed at only 6 months old, she underwent multiple corrective surgeries and wore a metal leg brace as a child. Despite these challenges, Louise was committed to living an active and healthy lifestyle, and pursued her love of swimming during her youth at her family’s va-cation home in Lake George. Later in her life, Louise met Bridget Simp-son, a long-distance swimmer who swam across Lake George solo in 2017. The two im-mediately became friends, both inspired by the other’s story. Bridget began coaching Louise on her swimming techniques and encouraged her to pursue her own long-distance swim. The duo decided on a relay swim across Lake George, alternating swimming five to six miles at a time. Swimming in support of polio research, Lou-ise and Bridget started in Lake George Village at 6:30 a.m. on June 30, 2018, and completed the 32-mile relay across the lake to Diane’s Rock in Ticonderoga in under 24 hours. Through their inspiring story, Louise and Bridget raised $20,000 to help Rotary Inter-national’s initiative to eliminate polio. The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation matched these funds 2-to-1, totaling to a whopping $60,000 toward the eradication of polio. I am so proud of Louise’s motivation and success in completing her goal, and of Bridg-et’s dedicated mentorship. On behalf of New York’s 21st District, I want to give Louise Rourke and Bridget Simpson my utmost praise and thanks for their dedication to eradicating polio. IN RECOGNITION OF DANIEL J. SANTANIELLO, THE 2018 COLUM-BUS DAY ASSOCIATION OF LACKAWANNA COUNTY MAN OF THE YEAR HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 12, 2018 Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Daniel Santaniello, who will be recognized as the Man of the Year by the Co-lumbus Day Association of Lackawanna Coun-ty. Daniel will be celebrated during the Asso-ciation’s 110th annual banquet on Sunday, October 7. Daniel, the son of Anthony and Trudy Quinnan Santaniello, was born and raised in Lackawanna County. He is a graduate of North Pocono High School and received his degree in accounting from Marywood Univer-sity. Daniel currently lives in Moscow, Penn-sylvania with his wife, Tina, and their four chil-dren, Angelo, Anthony, Lauren, and Daniel. Since December 2010, Daniel has served as the President and Chief Executive Officer for Fidelity Bank. Under his leadership, Fidelity Bank’s assets have increased by over fifty percent. The bank has been ranked in the ‘‘Top 200 Community Banks in the Country’’ five years in a row by the American Bankers Association and named as the number one community bank brand by a blind market study. Fidelity has additionally been the num-ber one mortgage lender in Lackawanna County for seven consecutive years, according to peer community bank and Home Mortgage Disclosure Act (HMDA) data. Daniel is dedicated to serving his commu-nity and lending his time to many local philan-thropic and civic organizations across North-eastern Pennsylvania. He currently serves on the Board of Directors for Pennsylvania Asso-ciation of Bankers. He is Chairman Emeritus for the Board of Directors of the Greater Scranton Chamber of Commerce, President of the Scranton Cultural Center’s Board of Direc-tors, and the 2nd Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors for Friendship House. Daniel fur-ther serves as Treasurer for the Prostate Can-cer Awareness Foundation, the St. Joseph’s Center Foundation Board, and the Lacka-wanna Workforce Investment Board. He also volunteers his time with the Women’s Re-source Center, Marywood University, and his local church, St. Eulalia Parish. It is an honor to recognize Daniel as he is celebrated as the Man of the Year by the Co-lumbus Day Association of Lackawanna Coun-ty. I wish him all the best and thank him for his service to the community of Northeastern Pennsylvania. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ORVILLE ‘‘DEAN’’ M
CWHORTER 
HON. KEN CALVERT 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 12, 2018 Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and pay tribute to Orville ‘‘Dean’’ McWhorter, who passed away in his home in Norco, California, on Tuesday, July 24, 2018. Dean, a devoted family man, served his nation in the Vietnam War. He will be deeply missed. Dean graduated from La Serna High School in Whittier, California, in 1969. Not long after graduating high school, Dean joined the Army and was a member of the 101st Airborne Divi-sion during the war in Vietnam. After he re-turned home from Vietnam, Dean began work-ing as an electrical designer at Fluor Corpora-tion and other engineering firms. After 37 years, Dean ultimately finished his career with MARMAC Engineering. After retiring at age 62, Dean and his wife Robin spent time look-ing for the perfect house and ultimately settled in Norco to be near his children and grand-children, who meant the world to him. Dean enjoyed the great outdoors, fishing, guns, hunting, horseback riding, ping-pong, playing pool and camping. He was a devoted Christian, a patriot, and a big sports enthu-siast. He loved animals, music, classic cars and motorcycles, a good joke, a great meal, and holiday family get-togethers. Dean leaves behind his loving wife Robin; his daughters Jenny and Brandi; their husbands and chil-dren; Dean’s oldest brother Lee; Lee’s wife Janet; Lee’s two daughters Leanne and Kristi; their spouses and children; and Dean’s loving mother Delona Louise. I extend my heartfelt condolences to the McWhorter family, his friends, and everyone fortunate enough to know Dean. Although Dean may be gone, the many contributions he made to his country, community and family will have a lasting impact. f 
TRIBUTE TO MARGE AND STEVE PIERCE 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 12, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor and congratulate Marge and Steve Pierce of Oakland, Iowa, on their induction into the Iowa 4–H Hall of Fame during a cere-mony at the Iowa State Fair. Inductees to the Hall of Fame have demonstrated dedication, encouragement, commitment and guidance to Iowa’s 4–H students through the years. Marge and Steve were nominated by the East Pottawattamie County Extension office. Marge and Steve have been dedicated vol-unteers for the Pottawattamie County Fair and the East Pottawattamie County 4–H program for over 25 years. They are honorary mem-bers of the East Pottawattamie 4–H and have not missed more than one county fair in 40 years. Marge and Steve are the second family generation to be inducted into the Iowa 4–H Hall of Fame. Their commitment to 4–H in Pottawattamie County has helped set the standard of excellence in promoting this orga-nization for the youth of this community. Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate Marge and Steve Pierce for earning this award. They are shining examples of how hard work and dedication can affect the future of our youth. I urge my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives to join me in con-gratulating Marge and Steve for their many ac-complishments in the 4–H community. I wish them continued success and the very best in all of their future endeavors. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE8.013 E12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1234 September 12, 2018 
HONORING THE WORK OF ST. JOSEPH’S CATHOLIC CHURCH 
HON. KEVIN YODER 
OF KANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 12, 2018 Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the work of St. Joseph’s Catholic Church in Shawnee, Kansas. This year will mark the 150th anniversary of the founding of St. Joseph’s, and I share in celebrating this momentous milestone. St. Joseph’s boasts one of largest Parishes in the Archdiocese of Kansas City and supports both a grade school and an early education center. The small frontier town of Shawnee was founded in 1857, and one year later St. Jo-seph’s Catholic Church opened its doors to minister to the growing and diverse commu-nity. Today, 150 years later, St. Joseph’s con-tinues to play an important role in the health and spiritual lives of people in Johnson Coun-ty. This is a parish dedicated to the education of our youth and the well-being of our commu-nity, and I can only imagine the accomplish-ments the church will amass in the next 150 years. I want to acknowledge the dedication of the congregation and ministry to spiritual growth, and wish them continued success as they share the Good News and meet the ever- changing needs of the congregation and sur-rounding neighborhoods. 
f 
RECOGNIZING KATHERINE L. CRUZ ON HER WORK AT THE ROCK IS-LAND ARSENAL 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 12, 2018 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Katherine L. Cruz on her retirement from the U.S. Army Armament Research, De-velopment and Engineering Center in Rock Is-land, Illinois. Ms. Cruz has spent over 34 years in federal civilian service at the Rock Island Arsenal, which plays such an important role in pro-viding our soldiers with the resources they need at war and at peace. In her role as a Product Quality Manager for Small Arms, Ms. Cruz was committed to ensuring our troops were well equipped by manufacturing a variety of products. Throughout her time at the Arse-nal, Ms. Cruz gained the reverence of her col-leagues due to her attention to detail, deep knowledge of her work and friendly spirit. I would like to recognize her years of service and thank her for her commitment to the Rock Island Arsenal and our troops. I wish her well as she begins to enjoy a well-deserved retire-ment and exits a role she dutifully performed. It is because of dedicated and hardworking people such as Ms. Cruz that I am especially proud to serve Illinois’ 17th Congressional Dis-trict. Mr. Speaker, I would like to again for-mally recognize Ms. Cruz for an outstanding career. PERSONAL EXPLANATION HON. ANNA G. ESHOO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 12, 2018 Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to be present during roll call vote number 393 on September 7, 2018, due to recent surgery. Had I been present, I would have vote no on roll call vote No. 393. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. ARTIE RANSONE 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 12, 2018 Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of community leader Mr. Artie M. Ransone of Lively, Virginia. Mr. Ransone has worked tirelessly in our area as an avid volun-teer, a small business owner, a model of gen-erosity, and a proud supporter of a grateful community. In service to Lancaster County, Artie has worked as Secretary of the County Electoral Board, has served as a member on the Coun-ty Economic Development Committee, has spent ten years as a member of the Lancaster Jaycees, and has spent nineteen years as a volunteer firefighter. Additionally, he has been a long-time member of the Loyal Order of Moose, Lancaster County Lodge No. 2527, where he has served four terms as Governor, and five years as Administrator. Not only has he been an active leader in his local lodge, Artie has also served as District 3 President, President of the Virginia Moose Association, and has been appointed as the Deputy Su-preme Governor of Moose International. Artie characterizes the principles of the Loyal Order of Moose: caring for others, build-ing communities, and celebrating life. For his distinguished service to the community, Artie has been awarded the Administrator’s Leader-ship Award of Excellence, the Governor’s Award of Excellence, and multiple Shining Star and Premier Lodge Awards. On Sep-tember 22, 2018, Artie will be honored once again as he is recognized as a Pilgrim of the Order, one of the highest honors of the Order. He will join an elite group of only 170 Pilgrims out of over 30,000 members in the Common-wealth. Mr. Speaker, I ask you to join me in thank-ing and honoring once again Mr. Artie M. Ransone for his building, celebrating, and car-ing for our community, and for his immeas-urable service to Lancaster County. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BETTY AND KEN MILFORD 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 12, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Betty and Ken Milford of Council Bluffs, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 60th wedding anni-versary. They were married on August 2, 1958 in Shields, Kansas. Betty and Ken’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 60th anni-versary, I hope it is filled with happy memo-ries. May their commitment grow even strong-er, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 60th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. f 
CELEBRATING THE 85TH ANNIVER-SARY OF MARTIN’S TAVERN 
HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 12, 2018 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 85th Anniversary of Martin’s Tavern located on Wisconsin Avenue and N Street, NW in Washington, D.C. In the late 1890s, William S. Martin traveled from Galway, Ireland to America. Forty years later in 1933, William S. Martin and his son, William G. Martin, opened Martin’s Tavern on the corner of Wisconsin Avenue and N Street NW in Georgetown. Since then, the warm at-mosphere of Martin’s Tavern has welcomed neighbors and world travelers looking for great food, service and years of history within its walls. In the late 19th century through the early 20th Century, Georgetown remained a blue collar laborers’ port, transporting goods in and out of the Washington region. The Martin family was at the heart of the community, fa-miliar with the many that resided, labored and traveled in Georgetown, setting the tone and spirit of their tavern. This Georgetown landmark has hosted countless political icons—most notably has been every president from Harry Truman (Booth Six) to George W. Bush (Table 12). Over the last eighty-five years, some of the most significant conversations and events would unfold over the tavern’s Irish-American fare. In the 1930s, Benjamin Cohen and Thomas Corcoran, of President Franklin D. Roosevelt’s administration, met in an extension of the tav-ern’s main room called, ‘‘The Dugout.’’ Roo-sevelt’s brain trust would hammer out count-less New Deal legislation including: the Ten-nessee Valley Authority, Securities Exchange Act, the Federal Housing Administration, Se-curities Exchange Commission, the Public Util-ities Holding Company Act, Rural Electrifica-tion Act, and the Fair Employment Act among other New Deal legislation. During World War II, Martin’s Tavern wit-nessed the creation of many plans to gain in-telligence and eventually assist the allies in winning the war. The Office of Strategic Serv-ices, the predecessor of the modern Central Intelligence Agency, held planning meetings and agent briefings in The Dugout. While they were dating, Martin’s Tavern was a favorite spot of then Senator John F. Ken-nedy and Miss Jacqueline Lee Bouvier. On Wednesday, June 24, 1953, Jackie returned from covering the coronation of Queen Eliza-beth II for the Washington Times Herald. That 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12SE8.018 E12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1235 September 12, 2018 
night he popped the question to her in Booth Three and she accepted. One evening in 1954 in Booth Two, five Su-preme Court Justices deliberated on the land-mark case, Brown vs. the Board of Education. Shortly thereafter on May 17, 1954, Chief Jus-tice Earl Warren read the unanimous decision of the Court. The Supreme Court Justices who ruled on Brown vs. the Board of Education were: Chief Justice Earl Warren, Hugo Black, Stanley Forman Reed, Felix Frankfurter, Wil-liam O. Douglas, Robert H. Jackson, Harold Hitz Burton, Tom C. Clark, and Sherman Minton. These are just a few of the many moments Martin’s Tavern has witnessed in our nation’s history. While the regular patrons have changed, many Members of Congress from the House and Senate continue to visit, and great food and service remain a staple. Today, my friend and fourth generation owner, Billy Martin, Jr., continues the tradition of Washing-ton’s oldest family owned restaurant. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and our col-leagues join me in congratulating Martin’s Tav-ern, on the occasion of its 85th Anniversary. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF MICHAEL GEORGE LOWRY, JR. 
HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 12, 2018 Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Michael George Lowry, Jr., age 34, who passed away on September 5th. Michael George Lowry, Jr. was born on De-cember 28, 1983 in Ohio, Youngstown to Mi-chael and Annie Miller Lowry. He was a life-long resident of the Mahoning Valley and a huge Notre Dame and Pittsburgh Steelers fan. After attending both Ursuline and Liberty High Schools, he became a Chemical Dependence Counselor Assistant with Breaking Point and New Day. He was known as an excellent counselor who continually showed love and compassion for those in his care. Outside of work, Michael had a passion for the outdoors, and he enjoyed building fires in his backyard fire pit. Michael was also dedi-cated to improving his community. He was an advocate for the homeless, and a volunteer at local animal shelters. His memory will be cherished by his par-ents, his children; Lillian Lowry, Ava Lowry and her mother, Angela Hernandez, and Olivia and Jackson Lowry and their mother, Rachel Mangine: sister Laura (Alex Chick) Lowry; brother James (Molly) Lowry; nephews James Lowry and Breen Dahman; girlfriend Bethany Hawout; and numerous uncles, aunts, and cousins. Michael was preceded in death by his grandparents, Dutch, Sally, and Nancy Miller and Chuck and Jean Lowry. I have known the Lowry family for many years, and I know Michael is dearly missed. I extend my deepest and sincerest condo-lences. HONORING THE WORLD WAR II AND KOREAN WAR VETERANS OF ILLINOIS HON. MIKE QUIGLEY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 12, 2018 Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the World War II and Korean War veterans who traveled to Washington, D.C. on Sep-tember 12, 2018 with Honor Flight Chicago, a program that provides World War II and Ko-rean War veterans the opportunity to visit their memorials on The National Mall in Wash-ington, D.C. These memorials were built to honor their courage and service to their coun-try. The American Veteran is one of our great-est treasures. The Soldiers, Airmen, Sailors, Marines, and Coast Guardsmen who traveled here on September 12th answered our na-tion’s call to service during one of its greatest times of need. From the European Campaign to the Pacific Asian Theatre to the African Theater, these brave Americans risked life and limb, gave service and sacrificed much, all while embodying what it is to be a hero. We owe them more gratitude than can ever be ex-pressed. I welcome these brave veterans to Wash-ington and to their memorials. I am proud to include in the R
ECORD the names of these men and women for all to see, hear, and rec-ognize, and I call on my colleagues to rise and join me in expressing gratitude. Howard J Adolph, William J Alpers, Thomas A Altosino, John R. Anderson, James A. Bansley, Joyce Luke Barber, Robert L. Borgstrom, Theodore R Borowski, Joseph Bosnyak, David D. Brockman, John M. Brown, Anthony T Buckun, Michael Cadena, Charles Callahan, Gus Candilas, James F. Carsten, Albert Cato, Berry Conner, Roy Dahl, Philip Davis, Richard DeSandre, John M. Fausel, Jo-seph R Forbes, Erwin B Forde, Virgil D. Fos-ter, Edward A Friz, Jon T Fuglestad, Martin V. Garcia, William P Gardaphe, Joseph J. Gauthier, Dominick Geraci, Dominic Giannini, Lawrence Goudzwaard, Homer Grady Jr., Kenneth Grill, Ralph R Gross, Kenneth E. Grudis, William R. Gurolnick. Paul W. Jacobs, Harold Erwin Jerde, Ron-ald D Johnson, Dave Jones, Edwin Kaye, Bruce Killings, Robert A. Kratochvil, Thomas B Larson, William E Leber, James V Leonard, Peter Leuzzi, Donald E Lewandowski, George D. Logothetis, Fred Lott, Edward J. Lukas, Lloyd H. Lundberg, Al J. Mack, John Mahoney, Raymond E Mahoney, Frank Mareska, Donald R Mathews, James D. Mays, Warren McClure, Matthew T McIntyre, Michael L. Meier, Milan Menich, Lawrence J Metz, Jacob Molter, James J Mortell, Gerald L. Netherton, William J Ohlhaber, Raymond W. Olson. Daniel A Pacella, Mercus L. Payne, Robert Porter, Donald Pracht, Howard Pratt, George I. Price, Raymond Przybylski, Raymond Rafter, William Rehbock, Charles W. Richard-son, Robert Riegel, Allen Roderick, Freddie Rouse, Donald A Sandstedt, Nicholas L. Sassone, James F Scheffler, Robert L Schmidt, David I Schuman, James Shields, Paul J Sifter, Richard Smigel, Phillip F Smith, Stanley L. Stock, Charles E. Swickard, Greg-ory Tomaino, Robert A. Traglia, Pasquale A. Valentino, William M. VanDuyn, Vincent Vitucci, Clarence Vos, Richard J Welch, Eu-gene Yale. f 
TRIBUTE TO MARYLIN AND KENNY WEEDA 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 12, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Marylin and Kenny Weeda of Tingley, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 60th wedding anni-versary. They celebrated their anniversary on August 10, 2018. Their lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa’s values. As the years pass, may their love continue to grow even stronger and may they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many more years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 60 years together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
f 
CONGRATULATING MOOERS FREE LIBRARY ON ITS 101ST ANNIVER-SARY 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 12, 2018 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize Mooers Free Library on its 101st Anniversary. Since it first opened its doors to the public in 1917, the Mooers Free Library has worked to provide the community with free access to the world of information and ideas, and to en-hance community life. The Mooers Free Li-brary is part of the Clinton Essex Franklin Li-brary System, which allows residents to re-quest books from any library in the tri-county area, as well as links the library to a world-wide network of books. In order to meet the public’s advancing intel-lectual and cultural needs, just last year the Mooers Free Library opened a brand new building with an updated book collection, new computers, and an afterschool program for children. As Mooers Free Library continues to prosper, the community grows along side it. On behalf of New York’s 21st District, I want to congratulate Mooers Free Library on its 101st Anniversary and thank the dedicated people who work there for their tireless com-mitment to serving the community. 
f 
REMEMBERING JOSEPH BARTON GREER, JR. 
HON. BRADLEY BYRNE 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 12, 2018 Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to remem-ber the life of Joseph Barton ‘‘Bartee’’ Greer, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12SE8.023 E12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1236 September 12, 2018 
Jr., who passed away on July 13, 2018 after a life very well lived. A lifelong Alabamian, Mr. Greer was born on October 14, 1925 and attended Murphy High School in Mobile. He went on to attend the University of Alabama, where he played football for the Crimson Tide. During World War II, Mr. Greer served in the United States Navy. He was stationed in Fort Worth, Texas where he worked as a medic for war victims as they returned home from combat. Following his naval service, he started work-ing with the family business, Autry Greer & Sons, where he worked for over sixty years. The family grocery business grew substantially during his time with the business and now op-erates in multiple states across the Gulf Coast region. After a very proud and successful busi-ness career, he retired as Chairman of the Board. When not working, he enjoyed golf, football, and flying. In fact, Mr. Greer constructed his own airplane in his garage, which he flew around the Mobile area. The plane is now on display at the Southern Museum of Flight in Birmingham, Alabama. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Greer was a steadfast supporter of the local community and a cham-pion of those less fortunate. He served on nu-merous community and philanthropic boards, including his membership in the Rotary Club. He was the definition of a ‘‘family man,’’ and he took great pride in the many successes of his family and friends. On behalf of Alabama’s First Congressional District, I want to share my deepest condo-lences with Mr. Greer’s family and friends. I hope they take great comfort in knowing that his impact will continue to be felt in Mobile and throughout the region for years to come. 
f 
CONGRATULATING HENRY STREET SETTLEMENT 
HON. NYDIA M. VELA´ZQUEZ 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 12, 2018 Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my congratulations to Henry Street Settlement, as it celebrates its 125th year an-niversary on September 13, 2018. Henry Street Settlement is a non-profit orga-nization located in Manhattan’s Lower East Side. In 1893, Henry Street Settlement was founded by Lillian Wald, one of the most influ-ential social reformers of the 20th century. At Henry Street, Wald and her colleagues devel-oped a pioneering model for social reform, spearheading comprehensive social services and educational instruction for New Yorkers living in poverty. Today, Henry Street Settlement provides a variety of services including education, em-ployment, health and wellness, and housing, to over 60,000 New Yorkers each year. A bed-rock of the community’s history, Henry Street has helped welcome immigrants, integrate neighborhoods and alleviate poverty. Mr. Speaker, please join me in congratu-lating Henry Street Settlement and its leader-ship on this special 125th year anniversary. These dedicated individuals exemplify out-standing leadership through their public serv-ice to the community. I wish Henry Street con-tinued success in many more years of service. TRIBUTE TO MARY AND DAVID LUCKINBILL HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 12, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Mary and David Luckinbill of Dexter, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anni-versary. They were married on August 10, 1968. Mary and David’s lifelong commitment to each other truly embodies our Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anniversary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one an-other for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Mary and David on this meaningful occasion and in wishing them both nothing but continued happiness. 
f 
HONORING MARY JANE KUHN 
HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 12, 2018 Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the life of Mary Jane Kuhn, of Milliken. My wife and I had the pleasure of knowing Mary Jane through her incredible work with the Genesis Project of Northern Colorado, where she showed the love of God to single mothers and their children in their times of greatest need. Mary Jane was born in Missouri, but at a young age her family moved to the 70 Ranch near Kersey. In 1964, she graduated from Platte Valley High School, and shortly after-wards she married her husband Richard. Just 4 years ago the two celebrated their 50th wed-ding anniversary. Richard and Mary Jane briefly lived in Ger-many while Richard served in the Air Force, before they moved to Washington, D.C. and then settled again in the Northern Colorado area. Mary Jane’s was a life devoted to people, to her large family, including daughters Christine and Michelle, to the innocent children she fought for with Right to Life, and to the chil-dren she assisted throughout a career spent working in special education. Her outsized presence in this community and in the Resurrection Fellowship church community will be deeply missed. But her leg-acy, in the many people whose lives she im-pacted, will live on. Northern Colorado is a better place because of Mary Jane Kuhn. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE SCHOOL BUS SAFETY ACT 
HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 12, 2018 Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the bill I introduced today along with Sen-ator DUCKWORTH from Illinois, the School Bus Safety Act. No more precious cargo is there than school-aged children entrusted by their par-ents to go and earn an education and pave the way to a better life. The common-sense measures called for in this legislation will save young lives and it’s the right thing to do. In November 2016, there were two high-pro-file school bus accidents in Chattanooga, Ten-nessee and another in Baltimore, Maryland that left 6 school-aged children robbed of their futures. According to a subsequent National Trans-portation Safety Board (NTSB) crash inves-tigation report, seat belts and other safety measures could have prevented the death of those children and no doubt countless others involved in school bus accidents across the United States. That is why I am glad that others have joined in the chorus to improve school bus safety including my colleagues, Representa-tives J
OSH GOTTHEIMER of New Jersey and C
HARLIE CRIST of Florida who have introduced similar legislation, along with Representatives E
LIJAH CUMMINGS from Maryland and J OHN D
UNCAN from my state of Tennessee who joined me earlier this year to call for a hearing on this very matter. Despite the recommendations of the NTSB, the National Highway Traffic Safety Adminis-tration refuses to initiate the process to en-shrine these life-saving measures into federal regulation. As a result of this inaction, Senator D
UCKWORTH and I have put forth the School Bus Safety Act, a comprehensive bill to not only make children safer in the event of a crash, but to promote technologies to prevent crashes in the first place. Buses, like so many passenger vehicles on the road today, should be equipped with auto-matic electronic breaking systems and elec-tronic stability control. It is just common-sense that our children are the safest they can be on their way to and from school. The School Bus Safety Act has been en-dorsed by the Advocates for Highway and Auto Safety as well as the National Safety Council. I urge this body to swiftly pass this legisla-tion so that no other young souls fall victim to our failure to act and make school buses safer. 
f 
DEFENDERS OF THE ALAMO 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 12, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD the names of the Defenders of the Alamo. 
DEFENDERS OF THE ALAMO—MARCH 6, 1836 ABAMILLO, JUAN—TEXAS—UNKNOWN; ALLEN, ROBERT—VIRGINIA—UNKNOWN; ANDROSS, MILES DEFOREST— VERMONT—27; AUTRY, MICAJAH—NORTH CAROLINA—43; BADILLO, JUAN ANTO-NIO—TEXAS—UNKNOWN; BAILEY, PETER JAMES III—KENTUCKY—24; BAKER, ISAAC G.—ARKANSAS—32; BAKER, WIL-LIAM CHARLES M.—MISSOURI—UN-KNOWN; BALLENTINE, JOHN J.—PENN-SYLVANIA—UNKNOWN; BALLENTINE, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12SE8.028 E12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1237 September 12, 2018 
RICHARD W.—SCOTLAND—22; BAUGH, JOHN J.—VIRGINIA—33; BAYLISS, JO-SEPH—TENNESSEE—28; BLAIR, JOHN— TENNESSEE—33; BLAIR, SAMUEL—TEN-NESSEE—29; BLAZEBY, WILLIAM—ENG-LAND—41; BONHAM, JAMES BUTER— SOUTH CAROLINA—29; BOURNE, DAN-IEL—ENGLAND—26; BOWIE, JAMES—KEN-TUCKY—40; BOWMAN, JESSE—TEN-NESSEE—51; BROWN, GEORGE—ENG-LAND—35. BROWN, JAMES MURRY—PENNSYL-VANIA—36; BROWN, ROBERT—UN-KNOWN—18; BUCHANAN, JAMES—UN-KNOWN—23; BURNS, SAMUEL E.—IRE-LAND—26; BUTLER, GEORGE D.—MIS-SOURI—23; CAIN, JOHN—PENNSYL-VANIA—34; CAMPBELL, ROBERT—TEN-NESSEE—26; CAREY, WILLIAM RIDGE-WAY—VIRGINIA—30; CLARK, CHARLES HENRY—MISSOURI—UNKNOWN; CLARK, M.B.—MISSISSIPPI—UNKNOWN; CLOUD, DANIEL WILLIAM—KENTUCKY—22; COCH-RAN, ROBERT E.—NEW HAMPSHIRE—26; COTTLE, GEORGE WASHINGTON—UN-KNOWN—25; COURTMAN, HENRY—GER-MANY—28; CRAWFORD, LEMUEL—SOUTH CAROLINA—22; CROCKETT, DAVID—TEN-NESSEE—49; CROSSMAN, ROBERT—PENN-SYLVANIA—26; CUMMINGS, DAVID P.— PENNSYLVANIA—27; DARST, JACOB C.— KENTUCKY—43; DAVIS, JOHN—KEN-TUCKY—25. DAY, FREEMAN H.K.—UNKNOWN—30; DAY, JERRY C.—MISSOURI—18; DAYMON, SQUIRE—TENNESSEE—28; DEARDUFF, WILLIAM—TENNESSEE—UNKNOWN; DENNISON, STEPHEN—GREAT BRITAIN— 24; DESPALLIER, CHARLES—LOUISIANA— 21; DEWALL, LEWIS—NEW YORK—24; DICKINSON, ALMERON—PENNSYL-VANIA—36; DILLARD, JOHN HENRY—TEN-NESSEE—31; DIMPKINS, JAMES R.—ENG-LAND—UNKNOWN; DUVALT, ANDREW— IRELAND—32; ESPALIER, CARLOS— TEXAS—17; ESPARZA, JOSE MARIA— TEXAS—34; EVANS, ROBERT—IRELAND— 36; EVANS, SAMUEL B.—NEW YORK—24; EWING, JAMES L.—TENNESSEE—24; FAUNTLEROY, WILLIAM H.—KENTUCKY— 22; FISHBAUGH, WILLIAM—GONZALES— UNKNOWN; FLANDERS, JOHN—MASSA-CHUSETTS—36; FLOYD DOLPHIN WARD— NORTH CAROLINA—32. FORSYTH, JOHN HUBBARD—NEW YORK—39; FUENTES, ANTONIO—TEXAS— 23; FUQUA, GALBA—ALABAMA—17; GAR-NETT, WILLIAM—UNKNOWN—24; GARRAND, JAMES W.—LOUISIANA—23; GARRETT, JAMES GIRARD—TEN-NESSEE—30; GARVIN, JOHN E.— GONZALES—27; GASTON, JOHN E.— GONZALES—17; GEORGE, JAMES— GONZALES—34; GOODRICH, JOHN C.—VIR-GINIA—27; GRIMES, ALBERT CALVIN— GEORGIA—19; GWYNNE, JAMES C.—ENG-LAND—32; HANNUM, JAMES—PENNSYL-VANIA—21; HARRIS, JOHN—KENTUCKY— 23; HARRISON, ANDREW JACKSON—TEN-NESSEE—27; HARRISON, WILLIAM B.— OHIO—25; HASKELL, CHARLES M.—UN-KNOWN—23; HAWKINS, JOSEPH M.—IRE-LAND—37; HAYS, JOHN M.—TENNESSEE— 22; HERNDON, PATRICK HENRY—VIR-GINIA—34. HERSEE, WILLIAM DANIEL—ENG-LAND—31; HOLLAND, TAPLEY—OHIO—26; HOLLOWAY, SAMUEL—PENNSYLVANIA— 28; HOWELL, WILLIAM D.—MASSACHU-SETTS—39; JACKSON, THOMAS—IRE-LAND—UNKNOWN; JACKSON, WILLIAM DANIEL—IRELAND—29; JAMESON, GREEN B.—UNKNOWN—27; JENNINGS, GORDON C.—CONNECTICUT—56; JIMENEZ, DAMACIO—TEXAS—UNKNOWN; JOHN— UNKNOWN—UNKNOWN; JOHNSON, LEWIS—VIRGINIA—23; JOHNSON, WIL-LIAM—PENNSYLVANIA—UNKNOWN; JONES, JOHN—NEW YORK—26; KELLOGG, JOHN BENJAMIN—KENTUCKY—19; KENNY, JAMES—VIRGINIA—22; KENT, AN-DREW—KENTUCKY—38; KERR, JOSEPH— LOUISIANA—22; KIMBELL, GEORGE C.— NEW YORK—33; KING, WILLIAM PHILIP— MISSISSIPPI—16; LEWIS, WILLIAM IRVINE—VIRGINIA—30. LIGHTFOOT, JOHN WILLIAM—KEN-TUCKY—31; LINDLEY, JONATHAN—ILLI-NOIS—22; LINN, WILLIAM—MASSACHU-SETTS—UNKNOWN; LOSOYA, JOSE TORIBIO—TEXAS—28; MAIN, GEORGE WASHINGTON—VIRGINIA—29; MALONE, WILLIAM T.—UNKNOWN—19; MARSHALL, WILLIAM—TENNESSEE—28; MARTIN, AL-BERT—RHODE ISLAND—28; MCCAFFERTY, EDWARD—UNKNOWN—UN-KNOWN; MCCOY, JESSE—TENNESSEE—22; MCDOWELL, WILLIAM—PENNSYL-VANIA—42; MCGEE, JAMES —IRELAND— UNKNOWN; MCGREGOR, JOHN—SCOT-LAND—UNKNOWN; MCKINNEY, ROBERT— TENNESSEE—27; MELTON, ELIEL—GEOR-GIA—38; MILLER, THOMAS REDD—VIR-GINIA—32; MILLS, WILLIAM—TEN-NESSEE—21; MILLSAPS, ISAAC—TEN-NESSEE—41; MITCHASSON, EDWARD F.— VIRGINIA—30. MITCHELL, EDWIN T.—UNKNOWN—30; MITCHELL, NAPOLEON B.—TENNESSEE— 32; MOORE, ROBERT B.—VIRGINIA—55; MOORE, WILLIS A.—NORTH CAROLINA— 28; MUSSELMAN, ROBERT—OHIO—31; NAVA, ANDRES—TEXAS—26; NEGGAN, GEORGE—SOUTH CAROLINA—28; NELSON, ANDREW M.—TENNESSEE—27; NELSON, EDWARD—SOUTH CAROLINA—20; NEL-SON, GEORGE—SOUTH CAROLINA—31; NORTHCROSS, JAMES—VIRGINIA—32; NOWLAN, JAMES—GREAT BRITAIN—27; PAGAN, GEORGE—MISSISSIPPI—26; PARKER, CHRISTOPHER ADAMS—MIS-SISSIPPI—22; PARKS, WILLIAM—NORTH CAROLINA—31; PERRY, RICHARDSON— MISSISSIPPI —19; POLLARD, AMOS—MAS-SACHUSETTS—33; REYNOLDS, JOHN PURDY—PENNSYLVANIA—30; ROBERTS, THOMAS H.—UNKNOWN—UNKNOWN; ROB-ERTSON, JAMES WATERS—TENNESSEE— 24; ROBINSON, ISAAC—SCOTLAND—28. ROSE, JAMES M.—OHIO—31; RUSK, JACKSON J.—IRELAND—UNKNOWN; RUTHERFORD, JOSEPH—KENTUCKY—38; RYAN, ISAAC—LOUISIANA—31; SCURLOCK, MIAL—NORTH CAROLINA—27; SEWELL, MARCUS L.—TENNESSEE—26; SHIED, MANSON—GEORGIA—25; SIM-MONS, CLEVELAND KINLOCH—SOUTH CAROLINA—21; SMITH, ANDREW H.—TEN-NESSEE—21; SMITH, CHARLES S.—MARY-LAND—30; SMITH, JOSHUA G.—NORTH CAROLINA—29; SMITH, WILLIAM H.— TEXAS—25; STARR, RICHARD—ENG-LAND—25; STEWART, JAMES E.—ENG-LAND—28; STOCKTON, RICHARD LUCIUS— NEW JERSEY—19; SUMMERLIN, A. SPAIN—TENNESSEE—19; SUMMERS, WIL-LIAM E.—SOUTH CAROLINA—24; SUTHER-LAND, WILLIAM DEPRIEST—UNKNOWN— 18; TAYLOR, EDWARD—TENNESSEE—24; TAYLOR, GEORGE—TENNESSEE—20. TAYLOR, JAMES—TENNESSEE—22; TAYLOR, WILLIAM—TENNESSEE—37; THOMAS, B. ARCHER M.—KENTUCKY—18; THOMAS, HENRY—GERMANY—25; THOMP-SON, JESSE G.—ARKANSAS—38; THOM-SON, JOHN W.—VIRGINIA—29; THURSTON, JOHN M.—PENNSYLVANIA—24; TRAM-MEL, BURKE—IRELAND—26; TRAVIS, WILLIAM BARRET—SOUTH CAROLINA— 26; TUMLINSON, GEORGE W.—MISSOURI— 22; TYLEE, JAMES—NEW YORK—41; WALKER, ASA—TENNESSEE—23; WALK-ER, JACOB—TENNESSEE—37; WARD, WIL-LIAM B.—IRELAND—30; WARNELL, HENRY—ARKANSAS—24; WASHINGTON, JOSEPH G.—KENTUCKY—28; WATERS, THOMAS—ENGLAND—24; WELLS, WIL-LIAM—GEORGIA—38; WHITE, ISAAC—UN-KNOWN—UNKNOWN; WHITE, ROBERT— GONZALES—30. WILLIAMSON, HIRAM JAMES—PENN-SYLVANIA—26; WILLS, WILLIAM— TEXAS—UNKNOWN; WILSON, DAVID L.— SCOTLAND—29; WILSON, JOHN—PENN-SYLVANIA—32; WOLF, ANTHONY—UN-KNOWN—54; WRIGHT, CLAIBORNE— NORTH CAROLINA—26; ZANCO, CHARLES—DENMARK—28. f 
HONORING THE 50TH ANNIVER-SARY OF KENT STATE UNIVER-SITY AT TUSCARAWAS 
HON. BOB GIBBS 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 12, 2018 Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize Kent State University’s Tuscarawas campus for serving the Tuscarawas commu-nity as an institution of higher learning for the past 50 years. Since 1962, Kent State University at Tuscarawas has enabled students to expand their career opportunities by providing local access to higher education. With the mission ‘‘to transform lives and communities through the power of discovery and creative expres-sion in an inclusive environment,’’ Kent State University at Tuscarawas thrives in developing partnerships with students and Tuscarawas County to cultivate economic development and opportunities. Starting as a night program at New Philadel-phia High School, the opening of Founders Hall in 1968 significantly increased availability of higher education to the surrounding area. Now serving over 2,000 students per year, Kent State Tuscarawas is the only locally owned regional campus in the state, and is home to the only Associate of Applied Science in Veterinary Technology in the Kent State University System. This university further serves the community through a partnership between the campus and the Tuscarawas County Historical Society dating back to 1992, and the campus has housed the Tuscarawas Kent Archive, an extensive collection of Tuscarawas County, Ohio, and national his-tory. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the citizens of Ohio’s 7th Congressional District, I am proud to join in celebration of Kent State University at Tuscarawas’ 50th Anniversary. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MAYME COHRON 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 12, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Ms. Mayme Cohron on the occasion of her 100th birthday on August 28, 2018. Mayme was born in Bolivar, Missouri to par-ents, Joe and Josie Skarda and grew up on a farm in Ringgold County, Iowa. She and her siblings attended country school and Mayme became a school teacher in Union County. She later became vice president of a bank 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12SE8.033 E12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1238 September 12, 2018 
and worked in the insurance industry. While she had considerable success as a business-woman, she considers raising her children and making it on her own after the death of her husband her greatest accomplishment. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent Mayme Cohron in the United States Congress and it is my pleasure to wish her a very happy 100th birthday. I invite my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives to join me in congratulating Mayme on reaching this incred-ible milestone and in wishing her even more health and happiness in the years to come. 
f 
CONGRATULATING MASARYK TOWERS 
HON. NYDIA M. VELA´ZQUEZ 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 12, 2018 Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my congratulations to Masaryk Tow-ers on the special occasion of its 50th and 51st Anniversary Rededication ceremony. This complex is more than brick and mortar. Built at the height of the Civil Rights move-ment, and three decades after the New Deal and the 1934 Federal Housing Act, the Masa-ryk Towers development is a symbol of vision, innovation and hope in the Lower East Side of Manhattan. We all know and embrace the rich history of the Lower East Side from the arrival and set-tlement of hard working immigrants seeking freedom and the American Dream to the his-tory of poor tenants living in crowded subpar tenements, with unsanitary and unsafe hous-ing conditions. From the 1900’s to the present, government initiatives have sought to improve the quality of life for its citizens. In the 1930’s, after the stock market crash, our nation had more than 12 million unemployed people, many of whom faced homelessness. This crisis pushed New Yorkers, especially immigrants, into decades of despair. After World War II, New York City saw a peak in population, but also a massive flight by the middle-income. families, industries and businesses to the suburbs, leaving lower- income working families behind. Recognizing a need to help address the housing crisis facing working families, New York State Representatives Senator MacNeil Mitchell and Assemblyman Alfred Lama cre-ated the Mitchell-Lama program in 1955. In 1967, Masaryk Towers was completed under the program and named after Tomas Masaryk, the first President of Czechoslovakia. Today, Masaryk Towers consists of more than 1,100 apartment units and is home to thousands of residents in Manhattan’s Lower East Side community. Mr. Speaker, please join me in congratu-lating Masaryk Towers and its leadership: President Bernice McCallum, Board Officers Laura Pagan and Ted Reich and the entire Board on this special anniversary, and for their dedication and commitment to preserving Ma-saryk Towers for future generations. HONORING THE WORLD WAR II AND KOREAN WAR VETERANS OF ILLINOIS HON. MIKE QUIGLEY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 12, 2018 Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the World War II and Korean War veterans who traveled to Washington, D.C. on August 8, 2018 with Honor Flight Chicago, a program that provides World War II and Korean War veterans the opportunity to visit their memo-rials on The National Mall in Washington, D.C. These memorials were built to honor their courage and service to their country. The American Veteran is one of our great-est treasures. The Soldiers, Airmen, Sailors, Marines, and Coast Guardsmen who traveled here on August 8th answered our nation’s call to service during one of its greatest times of need. From the European Campaign to the Pacific Asian Theatre to the African Theater, these brave Americans risked life and limb, gave service and sacrificed much, all while embodying what it is to be a hero. We owe them more gratitude than can ever be ex-pressed. I welcome these brave veterans to Wash-ington and to their memorials. I am proud to include in the R
ECORD the names of these men and women for all to see, hear, and rec-ognize, and I call on my colleagues to rise and join me in expressing gratitude. Arthur Richard Adkins, Jesse G. Alvarez, Joseph L. Amendola, James Babakitis, Nich-olas Bacoulis, Edward J. Barys, Walter F. Baxendale, Aldo Biagioni, Arthur J. Billings, James Bounardj, Edwin P. Brummel, Law-rence M. Buescher, William H. Buhle, Rosario Cali, Donald L. Campbell, John A. Caruso, Dwight A. Cooke, Mario J. Cortina, Gordon R. Deal, Owen B. Dehlinger, Harold A. Dickson, Felix F. Donofrio, Fernando M. Dorado, John H. Eichhorn, William C. Elliott, Gerson Bertram Field, Mitchell Filip, Fred F. Fisher, Seymour Fleischman, Ernest G. Frieders, Raymond J. Fron, Robert H. Garcia, Stanley Jack Gartenberg, Gunter H. Gehl, Charles M. George, John A. Georgeson, Phillip C. Goldstick, Miguel Gomez, Robert Good, Eu-gene J. Goworowski, Donald H. Gustafson, Richard H. Haen, Gunnar F. Hanson, Francis J. Haynes, Jack C. Hockett, John M. Hurley, Henry Jackson, Herbert Jacobsen, Irving Kaplan, Harvey L. Keim, Charles Kirian, Ray-mond Klemchuk, Leonard R. Koubenec, Don-ald H. Kraft, Eugene E. Kuffel, Harry Kuhrau, Buddy Walter Larsen, Floyd M. Liberatori, Raymond W. Loris, William J. Marich, Howard D. Maskill, John P. Meehan, Bernard Minarcik, Deane S. Moore, Stephen J. Moyerak, John C. Muno, Carl Olesen, Dale W. Olsen, Carl J. Oman, James A. Parker, Clifford Paulson, Jo-seph T. Phillips, Victor P. Pienkowski, Harry Rakowski, Enricko Roa, Joseph L. Rodriguez, Eddie Rollins, William Franklin Salkeld, George F. Schade, Fred G. Schreiber, Donald T. Sharko, Otto Soyk, Nick A. Stiso, Herbert W. Stoll, Carl E. Stomp, Stephen L. Strand, Frank Termini, Praxedis Rolando Trevino, Adrian D. Wood, Peter F. Zika. HONORING THE LIFE OF PVT. JAMES L. DISSPAIN HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 12, 2018 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the life of Pvt. James L. Disspain. Pvt. Disspain of Lincoln, Alabama, served in World War I. He died on September 13th in France—just two months before Armistice Day. September 13, 2018 will mark the 100th an-niversary of his death. On September 11th, the City of Lincoln will proclaim a day in his honor and have a wreath laying ceremony at his gravesite on September 12th. Family members will present an ‘honor quilt’ in Pvt. Disspain’s memory that honors the 11 members of their family who have served in the military from World War I to Vietnam. The quilt is centered around Pvt. Disspain and his ultimate sacrifice. Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring the life of this brave American hero, Pvt. James L. Disspain. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ERIC TIERNAN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 12, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Eric Tiernan. He was recently honored as the 2018 Good Egg Days Citizen of the Year in Stuart, Iowa. Born and raised in Stuart, Eric is known in the community for his innovative ideas that have made the town prosper. He has served on community boards and committees and most recently contributed to establishing the Fremont Theatre and the Wambold Housing Addition. Eric and his wife Margaret raised four children in Stuart and are proud and ac-tive grandparents to three grandchildren. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize Eric Tiernan for this award, and for working hard to make Iowa a quality place to live. I am proud to represent him in the United States Con-gress and ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Eric and wishing him nothing but continued success. 
f 
SUPPORT BALANCE AWARENESS WEEK 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 12, 2018 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my res-olution in support of Balance Awareness Week and the related vestibular disorders. The vestibular system includes the parts of the inner ear and brain that process the sen-sory information involved with controlling bal-ance and eye movements. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12SE8.035 E12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1239 September 12, 2018 
As many as 35 percent of adults aged 40 years or older in the United States—approxi-mately 69 million Americans—have experi-enced some form of vestibular dysfunction. According to the National Institute on Deaf-ness and Other Communication Disorders (NIDCD), a further 4 percent (8 million) of American adults report a chronic problem with balance, while an additional 1.1 percent (2.4 million) report a chronic problem with dizzi-ness. Eighty percent of people aged 65 years and older have experienced dizziness, and BPPV, the most common vestibular disorder, is the cause of approximately 50 percent of dizziness in older people. Overall, vertigo from a vestibular problem accounts for one third of all dizziness and vertigo symptoms reported to health care professionals. The most commonly diagnosed vestibular disorders include benign paroxysmal positional vertigo (BPPV), labyrinthitis and vestibular neuritis, Me´nie`re’s disease, secondary endolymphatic hydrops, and perilymph fistula. Vestibular disorders also include superior canal dehiscence, acoustic neuroma, ototoxicity, enlarged vestibular aqueduct syn-drome, and mal de de´barquement. Other problems related to vestibular dysfunction in-clude vestibular migraine and complications from autoimmune disorders and allergies. There is no cure for this disorder. The form of treatment prescribed for vestibular disorders depends upon symptoms, medical history and general health, a physical examination by a qualified doctor, and diagnostic test results. Treatment can include: vestibular rehabilitation therapy, canalith repositioning maneuvers, home-based exercise, dietary adjustments, counseling, medication or surgery. Because of difficulties posed by accurately diagnosing and reporting vestibular disorders, statistics estimating how common they are, how often they occur, and what social impacts they have range widely. Yet even the lowest estimates reflect the fact that vestibular dis-orders occur frequently and can affect people of any age. Vestibular disorders not only profoundly af-fect adults, but also children. Once thought to be exceptionally rare, pediatric vestibular dis-orders are receiving increasing attention from clinicians as an overlooked problem. In addi-tion to impairments of motor development and balance, vestibular deficits may cause poor gaze stability that inhibits children from learn-ing to read. Despite new awareness of pedi-atric vestibular disorders, children are currently not typically screened for them, and as a re-sult frequently fail to receive medical treatment for their symptoms. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all Members to join me in supporting the third week of Sep-tember as Balance Awareness Week. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO RICHARD ‘‘SKIP’’ ARMSTRONG 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 12, 2018 Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-gratulate a good friend of mine, Richard ‘‘Skip’’ Armstrong, for his 51 years in the work-force. After more than five decades in the work-force, Skip retired on August 31, 2018, from Maranatha Village in Springfield, Missouri, where he was the Director of Facilities and Capital Projects. However, Skip’s career began long before his time with Maranatha Village. At the age of 16, Skip began working in the hen houses of Lubec, Maine. Once he turned 17, he began working at North Lubec Manufacturing and Canning Company. Skip spent many years working in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, for Cardo Automotive Products and as an inde-pendent building contractor in the city. He even started his own small business, LTD Parts, in Sparta, Tennessee, which is still in operation today. As the years passed, Skip worked all across the U.S., including Maine, Rhode Island, Pennsylvania, Tennessee and then finally, Missouri. Skip has been much more than a hard- working employee through the years. He is the cherished only son of the late Lewis ‘‘Duke’’ and Florence Armstrong. He has been a lov-ing husband of 43 years to Deborah Arm-strong, and a devoted father of three daugh-ters, Janine, Jennifer and Julia, and a father- in-law to two of the best son-in-laws around, Mark and David. His grandchildren, Greyson, Charlotte, Graham and Lincoln simply can’t wait to see more of Pappy in the coming years. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the 7th District of Missouri, I would like to say thank you to Skip for his years of hard work and commitment to southwest Missouri as well as his friendship. Fifty-one years is a long time and something worth celebrating. f 
HONORING SERGEANT FIRST CLASS RUFUS LLOYD KETCHUM 
HON. SEAN P. DUFFY 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 12, 2018 Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I proudly rise today to honor Sergeant First Class Rufus Lloyd Ketchum, an Army veteran of the Ko-rean War killed in action at age 38 in the bat-tle of Chosin. Sergeant Ketchum honorably served in the Italian campaign of World War II and re-en-listed in the United States Army’s 7th Infantry Division as a medic. On December 6, 1950, he was reported missing in action after an in-tense battle. In 1952, Mrs. Dorothy Ketchum accepted on behalf of her husband the nation’s second- highest military award, the Distinguished Serv-ice Cross. The citation honored Sergeant First Class R. Lloyd Ketchum’s ‘‘extraordinary her-oism in action against an enemy army.’’ For his leadership and valor, his partial list of awards include the Purple Heart, Bronze Star, National Defense Service Medal and Army Commendation Medal. Through DNA testing, Sergeant Ketchum’s remains where accounted for on April 23, 2018. Sergeant First Class Ketchum was laid to rest at the Calvary Cemetery in Superior, Wisconsin on August 14, 2018 with full military honors. On behalf of the residents of the 7th Con-gressional District of Wisconsin, I would like to thank the family of Sergeant Ketchum for his service to our grateful nation and his ultimate sacrifice during the Korean War. Welcome home, Sergeant First Class Ketchum. TRIBUTE HONORING REVEREND COLUMBUS EWING HON. DANNY K. DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 12, 2018 Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, I include in the R
ECORD the following Proc-lamation: Whereas, the Almighty God has called to his eternal rest the Reverend Columbus Ewing, Pastor of Community Fellowship Bap-tist Church; and Whereas, prior to organizing Community Fellowship, Reverend Ewing was a longtime loyal assistant to Reverend Matthew Thomas who organized the Pilgrim Rest Baptist Church where my wife’s aunt, Aunt Hattie Harrell was one of the first fourteen members and my dear friend Mrs. Earline Lindsey and Deacon Davis may have been the persons who introduced me to Reverend Ewing; and Whereas, Reverend Ewing was a Precinct Captain and political worker in the 37th Ward; and Whereas, Reverend Ewing organized Com-munity Fellowship and I was privileged to at-tend his first banquet; and Whereas, Reverend Ewing and Community Fellowship have always opened their doors and been a part of community events, political meetings and everything I have been involved with to benefit the community for all of these many years; and Whereas, Reverend Ewing loved and nour-ished all of his family, his wonderful wife Emma, all of his children, grandchildren and other relatives, he pointed out their achieve-ments all of the time. I would not say that he had favorites but he was extremely proud of church and community activist, teacher, prin-cipal, Doctor, Reverend, Pastor Shirley Ewing of Community Fellowship Missionary Baptist Church; and Whereas, both Reverend Ewing and I liked to eat and we shared many a meal together, both at the church and soul food restaurants throughout the city; Therefore, we extend our condolences to Reverend Dr. Shirley Ewing, the Ewing Family and the Community Fellowship Missionary Baptist Church. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO IRENE AND ROGER FRANCIS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 12, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Irene and Roger Francis of Creston, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anni-versary. They were married on June 22, 1968 in Osceola, Iowa. Irene and Roger’s lifelong commitment to each other truly embodies our Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anniversary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one an-other for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12SE8.040 E12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1240 September 12, 2018 
many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Irene and Roger Francis on this meaningful occasion and in wishing them both nothing but continued happiness. 
f 
HONORING THE 70TH BIRTHDAY OF BARBARA PITTS 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 12, 2018 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the 70th birthday of Barbara Pitts. Barbara was born on October 10, 1948 in Tuskegee, Alabama. She is a two-time grad-uate of Auburn University. In 1972, she grad-uated with a Bachelor of Arts in Sociology and in 1974, a Master of Science in Education. She is founder and charter member of Kappa Upsilon Chapter of Delta Sigma Theta Soror-ity, Incorporated. It was chartered at Auburn University on January 12, 1974. Barbara is the proud mother of Christopher Pitts and has been blessed with two grand-children: Zaire and Chad Pitts. Barbara is a member of Bell Missionary Baptist Church in Auburn where she has served in many roles. She is also founding member of Alabama New South Coalition and currently serves as Vice President of the Board. On Saturday, October 6, 2018, her friends and family will surprise her with a birthday gathering. Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring Barbara’s life and wishing her a very happy 70th birthday. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE CHINESE AMERICAN MEDICAL SOCIETY 
HON. NYDIA M. VELA´ZQUEZ 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 12, 2018 Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to congratulate the Chinese American Medical Society as they host their 55th Annual Sci-entific Symposium and Annual Red Lantern Gala. As the oldest and one of the largest Chi-nese American medical societies, CAMS pro-vides meaningful support for Chinese Amer-ican medical students, educates the Chinese American community on health issues that disproportionally impact Chinese Americans, and is a leader in research on the ever-chang-ing field of medical practices and medical technology. The Chinese American Medical Society’s 55th Annual Scientific Conference and Red Lantern Gala stands as a testament to CAMS’s dedication to recognizing talent and hard work from skilled professionals who dedi-cate their lives to improving the health of oth-ers in the Chinese American community. I would like to specifically congratulate S. Chiu Wong as a recipient of the CAMS Sci-entific Award, as well as the Chinese Amer-ican Nurses Association and UnitedHealthcare Asian Initiatives as recipients of the Commu-nity Service Awards. Mr. Speaker, please join me in saluting the Chinese American Medical Society for dec-ades of lifechanging work. f 
HONORING MARLENE KAYSER ON THE OCCASION OF HER 80TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 12, 2018 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Marlene Kayser of Saint Paul, Min-nesota on the occasion of her 80th birthday. Marlene’s family will join her many friends to celebrate her extraordinary lifetime of service to others on September 23, 2018. Governor Mark Dayton has proclaimed the day as Mar-lene Kayser Day in the State of Minnesota. Growing up on a farm in southern Min-nesota instilled in Marlene the values of hard work, sensibility and duty to others. A passion for promoting human rights and social justice has taken her across the state and around the world to further this vital work. Numerous or-ganizations and causes including Minnesota Advocates for Human Rights and Planned Parenthood have benefited greatly from her generosity, leadership and skills as a volun-teer and role model. Over the decades, Marlene, her husband Tom, daughter Carol and sons Tom and David literally opened their arms and their Saint Paul home to the community to generously assist others. There they have served as host family to many international students, connected countless community leaders, and launched initiatives that improve our state and our plan-et for everyone. The open door of the Kayser home has been a tangible symbol of the hos-pitality and encouragement that Marlene of-fers. Through her tireless work with Minnesota Advocates for Human Rights, Marlene has traveled the world as a grassroots volunteer— at her own expense—to monitor conditions and to train leaders. She’s spoken with citi-zens and professionals about domestic vio-lence in places like Macedonia and Romania, then returned to Minnesota to provide her val-uable skills as an effective fundraiser who builds relationships and spreads the word about these important issues. Generations of social justice advocates have been taught by Marlene’s example and mentorship. It has been observed by many that her gracious persistence and dignified de-termination in promoting women’s rights in-spires others to push harder and never give up when faced with challenges. Above all, she leads by example. When called to help, you can count on Marlene to provide vision, as well as the tenacity to see a project to comple-tion. It is a privilege to know Marlene as a friend, confidant and mentor. Her ability to offer wise counsel and inspiration has always been a welcome presence during my elected service. I am grateful for her kindness and grace. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing the many significant contributions of Marlene Kayser throughout her decades of human rights and social justice activism. As Min-nesota prepares to observe ‘‘Marlene Kayser Day in Minnesota,’’ let us all celebrate her great impact in our state and around the world. f 
TRIBUTE TO PAMM AND JIM OLSON 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 12, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Pamm and Jim Olson, on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anniversary. They cele-brated their anniversary on July 28, 2018. Pamm and Jim’s lifelong commitment to each other truly embodies our Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anniversary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one an-other for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Pamm and Jim Olson on this meaningful occasion and in wishing them both nothing but continued happiness. 
f 
HONORING THE 25TH ANNIVER-SARY OF TOLEDO SISTER CITIES INTERNATIONAL 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 12, 2018 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the extraordinary evolution of the Toledo Sister Cities International (TSCI) pres-ence in the City of Toledo as an umbrella group for the ten Sister Cities/regions which constitute this membership. Members and friends are gathering this weekend to cele-brate its silver anniversary. As TSCI celebrates its 25th anniversary, our community is also proud to celebrate what is regarded as the very first Sister City agree-ment when, in 1931, the Association of Two Toledos linking Toledo, Ohio with Toledo, Spain was born. That was years before Presi-dent Dwight Eisenhower, in 1956, called for ‘‘citizen diplomacy’’ to create sister city rela-tionships with the goal of promoting world peace. Headquartered in Washington, D.C., this organization oversees the establishment of sister city relationships which are mayor to mayor agreements that are initiated by citizens in interested cities across the globe and ap-proved by local governing bodies. In 1985, a relationship with Qinhuangdao, China was initiated, and it became a sister city to Toledo. Qinhuangdao and Toledo are both known as ‘‘The Glass City’’ because of their history of glass production. When the oppression of communism ended in 1989 in Poland, a core group including Councilwoman Eleanor Kahle, future Council-man Peter Ujvagi, Ann Galloway and Sister Ann Frances Klimkowski, and myself dis-cussed the formation of an association to reach out to cities coming to the light of free-dom. Szeged, Hungary became the first Sister City in this new approach in 1990 and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12SE8.044 E12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1241 September 12, 2018 
Poznan, Poland followed in 1991. We proudly welcomed our newest partners with the may-ors and leaders of each community coming to-gether in cultural, economic, educational and humanitarian exchanges. In 1992 an advisory board of community leaders, the Lucas County Port Authority, To-ledo Edison, the Private Industry Council, and the City of Toledo came together to form To-ledo Sister Cities International in order to unite existing sister city relationships and develop future affiliations. Twenty-three members of the civic, business, educational, and legal pro-fessions created the Founding Board of Trust-ees in 1993, and the formal incorporation of TSCI as a not-for-profit organization was final-ized that year. The first International Youth Academy was offered by TSCI in 1997, in which students from the Sister Cities attend a three-week long immersion in the culture and language, living with host families in the cities. TSCI also sponsors an international festival each year, during which members of our region share their heritages in a daylong display of herit-age, culture, and food showcasing uniqueness while highlighting commonality around the world. Toledo and TSCI were proud to be the host of the Sister City International Con-ference in 2002, which brought 600 delegates and 300 guests from 28 countries from around the world to Northwest Ohio. As the years continued, Toledo Sister Cities International flourished. A regional agreement with Lebanon’s Beqaa Valley was established in 1998. Relationships were later cemented with Toyohashi, Japan in 2000; Tanga, Tan-zania in 2001; Delmenhorst, Germany in 2002; Coimbatore, India in 2010; Hyderabad, Paki-stan in 2011; Qinhauangdao/Nanchong, China in 2017 and Coburg, Germany in 2017. While the stories behind each Sister City are unique, the way that each relationship was established was not—it all came about be-cause people in the Toledo area and through-out the global community found a need to con-nect with those from another nation. The idea for ‘citizen diplomacy’ has not diminished as time has marched on. The work that the To-ledo Sister Cities International continues to do on behalf of our communities is extraordinary. I am pleased to join Toledo Sister Cities Inter-national as we celebrate its 25th Anniversary, reflecting on the past, looking forward to the future, and inspired by an incredible journey of international citizen diplomacy. 
f 
RECOGNIZING JAN HACKETT 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 12, 2018 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ms. Jan Hackett, President of the Fannin County Chamber of Commerce. Ms. Hackett recently received the Tourism Leadership Award at the 2018 Gov-ernor’s Tourism Conference in Atlanta, Geor-gia. This award is presented to an individual who demonstrates excellence in leadership skills and abilities. The Georgia Department of Economic De-velopment and the Georgia Association of Convention and Visitors Bureaus hosts the Governor’s Tourism Conference each year. The conference brings together tourism pro-fessionals from across the state, including Fannin’s own Ms. Hackett. Tourism is a vital part of Georgia’s econ-omy, especially in our beautiful mountain re-gion, employing some 460,000 people across the state and generating over $63 billion in revenue this year alone. This would not be made possible without individuals like Ms. Hackett. Mr. Speaker, I am delighted to recognize Ms. Jan Hackett for her leadership, as well as her dedication to tourism in Georgia’s Blue Ridge Mountains. f 
HONORING REGION ONE 
HON. VICENTE GONZALEZ 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 12, 2018 Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Region One Edu-cation Services Center. Because of the hard work of their board members, administrators, educators, and students, the Texas Education Agency placed Region One at the top of the performance list. Region One is made up of Cameron, Hi-dalgo, Jim Hogg, Starr, Webb, Willacy, and Zapata Counties. This year, 100 percent of the school districts in Region One met the stand-ard set by the Texas Education Agency, out-performing several regions of similar size. Fourteen of the districts in Region One also earned postsecondary readiness distinctions, three of which earned this distinction for the fifth consecutive year. By setting high expectations for their stu-dents and working with the local communities to better understand their needs, Region One has gone above and beyond to provide South Texas students with the tools they need to succeed. There is no doubt in my mind that Region One will continue to empower young South Texans to perform at the highest levels. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to represent the hard-working individuals of the Region One Education Services Center. Our region and its recent success is a shining example of what the 15th District of Texas has to offer. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the CONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Thursday, September 13, 2018 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
SEPTEMBER 18 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine Fintech, fo-cusing on digitization, data, and tech-nology. SD–538 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Subcommittee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries, and Coast Guard To hold hearings to examine conflicts over ocean resources. SR–253 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine reducing health care costs, focusing on how transparency can lower spending and empower patients. SD–430 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine the implica-tions of the reinterpretation of the Flo-res settlement agreement for border se-curity and illegal immigration incen-tives. SD–342 2:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Cybersecurity To hold closed hearings to examine inter-agency coordination in the protection of critical infrastructure. SVC–217 SEPTEMBER 20 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine blackstart and other system restoration plans in the electric utility industry. SD–366 SEPTEMBER 26 10 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine safeguards for consumer data privacy. SD–G50 2:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Cybersecurity To hold hearings to examine the cyber operational readiness of the Depart-ment of Defense; to be immediately fol-lowed by a closed session in SVC–217. SH–216 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Subcommittee on Federal Spending Over-sight and Emergency Management To hold hearings to examine the Federal role in the toxic PFAS chemical crisis. SD–342 Committee on Indian Affairs To hold an oversight hearing to examine justice for Native youth, focusing on the Government Accountability Office-
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE8.049 E12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1242 September 12, 2018 
report on ‘‘Native American Youth In-volvement in Justice Systems and In-formation on Grants to Help Address Juvenile Delinquency’’. SD–628 OCTOBER 2 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine implemen-tation of the Economic Growth, Regu-latory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act. SD–538 OCTOBER 3 2:30 p.m. Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Antitrust, Competition Policy and Consumer Rights To hold an oversight hearing to examine the enforcement of the antitrust laws. SD–226 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M12SE8.000 E12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
D1001 Wednesday, September 12, 2018 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate agreed to the conference report to accompany H.R. 5895, Energy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Act. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S6115–S6156 Measures Introduced: Thirteen bills and five reso-lutions were introduced, as follows: S. 3427–3439, S. Res. 625–628, and S. Con. Res. 46.
        Pages S6142–43 
Measures Reported: Special Report entitled ‘‘Further Revised Alloca-tion to Subcommittees of Budget Totals for Fiscal Year 2019’’. (S. Rept. No. 115–337) H.R. 4323, to promote veteran involvement in STEM education, computer science, and scientific re-search, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute. H.R. 4467, to require the Federal Air Marshal Service to utilize risk-based strategies. H.R. 4559, to conduct a global aviation security review. S. 2823, to modernize copyright law, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute.
     Page S6141 
Measures Passed: Enrollment Correction: Senate agreed to S. Con. Res. 46, directing the Clerk of the House of Rep-resentatives to make a correction in the enrollment of H.R. 5895.
                                                              Page S6135 
Chinese-American World War II Veteran Con-gressional Gold Medal Act: Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs was discharged from further consideration of S. 1050, to award a Congres-sional Gold Medal, collectively, to the Chinese- American Veterans of World War II, in recognition of their dedicated service during World War II, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the fol-lowing amendment proposed thereto:
     Pages S6152–53 
Flake (for Duckworth) Amendment No. 4015, in the nature of a substitute.
                             Pages S6152–53 
National Polycystic Kidney Disease Awareness Day: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 576, desig-nating September 4, 2018, as ‘‘National Polycystic Kidney Disease Awareness Day’’, and raising aware-ness and understanding of polycystic kidney disease, and the resolution was then agreed to.           Page S6153 
Prematurity Research Expansion and Education for Mothers who deliver Infants Early Reauthor-ization Act: Senate passed S. 3029, to revise and ex-tend the Prematurity Research Expansion and Edu-cation for Mothers who deliver Infants Early Act (PREEMIE Act), after agreeing to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute, and the following amendment proposed thereto: 
                                                                                    Pages S6153–54 
Flake (for Alexander) Amendment No. 4016, to modify provisions relating to the interagency work-ing group.
                                                              Pages S6154–55 
National Democracy Month: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 525, designating September 2018 as Na-tional Democracy Month as a time to reflect on the contributions of the system of government of the United States to a more free and stable world, and the resolution was then agreed to.
                    Page S6155 
National Spinal Cord Injury Awareness Month: Senate agreed to S. Res. 627, designating September 2018 as ‘‘National Spinal Cord Injury Awareness Month’’.
                                                                          Page S6155 
Authorizing Document Production by the SSCI: Senate agreed to S. Res. 628, to authorize document production by the Select Committee on Intelligence in United States v. Paul J. Manafort, Jr. (D.D.C.). 
                                                                                            Page S6155 
Conference Reports: Energy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Ap-propriations Act: By 92 yeas to 5 nays (Vote No. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:52 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12SE8.REC D12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1002 September 12, 2018 
207), Senate agreed to the conference report to ac-company H.R. 5895, making appropriations for en-ergy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019. 
                                                                                    Pages S6134–35 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: A motion was entered to close further debate on the conference report to accompany the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of Charles P. Rettig, of California, to be Commissioner of In-ternal Revenue, Department of the Treasury. 
                                                                                            Page S6124 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that the motion to invoke cloture on the con-ference report to accompany the bill, be withdrawn. 
                                                                                            Page S6124 
Support for Patients and Communities Act and Patient Right to Know Drug Prices Act—Agree-ment: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that notwithstanding the orders of Thurs-day, September 6, 2018, that on Monday, September 17, 2018, Senate begin consideration of H.R. 6, to provide for opioid use disorder prevention, recovery, and treatment, and that the debate time on H.R. 6, and on S. 2554, to ensure that health insurance issuers and group health plans do not prohibit phar-macy providers from providing certain information to enrollees, run concurrently, be equally divided in the usual form, and be considered expired at 5:30 p.m., and that Senate proceed to votes on or in rela-tion to S. 2554, and H.R. 6, with all other provi-sions of the previous orders remaining in effect. 
                                                                                            Page S6155 
Pro Forma Sessions—Agreement: A unanimous- consent agreement was reached providing that the Senate adjourn, to then convene for pro forma session only, with no business being conducted on Thurs-day, September 13, 2018 at 9:45 a.m.; and that when the Senate adjourns on Thursday, September 13, 2018, it next convene at 2 p.m., on Monday, September 17, 2018.
                                               Page S6155 
Message from the President: Senate received the following message from the President of the United States: Transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the issuance of an Executive Order declaring a na-tional emergency with respect to the threat of for-eign interference in the United States elections; which was referred to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. (PM–47)
           Page S6139 
Executive Reports of Committees: Senate received the following executive report of a committee: Report to accompany U.N. Convention on the As-signment of Receivables in International Trade (Treaty Doc. 114–7) (Ex. Rept. 115–7).                                                                                     Pages S6141–42 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nominations: By 64 yeas 33 nays (Vote No. EX. 206), Charles P. Rettig, of California, to be Commissioner of In-ternal Revenue for the term expiring November 12, 2022.
                                                                                Page S6133 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 63 yeas to 34 nays (Vote No. EX. 205), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
                                                          Pages S6132–33 
Cherith Norman Chalet, of New Jersey, to be Representative of the United States of America to the United Nations for U.N. Management and Re-form, with the rank of Ambassador. Cherith Norman Chalet, of New Jersey, to be an Alternate Representative of the United States of America to the Sessions of the General Assembly of the United Nations, during her tenure of service as Representative of the United States of America to the United Nations for U.N. Management and Re-form.
                                                                                 Page S6156 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Earle D. Litzenberger, of California, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Azerbaijan. Patricia Mahoney, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Benin. John Mark Pommersheim, of Florida, to be Am-bassador to the Republic of Tajikistan. Austin M. Smith, of South Carolina, to be Alter-nate Representative of the United States of America for Special Political Affairs in the United Nations, with the rank of Ambassador. Austin M. Smith, of South Carolina, to be an Al-ternate Representative of the United States of Amer-ica to the Sessions of the General Assembly of the United Nations during his tenure of service as Alter-nate Representative of the United States of America for Special Political Affairs in the United Nations. 1 Air Force nomination in the rank of general. Routine lists in the Army.
                      Pages S6155–56 
Nomination Withdrawn: Senate received notifica-tion of withdrawal of the following nomination: Steven Gardner, of Kentucky, to be Director of the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and En-forcement, which was sent to the Senate on January 8, 2018.
                                                                          Page S6156 
Nomination Discharged: The following nomina-tion were discharged from further committee consid-eration and placed on the Executive Calendar: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:52 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12SE8.REC D12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1003 September 12, 2018 
Rae Oliver, of Virginia, to be Inspector General, Department of Housing and Urban Development, which was sent to the Senate on June 25, 2018, from the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs.
                                    Page S6156 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S6139 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S6139 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S6139–41 
Petitions and Memorials:                                    Page S6141 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S6143–45 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S6145–47 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S6136–39 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S6147–48 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S6148 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S6148 
Record Votes: Three record votes were taken today. (Total—207)
                                                        Pages S6132–35 Adjournment: Senate convened at 3:01 p.m. and adjourned at 7:52 p.m., until 9:45 a.m. on Thurs-day, September 13, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S6155.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
COUNTERING RUSSIA Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine coun-tering Russia, focusing on assessing new tools, in-cluding S. 2785, to designate foreign persons who improperly interfere in United States elections as in-admissible aliens, after receiving testimony from Leon Aron, American Enterprise Institute, Elizabeth Rosenberg, Center for a New American Security, and Daleep Singh, Atlantic Council, all of Washington, D.C. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 22 pub-lic bills, H.R. 6770–6775 and 6777–6792, and 6 resolutions, H.J. Res. 139, H. Con. Res. 135, and H. Res. 1058 and 1060–1062, were introduced. 
                                                                                    Pages H8169–70 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H8171–72 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 5059, to amend the Home Owners’ Loan Act with respect to the registration and supervision of insurance savings and loan holding companies, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–937); H.R. 6316, to clarify the primary functions and duties of the Office of Advocacy of the Small Busi-ness Administration, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–938); H.R. 6330, to amend the Small Business Act to modify the method for prescribing size standards for business concerns (H. Rept. 115–939); H.R. 6347, to adjust the real estate appraisal thresholds under the 7(a) program to bring them into line with the thresholds used by the Federal banking regulators, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–940); H.R. 6348, to adjust the real estate appraisal thresholds under the section 504 program to bring them into line with the thresholds used by the Fed-eral banking regulators, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–941); H.R. 6367, to amend the Small Business Act to specify what credit is given for certain subcontractors and to provide a dispute process for non-payment to subcontractors, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–942); H.R. 6369, to amend the Small Business Act to eliminate the inclusion of option years in the award price for sole source contracts, and for other pur-poses, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–943); H.R. 6382, to amend the Small Business Act to require the Administrator of the Small Business Ad-ministration to report certain information to the Congress and to the President, and for other pur-poses, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–944); H.R. 3398, to amend the Real ID Act of 2005 to permit Freely Associated States to meet identifica-tion requirements under such Act, and for other pur-poses (H. Rept. 115–945); H.R. 4431, to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for interest payments by agencies in the case of administrative error in processing certain an-nuity deposits for prior military service (H. Rept. 115–946, Part 1); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:52 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12SE8.REC D12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1004 September 12, 2018 
H.R. 4887, to modernize Federal grant reporting, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–947); H.R. 6776, making appropriations for the Depart-ment of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–948); and H. Res. 1059, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3798) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the 30-hour threshold for classification as a full-time employee for purposes of the employer mandate in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and replace it with 40 hours; providing for consideration of the conference report to accompany the bill (H.R. 5895) making appro-priations for energy and water development and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; and providing for proceedings during the period from September 17, 2018, through September 24, 2018 (H. Rept. 115–949).
                                                              Pages H8168–69 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Meadows to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H8109 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:25 p.m. and re-convened at 2 p.m.
                                                   Page H8112 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:06 p.m. and recon-vened at 2:30 p.m.
                                                   Page H8113 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Act of 2018: H.R. 6198, amended, to amend the Home-land Security Act of 2002 to establish the Coun-tering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office; 
                                                                                    Pages H8113–17 
Dog and Cat Meat Trade Prohibition Act of 2018: H.R. 6720, to prohibit the slaughter of dogs and cats for human consumption;
             Pages H8117–18 
Fighting Fraud to Protect Care for Seniors Act of 2018: H.R. 6690, amended, to establish a smart card pilot program to combat fraud, waste, and abuse and to protect beneficiary identity under the Medicare program;
                                            Pages H8118–20 
Empowering Seniors’ Enrollment Decision Act of 2018: H.R. 6662, amended, to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to extend the special elec-tion period under part C of the Medicare program for certain deemed individuals enrolled in a reason-able cost reimbursement contract to certain non-deemed individuals enrolled in such contract; 
                                                                                    Pages H8120–21 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ex-tend the special election period under part C of the Medicare program for certain deemed individuals en-rolled in a reasonable cost reimbursement contract to any Medicare Advantage eligible individual enrolled in such a contract during the final year such contract is extended, and for other purposes.’’.            Page H8121 
Comprehensive Care for Seniors Act of 2018: H.R. 6561, amended, to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to finalize certain pro-posed provisions relating to the Programs of All-In-clusive Care for the Elderly (PACE) under the Medi-care and Medicaid programs;
                       Pages H8121–22 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To di-rect the Secretary of Health and Human Services to issue a final regulation based on the proposed regula-tion relating to the Programs of All-Inclusive Care for the Elderly (PACE) under the Medicare and Medicaid programs.’’.
                                              Page H8122 
Local Coverage Determination Clarification Act: H.R. 3635, amended, to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act in order to improve the process whereby medicare administrative contractors issue local coverage determinations under the Medicare program;
                                                                 Pages H8122–24 
State Insurance Regulation Preservation Act: H.R. 5059, amended, to amend the Home Owners’ Loan Act with respect to the registration and super-vision of insurance savings and loan holding compa-nies;
                                                                          Pages H8124–27 
Financial Crimes Enforcement Network Im-provement Act of 2018: H.R. 6411, to amend the duties of the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN) to ensure FinCEN works with Tribal law enforcement agencies, protects against all forms of terrorism, and focuses on virtual currencies; 
                                                                                    Pages H8127–28 
Little Shell Tribe of Chippewa Indians Restora-tion Act of 2018: H.R. 3764, amended, to extend the Federal recognition to the Little Shell Tribe of Chippewa Indians of Montana;
                   Pages H8128–29 
Walnut Grove Land Exchange Act: H.R. 5923, amended, to direct the Secretary of Agriculture to exchange certain public lands in Ouachita National Forest, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 379 yeas to 3 nays, Roll No. 394;
                            Pages H8129–30, H8157 
Rural Broadband Permitting Efficiency Act of 2018: H.R. 4824, amended, to allow certain State permitting authority to encourage expansion of broadband service to rural communities; 
                                                                                    Pages H8130–33 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To allow certain State and tribal permitting authority to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:52 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12SE8.REC D12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1005 September 12, 2018 
encourage expansion of broadband service to rural and tribal communities, and for other purposes.’’. 
                                                                                    Pages H8132–33 
Modernizing the Pittman-Robertson Fund for Tomorrow’s Needs Act: H.R. 2591, amended, to amend the Pittman-Robertson Wildlife Restoration Act to modernize the funding of wildlife conserva-tion;
                                                                          Pages H8133–34 
Stigler Act Amendments of 2018: H.R. 2606, amended, to amend the Act of August 4, 1947 (commonly known as the Stigler Act), with respect to restrictions applicable to Indians of the Five Civ-ilized Tribes of Oklahoma;
                           Pages H8134–36 
9/11 Memorial Act: H.R. 6287, amended, to pro-vide competitive grants for the operation, security, and maintenance of certain memorials to victims of the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001; 
                                                                                    Pages H8136–39 
Every Kid Outdoors Act: H.R. 3186, amended, to establish an Every Kid Outdoors program, by a 
2⁄3 yea-and-nay vote of 383 yeas to 2 nays, Roll No. 395;
                                                             Pages H8139–40, H8158 
Reconstruction Era National Historical Park Act: H.R. 5532, amended, to redesignate the Reconstruc-tion Era National Monument as the Reconstruction Era National Historical Park;
                     Pages H8140–42 
Bureau of Reclamation Transparency Act: H.R. 660, to require the Secretary of the Interior to sub-mit to Congress a report on the efforts of the Bureau of Reclamation to manage its infrastructure assets; 
                                                                                    Pages H8142–44 
Authorizing early repayment of obligations to the Bureau of Reclamation within the Northport Irrigation District in the State of Nebraska: H.R. 4689, to authorize early repayment of obligations to the Bureau of Reclamation within the Northport Ir-rigation District in the State of Nebraska, by a 
2⁄3 yea-and-nay vote of 378 yeas to 1 nay, Roll No. 396;
                                                       Pages H8144–45, H8158–59 
United States-Israel Security Assistance Author-ization Act of 2018: S. 2497, amended, to amend the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 and the Arms Export Control Act to make improvements to certain defense and security assistance provisions and to au-thorize the appropriations of funds to Israel; 
                                                                                    Pages H8145–50 
Urging China, South Korea, Vietnam, Thailand, the Philippines, Indonesia, Cambodia, Laos, India, and all nations to outlaw the dog and cat meat trade and to enforce existing laws against the trade: H. Res. 401, amended, urging China, South Korea, Vietnam, Thailand, the Philippines, Indonesia, Cambodia, Laos, India, and all nations to outlaw the dog and cat meat trade and to enforce ex-isting laws against the trade;                      Pages H8153–55 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘Urging all nations to outlaw the dog and cat meat trade and to enforce existing laws against such trade.’’. 
                                                                                            Page H8155 
Rescuing Animals With Rewards Act of 2018: H.R. 6197, to amend the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 to authorize rewards for thwarting wildlife trafficking linked to transnational organized crime;
                                                 Pages H8155–57 
Repealing section 2141 of the Revised Statutes to remove the prohibition on certain alcohol manufacturing on Indian lands: H.R. 5317, amended, to repeal section 2141 of the Revised Stat-utes to remove the prohibition on certain alcohol manufacturing on Indian lands; and
        Pages H8159–60 
Contra Costa Canal Transfer Act: H.R. 6040, amended, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain land and facilities of the Central Valley Project.
                                                     Pages H8160–62 
Permission to File Conference Reports: Agreed by unanimous consent that the managers on the part of the House have until midnight on Friday, September 14, 2018, to file conference reports.
                Page H8140 
Suspension—Proceedings Postponed: The House debated the following measures under suspension of the rules. Further proceedings were postponed. Special Envoy to Monitor and Combat Anti-Sem-itism Act. H.R. 1911, amended, to amend the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 to mon-itor and combat anti-Semitism globally. 
                                                                                    Pages H8150–53 
Presidential Message: Read a message from the President wherein he notified Congress that he had issued an Executive Order declaring a national emer-gency with respect to the threat of foreign inter-ference in United States elections—referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on the Judiciary, the Committee on House Administra-tion, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence and ordered to be printed (H. Doc. 115–152).
                                                                      Page H8164 
Senate Referral: S. Con. Res. 46 was held at the desk.
                                                                                 Page H8162 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate today appears on page H8162. Quorum Calls Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H8157, H8158, and H8159. There were no quorum calls. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:52 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12SE8.REC D12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1006 September 12, 2018 
Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 8:34 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
REVIEWING CURRENT DEVELOPMENTS IN ETHIOPIA Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Re-viewing Current Developments in Ethiopia’’. Testi-mony was heard from Tibor P. Nagy, Jr., Assistant Secretary, Bureau of African Affairs, Department of State; and public witnesses. SAVE AMERICAN WORKERS ACT OF 2017; CONFERENCE REPORT TO THE ENERGY AND WATER, LEGISLATIVE BRANCH, AND MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 3798, the ‘‘Save American Workers Act of 2017’’; and the Conference report to H.R. 5895, the ‘‘Energy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Act, 2019’’. The Committee granted, by voice vote, a rule providing for the consideration of H.R. 3798 under a closed rule. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–84, shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. In section 2, the rule provides for the consideration of the con-ference report to accompany H.R. 5895. The rule waives all points of order against the conference re-port and against its consideration. The rule provides that the conference report shall be considered as read. The rule provides that the previous question shall be considered as ordered without intervention of any motion except one hour of debate and one motion to recommit if applicable. Debate on the conference report is divided pursuant to clause 8(d) of rule XXII. In section 3, the rule provides that on any legislative day during the period from Sep-tember 17, 2018, through September 24, 2018: the Journal of the proceedings of the previous day shall be considered as approved; and the Chair may at any time declare the House adjourned to meet at a date and time to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjournment. In section 4, the rule provides that the Speaker may appoint Members to perform the duties of the Chair for the duration of the period ad-dressed by section 3. Finally, in section 5, the rule provides that each day during the period addressed by section 3 of the resolution shall not constitute a legislative day for purposes of clause 7 of rule XIII (resolutions of inquiry). Testimony was heard from Representatives Black, Kelly of Pennsylvania, and Levin. 
Joint Meetings 
ENERGY AND WATER, LEGISLATIVE BRANCH, AND MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS APPROPRIATIONS ACT On Monday, September 10, 2018, Conferees agreed to file a conference report on the differences between the Senate and House passed versions of H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water develop-ment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019. MINORITY POPULATIONS IN EUROPE Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: Com-mission received a briefing on race, rights, and poli-tics, focusing on black and minority populations in Europe, from Nero Ughwujabo, Special Adviser to Prime Minister Theresa May; Alfiaz Vaiya, European Parliament Anti-Racism and Diversity Intergroup; Simon Woolley, Operation Black Vote; Jeff Klein, Each One Teach One; Ali Khan, Open Society Foun-dations; Olivio Kocsis-Cake; Clive Lewis; Killion Munyama; and Aminata Toure. FREE-TRADE ZONES Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: Com-mission received a briefing on free-trade zones from Clay Fuller, American Enterprise Institute, and Pedro Assares Rodrigues, Europol Liaison Bureau, both of Washington, D.C.; and Jack Radisch, OECD High Level Risk Forum, and Stephane Jacobzone, both of Paris, France. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D988) 
S. 899, to amend title 5, United States Code, to ensure that the requirements that new Federal em-ployees who are veterans with service-connected dis-abilities are provided leave for purposes of under-going medical treatment for such disabilities apply to certain employees of the Veterans Health Admin-istration. Signed on September 7, 2018. (Public Law 115–238) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:52 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12SE8.REC D12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1007 September 12, 2018 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: to hold hearings to examine perspectives on United States agri-cultural trade, 10 a.m., SR–328A. Committee on the Budget: to hold hearings to examine an update on transparency at the Congressional Budget Of-fice, 10:30 a.m., SD–608. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: to hold hearings to examine the transportation of tomorrow, focusing on emerging technologies that will move Amer-ica, 10 a.m., SR–253. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold hear-ings to examine the role of United States liquefied nat-ural gas in meeting European energy demand, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Environment and Public Works: to hold hear-ings to examine advanced nuclear technology, focusing on safety and associated benefits of licensing accident toler-ant fuels for commercial nuclear reactors, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Finance: business meeting to consider the nominations of Michael Faulkender, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, and Elizabeth Dar-ling, of Texas, to be Commissioner on Children, Youth, and Families, Department of Health and Human Services; to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine the nomination of Gail S. Ennis, of Maryland, to be Inspector General, Social Security Administration, 2 p.m., SD–215. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: to hold hearings to examine evolving threats to the homeland, 10:30 a.m., SD–342. Committee on the Judiciary: business meeting to consider S. 2961, to reauthorize subtitle A of the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990, S. 3354, to amend the Missing Chil-dren’s Assistance Act, S. 3170, to amend title 18, United States Code, to make certain changes to the reporting re-quirement of certain service providers regarding child sex-ual exploitation visual depictions, S. 2785, to designate foreign persons who improperly interfere in United States elections as inadmissible aliens, S. 3178, to amend title 18, United States Code, to specify lynching as a depriva-tion of civil rights, and the nominations of Brett M. Kavanaugh, of Maryland, to be an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, Ryan Douglas Nel-son, of Idaho, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit, Richard J. Sullivan, of New York, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Second Circuit, Jona-than A. Kobes, of South Dakota, to be United States Cir-cuit Judge for the Eighth Circuit, Gary Richard Brown, Diane Gujarati, Eric Ross Komitee, and Rachel P. Kovner, each to be a United States District Judge for the Eastern District of New York, Stephen R. Clark, Sr., to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Missouri, Lewis J. Liman, and Mary Kay Vyskocil, both to be a United States District Judge for the South-ern District of New York, John M. O’Connor, to be United States District Judge for the Northern, Eastern and Western Districts of Oklahoma, John L. Sinatra, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the Western Dis-trict of New York, Joshua Wolson, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, Kenneth D. Bell, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of North Carolina, Stephanie A. Gallagher, to be United States District Judge for the Dis-trict of Maryland, Mary S. McElroy, to be United States District Judge for the District of Rhode Island, Carl J. Nichols, to be United States District Judge for the Dis-trict of Columbia, Martha Maria Pacold, Mary M. Row-land, and Steven C. Seeger, each to be a United States District Judge for the Northern District of Illinois, Jason R. Dunn, to be United States Attorney for the District of Colorado, and Dallas L. Carlson, to be United States Marshal for the District of North Dakota, both of the Department of Justice, and James W. Carroll, Jr., of Vir-ginia, to be Director of National Drug Control Policy, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
House 
Committee on Armed Services, Subcommittee on Readi-ness, hearing entitled ‘‘Army Futures Command: Will it help?’’, 1:30 p.m., 2020 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 6511, the ‘‘Strategic Petroleum Reserve Reform Act’’; H.R. 3325, the ‘‘ACE Kids Act’’; H.R. 3891, to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to clarify the authority of State Medicaid fraud and abuse control units to investigate and prosecute cases of Med-icaid patient abuse and neglect in any setting, and for other purposes; H.R. 5306, the ‘‘EMPOWER Care Act’’; H.R. 6733, to amend title XXVII of the Public Health Service Act and title XVIII of the Social Security Act to prohibit group health plans, health insurance issuers, pre-scription drug plan sponsors, and Medicare Advantage or-ganizations from limiting certain information on drug prices; and H.R. 6753, to amend title XI of the Social Security Act to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to establish a public-private partnership for pur-poses of identifying health care waste, fraud, and abuse, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Environment, hearing entitled ‘‘Air Quality Impacts of Wildfires: Mitigation and Manage-ment Strategies’’, 1 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Barriers to Expanding Innovative, Value-Based Care in Medicare’’, 1:15 p.m., 2322 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 2128, the ‘‘Due Process Restoration Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4753, the ‘‘Federal Reserve Supervision Tes-timony Clarification Act’’; H.R. 4758, the ‘‘FOMC Policy Responsibility Act’’; H.R. 5534, the ‘‘Give Useful Infor-mation to Define Effective Compliance Act’’; H.R. 6021, the ‘‘Small Business Audit Correction Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6158, the ‘‘Brokered Deposit Affiliate-Subsidiary Modera-tion Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6411, the ‘‘FinCEN Improve-ment Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6721, the ‘‘FinCEN Moderniza-tion Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6729, the ‘‘Empowering Finan-cial Institutions to Fight Human Trafficking Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6737, the ‘‘Protect Affordable Mortgages for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:52 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12SE8.REC D12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1008 September 12, 2018 Veterans Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6741, the ‘‘Federal Reserve Reform Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6743, the ‘‘Consumer Infor-mation Notification Requirement Act’’; H.R. 6745, the ‘‘Access to Capital Creates Economic Strength and Sup-ports Rural America Act’’; and H.R. 6751, the ‘‘Banking Transparency for Sanctioned Persons Act of 2018’’, 9 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of U.S. Sanctions Policy’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Full Committee, markup on H. Res. 1017, requesting the President, and directing the Secretary of State, to transmit to the House of Representatives copies of all documents, records, communications, transcripts, sum-maries, notes, memoranda, and read-aheads in their pos-session referring to certain communications between President Donald Trump and President Vladimir Putin, 12:30 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Full Committee, mark-up on H.R. 6620, the ‘‘Protecting Critical Infrastructure Against Drones and Emerging Threats Act’’; H.R. 6735, to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to establish a vulnerability disclosure policy for Department of Home-land Security internet websites, and for other purposes; H.R. 6740, the ‘‘Border Tunnel Task Force Act’’; legisla-tion on the Secure Border Communications Act; and S. 1281, the ‘‘Hack the Department of Homeland Security Act of 2017’’, 10:30 a.m., HVC–210. Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 5634, the ‘‘Medical Cannabis Research Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6755, the ‘‘Judiciary ROOM Act’’; H.R. 3487, to amend section 1332 of title 28, United States Code, to provide that the requirement for diversity of citizenship jurisdiction is met if any one party to the case is diverse in citizenship from any one adverse party in the case; H.R. 6754, the ‘‘CIRCUIT Act’’; H.R. 6730, the ‘‘Injunctive Authority Clarification Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6758, the ‘‘Study of Underrepresented Classes Chasing Engineering and Science Success Act of 2018’’; H.R. 2899, the ‘‘Second Chance Reauthorization Act of 2017’’; H.R. 6063, a bill to enact certain existing laws relating to domestic security as Title 6, United States Code, ‘‘Do-mestic Security’’ and to make technical amendments to improve the United States Code; H.R. 6342, a bill to make revisions in Title 51, United States Code, as nec-essary to keep the title current, and to make technical amendments to improve the United States Code; H.R. 6762, a bill to make improvements in the enactment of title 41, United States Code, into a positive law title and to improve the Code; and H.R. 6176, a bill to make technical amendments to update statutory references to certain provisions classified to title 2, United States Code, title 50, United States Code, and title 52, United States Code, 10:15 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 6510, the ‘‘Restore Our Parks and Public Lands Act’’, 10:15 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Subcommittee on Indian, Insular and Alaska Native Affairs, hearing on H.R. 4985, the ‘‘Ysleta del Sur Pueb-lo and Alabama-Coushatta Tribes of Texas Equal and Fair Opportunity Settlement Act’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Members’ Day Hearing on Proposed Rules Changes for the 116th Congress’’, 10 a.m., H–313 Capitol. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee on Oversight; and Subcommittee on Environment, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Underlying Science and Impacts of Glider Truck Regulations’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Now Hiring: How the Opioid Epidemic Affects Small Businesses’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Sub- committee on Railroads, Pipelines, and Hazardous Mate-rials, hearing entitled ‘‘The State of Positive Train Con-trol Implementation in the United States’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Health, hearing on H.R. 5413, the ‘‘Improving Veterans Access to Congressional Services Act of 2018’’; and H.R. 6418, the ‘‘VA Website Accessibility Act of 2018’’, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. Subcommittee on Technology Modernization, hearing entitled ‘‘The Role of the Interagency Program Office in VA Electronic Health Record Modernization’’, 2 p.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 6760, the ‘‘Protecting Family and Small Busi-ness Tax Cuts Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6757, the ‘‘Family Savings Act of 2018’’; and H.R. 6756 the ‘‘American In-novation Act of 2018’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
Joint Meetings 
Conference: meeting of conferees on H.R. 6157, making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2019, 11:30 a.m., HC–5, Capitol. Conference: meeting of conferees on H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, envi-ronment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, 1 p.m., HC–5, Capitol. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of September 13 through September 14, 2018 Senate Chamber Senate will meet in pro forma session on Thurs-day, September 13, 2018. Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Sep- tember 13, to hold hearings to examine perspectives on United States agricultural trade, 10 a.m., SR–328A. Committee on the Budget: September 13, to hold hearings to examine an update on transparency at the Congres-sional Budget Office, 10:30 a.m., SD–608. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:52 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12SE8.REC D12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1009 September 12, 2018 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sep- tember 13, to hold hearings to examine the transpor-tation of tomorrow, focusing on emerging technologies that will move America, 10 a.m., SR–253. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: September 13, to hold hearings to examine the role of United States liquefied natural gas in meeting European energy de-mand, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Environment and Public Works: September 13, to hold hearings to examine advanced nuclear tech-nology, focusing on safety and associated benefits of li-censing accident tolerant fuels for commercial nuclear re-actors, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Finance: September 13, business meeting to consider the nominations of Michael Faulkender, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, and Elizabeth Darling, of Texas, to be Commissioner on Children, Youth, and Families, Department of Health and Human Services; to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine the nomination of Gail S. Ennis, of Maryland, to be Inspector General, Social Security Ad-ministration, 2 p.m., SD–215. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: September 13, to hold hearings to examine evolving threats to the homeland, 10:30 a.m., SD–342. Committee on the Judiciary: September 13, business meet-ing to consider S. 2961, to reauthorize subtitle A of the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990, S. 3354, to amend the Missing Children’s Assistance Act, S. 3170, to amend title 18, United States Code, to make certain changes to the reporting requirement of certain service providers re-garding child sexual exploitation visual depictions, S. 2785, to designate foreign persons who improperly inter-fere in United States elections as inadmissible aliens, S. 3178, to amend title 18, United States Code, to specify lynching as a deprivation of civil rights, and the nomina-tions of Brett M. Kavanaugh, of Maryland, to be an Asso-ciate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, Ryan Douglas Nelson, of Idaho, to be United States Cir-cuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit, Richard J. Sullivan, of New York, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sec-ond Circuit, Jonathan A. Kobes, of South Dakota, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eighth Circuit, Gary Richard Brown, Diane Gujarati, Eric Ross Komitee, and Rachel P. Kovner, each to be a United States District Judge for the Eastern District of New York, Stephen R. Clark, Sr., to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Missouri, Lewis J. Liman, and Mary Kay Vyskocil, both to be a United States District Judge for the Southern District of New York, John M. O’Con-nor, to be United States District Judge for the Northern, Eastern and Western Districts of Oklahoma, John L. Si-natra, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the Western District of New York, Joshua Wolson, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, Kenneth D. Bell, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Western District of North Carolina, Stephanie A. Gallagher, to be United States District Judge for the District of Maryland, Mary S. McElroy, to be United States District Judge for the District of Rhode Island, Carl J. Nichols, to be United States District Judge for the District of Columbia, Martha Maria Pacold, Mary M. Rowland, and Steven C. Seeger, each to be a United States District Judge for the Northern District of Illinois, Jason R. Dunn, to be United States Attorney for the District of Colorado, and Dallas L. Carlson, to be United States Marshal for the District of North Dakota, both of the Department of Justice, and James W. Carroll, Jr., of Virginia, to be Director of National Drug Control Policy, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
House Committees 
Committee on Armed Services, September 14, Sub-committee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing enti-tled ‘‘U.S. Strategy in Syria’’, 8 a.m., HVC–210. Committee on Energy and Commerce, September 14, Sub-committee on Communications and Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘Solutions to Strengthen U.S. Public Safety Com-munications’’, 9 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. September 14, Subcommittee on Health, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Better Data and Better Outcomes: Reducing Mater-nal Mortality in the U.S’’, 9:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, September 14, Sub-committee on the Middle East and North Africa, hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Policy Toward Syria’’, 9:30 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on the Judiciary, September 14, Subcommittee on the Constitution and Civil Justice, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Sober Living Homes’’, 9 a.m., 2141 Ray-burn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, September 14, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 2327, ‘‘PAWS Act of 2017’’; H.R. 5521, the ‘‘VA Hiring Enhancement Act’’; H.R. 4312, the ‘‘Fallen Warrior Battlefield Cross Memorial Act’’; H.R. 5413, the ‘‘Improving Veterans Access to Congressional Services Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6409, the ‘‘Honoring Veterans’ Families Act’’; H.R. 6420, to per-mit the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to establish a grant program to conduct cemetery research and produce edu-cational materials for the Veterans Legacy Program; and H.R. 6418, the ‘‘VA Website Accessibility Act of 2018’’, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. 
Joint Meetings 
Conference: September 13, meeting of conferees on H.R. 6157, making appropriations for the Department of De-fense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, 11:30 a.m., HC–5, Capitol. Conference: September 13, meeting of conferees on H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, 1 p.m., HC–5, Capitol. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:52 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12SE8.REC D12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1010 September 12, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9:45 a.m., Thursday, September 13 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Thursday, September 13 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Consideration of H.R. 3798— Save American Workers Act (Subject to a Rule). Consid-eration of measures under suspension of the Rules. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Babin, Brian, Tex., E1231 Buck, Ken, Colo., E1236 Bustos, Cheri, Ill., E1234 Byrne, Bradley, Ala., E1235 Calvert, Ken, Calif., E1233 Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E1233 Cleaver, Emanuel, Mo., E1229 Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E1236 Collins, Doug, Ga., E1241 Davis, Danny K., Ill., E1239 Duffy, Sean, P., Wisc., E1239 Eshoo, Anna G., Calif., E1234 Frelinghuysen, Rodney P., N.J., E1234 Gibbs, Bob, Ohio, E1237 Gonzalez, Vicente, Tex., E1241 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E1230 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E1238 Joyce, David P., Ohio, E1231 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E1229, E1232, E1240 Long, Billy, Mo., E1239 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E1240 Moore, Gwen, Wisc., E1231 Perry, Scott, Pa., E1231 Poe, Ted, Tex., E1236 Quigley, Mike, Ill., E1235, E1238 Rogers, Mike, Ala., E1238, E1240 Ryan, Tim, Ohio, E1235 Sessions, Pete, Tex., E1229 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E1233, E1235 Tipton, Scott R., Colo., E1230, E1232 Vela´zquez, Nydia M., N.Y., E1236, E1238, E1240 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E1229, E1230 Wittman, Robert J., Va., E1232, E1234 Yoder, Kevin, Kans., E1234 Young, David, Iowa, E1231, E1233, E1233, E1234, E1235, E1236, E1237, E1238, E1239, E1240 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:52 Sep 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D12SE8.REC D12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST